.” In addition, we operate a web services company in a highly competitive, rapidly changing and consumer- and technology-driven industry. This industry is affected by government regulation, economic, strategic, political and social conditions, consumer response to new and existing products and services, technological developments and, particularly in view of new technologies, the continued ability to protect intellectual property rights. Our actual results could differ materially from management’s expectations because of changes in such factors. Achieving our business and financial objectives, including improved financial results and maintenance of a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, could be adversely affected by the factors discussed or referenced in “Item 1A — Risk Factors” as well as, among other things: • changes in our plans, strategies and intentions; • stock price volatility; • future borrowing and restrictive covenants under our revolving credit facility; • the impact of the convertible senior notes (the “Notes”) and the related hedge and warrant transactions; • the impact of significant acquisitions, dispositions and other similar transactions; • our ability to attract and retain key employees; • any negative unintended consequences of cost reductions, restructuring actions or similar efforts, including with respect to any associated savings, charges or other amounts; • adoption of new products and services; • our ability to attract and retain unique visitors to our properties; • asset impairments; and • the impact of “cyber attacks.” References in this Annual Report to “we,” “us,” the “Company,” and “AOL” refer to AOL Inc., a Delaware corporation. 1 Table of Contents ITEM 1. BUSINESS Introduction AOL Inc. (referred to herein as “AOL”, the “Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”) is a leading global media technology company with a substantial worldwide audience and a suite of digital brands, products and services that we offer to consumers, advertisers, publishers and subscribers. We are focused on attracting and engaging consumers by creating and offering high quality branded online digital content, products and services and providing valuable advertising services on both our owned and operated properties and third-party websites. We market our offerings to advertisers on both AOL Properties and on third party internet sites (the “Third Party Properties”). AOL Properties include our owned and operated content, products and services in the Membership Group and Brand Group segments, which are each described in further detail below. AOL Properties also include co-branded websites owned or operated by third parties for which certain criteria have been met, including the requirement that the internet traffic has been assigned to us. Our AOL subscription service, which we offer consumers in the United States for a monthly fee, is a valuable distribution channel for AOL Properties. Through AOL Platforms we provide third party publishers and our AOL Properties with premium products and services, such as premium formats, video advertising and content personalization, intended to make their websites and applications attractive to advertisers as well as the ability to programmatically sell advertising inventory. Through AOL Platforms, we provide advertisers the ability (i) to programmatically plan, buy and measure advertising across all screens and advertising formats using self-serve technology or our managed services and (ii) to buy advertising inventory using traditional advertising sales methods. We also provide advertisers and other content providers the ability to syndicate and measure video viewing and engagement activity at scale across all internet-enabled devices (i.e., desktop, mobile and internet-enabled television). We are in the midst of executing a multi-year strategic plan to reinvigorate growth in our revenues and profits by taking advantage of the continuing migration of advertising, commerce and information to the internet and digital devices. Our strategy is to focus our resources on AOL’s core competitive strengths in technology platforms, subscription services, and content and advertising, including video content and advertising formats while expanding the distribution of our premium content, and our product and service offerings on multiple platforms and digital devices, including on internet-enabled televisions, smartphones and tablets. This approach includes our continued focus on our video content production and distribution and our video advertising offerings. We continue to reinvigorate AOL’s culture and brand by prioritizing the consumer experience, making greater use of data-driven insights, encouraging innovation and optimizing our advertising technology to create an end-to-end open data platform. AOL was founded in 1985 and later merged with Time Warner Inc. (“Time Warner”) in 2001. In the fourth quarter of 2009, the board of directors of Time Warner approved the complete legal and structural separation of the Company from Time Warner (the “spin-off”), following which we became an independent, publicly-traded company. On November 2, 2009, the Company converted from AOL Holdings LLC, a limited liability company wholly owned by Time Warner, to AOL Inc., a Delaware corporation wholly owned by Time Warner. The spin-off occurred on December 9, 2009. During 2014 we completed acquisitions that added many important components to our advertiser and publisher platform. In January 2014 we acquired Project Rover, Inc. (“Gravity”), a company that offers multi-screen content optimization and personalization using patented technology that creates interest graphs based on individuals’ interests, preferences and habits and that allows publishers to offer a tailored and relevant selection of editorial and advertising content to readers. In May 2014 we acquired Convertro, Inc. (“Convertro”), a leading multi-touch attribution modeling technology company. In December 2014 we acquired Vidible, Inc. (“Vidible”), a programmatic video exchange platform for discovering and distributing video content that will enable licensees and licensors to distribute and monetize video content across all internet-enabled devices. 2 Table of Contents Segments Our business is organized into the following three reportable segments: • The Brand Group, which consists of our portfolio of distinct and unique content brands as well as certain service brands. The results for this segment include the performance of our advertising offerings on a number of owned and operated sites, such as AOL.com, The Huffington Post, TechCrunch and MapQuest. The Brand Group also includes co-branded websites owned or operated by third parties for which certain criteria have been met, including the requirement that the internet traffic has been assigned to us. • The Membership Group, which consists of offerings that serve our registered account holders, both free and paid. The results for this segment include the performance of our subscription offerings and advertising offerings on Membership Group properties, including communications products, such as AOL Mail. • AOL Platforms (formerly referred to as AOL Networks), which consists of interconnected programmatic (automated) and premium advertising offerings and technologies that advertisers and publishers use to reach consumers across all devices (i.e., desktop, mobile and television), and includes formats such as display, including video and social formats. AOL Platforms also provides additional technology solutions that enhance our programmatic platforms and enable advertisers and publishers to have an end-to-end open programmatic media buying experience by providing access to Third Party Properties, AOL Properties ad serving, content personalization, targeting, attribution and cross-channel analytics. The results for this segment include the performance of Advertising.com (“Ad.com”), AdLearn Open Platform (“AOP”), Adap.tv, Marketplace by ADTECH (“Marketplace”), AOL On, Be On, ADTECH, Gravity, Vidible and Convertro. In addition to the above reportable segments, we have a corporate and other category that includes activities that are not directly attributable or allocable to a specific segment. This category primarily consists of broad corporate functions and includes legal, human resources, accounting, analytics, finance and marketing as well as activities and costs not directly attributable to a particular segment such as restructuring costs, tax settlements and other general business costs. The corporate and other category also includes the elimination of revenues resulting from transactions between the Brand Group, Membership Group and AOL Platforms segments. For financial information about our segments for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, see “Note 12” in our accompanying consolidated financial statements and “Item 7-Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” The Brand Group The Brand Group seeks to be a leading publisher of relevant and engaging online content and a provider of engaging online consumer products and services, by utilizing highly scalable publishing platforms and content management systems. We generate advertising revenues in the Brand Group primarily through display advertising (which includes video advertising) and search advertising. The Brand Group consists of our portfolio of distinct and unique content brands as well as certain service brands with a focus on news, women/lifestyle and technology. Through our diverse network of sites, we seek to reach a global audience on many platforms and across all devices. With consumers’ increasingly shifting to mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets, we continue to focus our efforts on creating a better user experience across formats and devices. Additionally we offer advertisers and agencies powerful, comprehensive and efficient online tools to effectively deliver advertising and to reach targeted audiences across Brand Group properties on all internet-enabled devices. We also offer and sell native advertising to advertisers. Our native advertising offerings include enabling advertisers to sponsor or publish content on our sites, that is aligned with the advertiser's brand values and messaging, while being relevant to the consumer experience on the sites. 3 Table of Contents Brand Group offerings include original content produced by professional journalists from new and traditional media, politicians, celebrities, academics, policy experts, freelance writers and bloggers, our curated content and curated and aggregated content from third parties and user-generated content. Our content offerings are made available to broad audiences through sites such as AOL.com and The Huffington Post, and related sites, as well as to specialized audiences on highly-targeted, branded properties, such as Engadget and TechCrunch. Some of these sites also serve as entry points for our other services, such as AOL Search. Additionally, we have entered into joint ventures and other strategic partnerships with third parties with established brands in an effort to expand our content offerings. To facilitate the intake, creation, management and publication of original content, we utilize publishing platforms and content management systems that are designed to scale in a cost-effective manner in order to produce a large variety of relevant content for consumers. In some instances, we have entered into third party partnerships in certain content verticals, which typically provide that the Brand Group receives a share of advertising revenue sold on a co-branded site. The Brand Group continues to simplify its brand portfolio, focusing on fewer, more relevant brands and in 2014 we shuttered or disposed of several brands, including Patch. For more information related to our material dispositions, see “Note 4” in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. The Brand Group offers many highly engaging and relevant brands, including: • AOL.com-AOL.com curates and aggregates compelling and engaging content, including content verticals around news, sports, entertainment and finance, and provides easy access to important services such as AOL Search and AOL Mail. We seek to continuously develop and refine our home page by offering enhanced features and functionality, including original video content and user interface improvements. • The Huffington Post-an influential news, opinion and lifestyle website with user comments, which also includes many sections that offer news and perspectives on different subject areas, such as multicultural issues, healthy living and politics. We have expanded The Huffington Post internationally and it is now in over 10 countries, largely through partnerships with established local media companies. In 2014 and beyond we seek to continue the expansion of The Huffington Post. Additionally, HP Live! provides live online streaming video programming that leverages The Huffington Post’s community and social platform and invites real-time viewer engagement and interaction by smartphone, tablet or webcams. • MapQuest-a leading online mapping and directions service. We seek to continue to supplement our MapQuest offerings beyond navigation through the launch of original travel content and enhanced trip planning features. We plan on further refining our mobile products with features and enhancements that enable users to experience trips more efficiently. MapQuest also licenses its business-to-business services to third party customers. • Other brands-Moviefone, TechCrunch, Engadget, Makers and StyleMePretty Through different services operated by AOL Platforms, advertisers are able to access inventory on Brand Group properties and our AOL Properties are able to optimize their content offerings, using multi-screen content optimization and personalization. Increasingly, consumers access the internet on devices other than a personal computer. We continue to develop and offer applications for our existing desktop products and services that are optimized for display on portable devices, such as smartphones and tablets, and on internet-enabled televisions. In addition, we also continue to develop and offer applications specific to such devices. We plan to continue our focus on creating a better user experience across our brands, investing in mobile applications within the Brand Group, prioritizing launches of key brands, collaborating with other providers in order to have our mobile applications included in their offerings, and expanding our mobile advertising platform. We offer AOL search on AOL Properties within the Brand Group and Membership Group. 4 Table of Contents We provide our consumers with a general, internet-based search experience that utilizes the organic web search results of Google Inc. (“Google”), presents additional links on the search results page that showcase contextually relevant AOL and third-party content and information and provides a variety of search-related features (such as suggesting related searches to help users further refine their search queries). We also provide our consumers with relevant paid text-based search advertising through our relationship with Google, in which we provide consumers sponsored link ads in response to their search queries. We distribute our search experience via AOL owned and operated properties globally, enabling users to access AOL's search services through search boxes, homepage resets, toolbars, browser extensions, and working with internal and external partners to drive traffic to our search landing pages. In addition, we offer vertical search services (i.e., search within a specific content category) and mobile search services on Brand Group and Membership Group properties. We also offer contextually relevant advertising from both Google and AOL’s proprietary products. These advertisements are placed on sites targeted by advertisers based on the content of the websites. We also market our search services through search engine marketing, working with marketing partners to drive traffic to, and maximize the utilization of, our search services. While the majority of our search revenues are reflected within the results of the Brand Group, search-related revenues are also included within the results of the Membership Group for search offerings provided in that segment. Content, products and services on Brand Group properties are generally available to consumers and we are focused on attracting greater numbers of consumers to our offerings. In addition, we utilize various distribution channels as described below which allow us to more directly reach online consumers. Certain of our Brand Group properties, such as our AOL.com portal and HuffingtonPost.com, serve as valuable distribution channels for our content, products and services as do our subscription services. We utilize our premium video platform as a means of distributing content and increasing engagement across our Brand Group properties. We use a variety of other distribution channels as well, including agreements with manufacturers of devices and other consumer electronics and mobile carriers. We distribute our content, products and services directly to consumers on the open web and through the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, the Amazon Appstore and the Android Market. Additional distribution channels include toolbars, widgets, co-branded portals and websites, mobile aggregators, third-party websites and social networks (whether offered directly or by means of partnerships with social network operators such as Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”), or enabling users to share our content through social networks) that link to AOL Properties. We also utilize search engine marketing and search engine optimization as distribution methods. We make available open standards and protocols for use by third-party developers to enhance, promote and distribute our properties. The Membership Group The Membership Group consists of offerings that serve our registered account holders, both free and paid. The Membership Group creates integrated experiences that allow our consumers to have access to useful content from important brands, communication tools, including AOL Mail, and valuable services, such as AOL Search. In addition, we continue to offer new products and services that are either third party or AOL-developed products that are made available to our subscribers as value-added benefits in their packages, or in some instances, to all internet customers on a stand-alone basis. We offer advertisers and agencies tools to effectively deliver advertising and reach targeted audiences across Membership Group properties. Advertising inventory on Membership Group sites not sold directly to advertisers may be included for sale to advertisers through AOL Platforms and is reflected as intersegment revenue within the Membership Group. Search offerings are also provided on Membership Group properties. 5 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2014, we had approximately 2.2 million domestic AOL subscribers. Our subscribers are important users of Brand Group and Membership Group properties, and engaging our subscribers, as well as former AOL subscribers who continue to utilize our free service plan, is an important component of our strategy. Our paid subscription plans provide a suite of products and services ranging from online storage, privacy and security solutions to technical support, back-up and unlimited dial-up internet access options, computer protection and partner discounts. Similar to the Brand Group, through different services operated by AOL Platforms, advertisers are able to access inventory on Membership Group properties and our AOL Properties are able to optimize their content offerings, using multi-screen content optimization and personalization. As part of our ongoing efforts to increase customer satisfaction and retention, we continue to develop, test and market additional new products, services and packages. AOL subscribers are able to manage their subscriptions through an online self-service portal as well as through telephone and chat-based customer support options. We also offer a wide range of a la carte products and services, including computer tools, maintenance services, online technical support, anti-virus software, identity theft protection, online and social media privacy and reputation monitoring services, online learning and other lifestyle services. Consumers are likewise able to manage these products and services through an online self-service portal as well as through telephone and chat-based customer support options. We also offer free communications tools, such as AOL Mail, which is a leading e-mail service in the United States. AOL Mail is a significant source of our consumer traffic and engagement. We distribute Membership Group properties through channels similar to the Brand Group as described above. AOL Platforms AOL Platforms aims to help advertisers and publishers solve fundamental challenges presented by the digital marketing landscape by making available programmatic platforms, video offerings and advertising solutions. AOL Platforms offers our advertising technology products and services to advertisers, publishers and other technology companies individually or on a bundled basis. Advertisers and publishers can access our offerings on an individual basis, choosing specific services for their requirements from our suite of offerings, or on a bundled basis, accessing our full suite of services and offerings via our end-to-end open programmatic media buying experience. We aim to develop our current relationships with publishers and advertisers and continue to drive increased global advertiser investment and publisher growth. Advertising revenues on AOL Platforms are primarily generated when we acquire and/or make available advertising inventory from AOL Properties or Third Party Properties and then use our proprietary optimization, targeting and delivery technology to match advertisers and their objectives with available inventory. Through our video offerings such as AOL On, Be On and Adap.tv, AOL Platforms is able to effectively create, curate and distribute video programming and video advertisements. AOL Platforms also provides integrated ad serving solutions to enable publishers and advertisers to efficiently manage, serve and report on their advertising programs. We expect cross-screen digital media advertising to increase as consumer habits shift towards digital media. As the number of advertisers seeking to reach consumers across multiple devices is also on the rise, and as consumer habits continue to shift towards digital media, we believe that AOL Platforms is positioned to address these market and consumer trends through its platforms, offerings and solutions. For more information related to our material acquisitions, see “Note 4” in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. 6 Table of Contents Programmatic Platforms AOL Platforms’ programmatic technology automates ad planning and buying by matching publisher inventory to advertiser-designated criteria, across all internet-enabled devices and advertising formats. AOL Platforms is comprised of various programmatic technologies, including AOP, Adap.tv and MARKETPLACE, as well as complementary products and services, including ADTECH, Advertising.com, multi-touch attribution models (Convertro), and content personalization (Gravity). Through AOL Platforms, we seek to help our publishers and advertisers solve what we believe are critical marketing industry challenges of business inefficiency and data loss. We believe that companies will integrate into larger, more comprehensive programmatic platforms rather than operating independently as the use of programmatic advertising increases. We also expect that advertisers will use programmatic platforms that can absorb, utilize and protect multiple data sets across screens, formats and inventory types. We also offer advertisers the ability to target advertisements to specific users across all devices using device linking technology that utilizes identifiable information, such as geographic location, previous exposure to certain advertisements and/or user behavior online. Our programmatic platform consists of the following offerings that advertisers and publishers use independently or in combination with one another on a self-service or managed-service basis: AOP AOP is our global demand side platform that leverages AdLearn, our proprietary scheduling, optimization and delivery technology that optimizes advertising placements against available inventory on Third Party Properties and AOL Properties. AOP is used by advertisers and agencies to programmatically plan, buy and measure online advertising across all internet-enabled devices and advertising formats. Advertisers have access to premium non-reserved inventory on Third Party Properties through Advertising.com and other inventory sources, and premium reserved and non-reserved inventory on AOL Properties. Advertisers have the option to use AOP through our self-service technology or our managed-services. Adap.tv We acquired Adap.tv, Inc. (“Adap.tv”) in September 2013. Adap.tv is our global video exchange for advertisers and publishers that schedules, optimizes and delivers advertising placements against available inventory on Third Party Properties and AOL Properties both programmatically and on a managed service basis across all internet-enabled devices and television. MARKETPLACE MARKETPLACE is our global sell-side platform that enables premium publishers to programmatically sell their desktop and mobile inventory via open exchange and private marketplace environments. MARKETPLACE is also available as a self-service programmatic tool or managed-service solution. Using MARKETPLACE, third party publishers can sell their inventory alongside certain AOL Properties. Other Technologies The following technology solutions enhance our programmatic platforms and enable advertisers and publishers to have an end-to-end open programmatic media buying experience by providing access to Third Party Properties and AOL Properties, ad serving, content personalization and attribution and analytics. Advertising.com (Ad.com) Ad.com is our legacy global third-party advertising network. Ad.com inventory includes non-reserved display inventory, including video inventory, from third-party publishers which can be bundled and sold with inventory from Brand Group and Membership Group properties. Advertisers can conduct campaigns across desktop, mobile and 7 Table of Contents social formats. Advertisers can access Ad.com inventory programmatically through AOP through the AdLearn technology that gets smarter at matching and optimizing media the more it is used. Advertisers can also access Ad.com inventory using our traditional managed service for both brand and direct response marketing. The Company, Yahoo! Inc. (“Yahoo”) and Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft”) are parties to non-exclusive agreements that allow advertising networks operated by each of the companies to offer each other’s premium non-reserved online display inventory to their respective customers. This partnership offers advertisers and agencies the efficiency of buying premium display at scale to reach customers and audiences. ADTECH ADTECH is our proprietary ad serving technology that is the primary ad server used by our Brand Group and Membership Group properties. In addition, we license this ad serving technology to third parties through our ADTECH subsidiaries in the United States and Europe. ADTECH supports premium display advertising, including video advertising, across all internet-enabled devices. Gravity Through Gravity, we offer content personalization and native advertising to Third Party Properties and AOL Properties. Convertro Convertro is a leading attribution modeling technology company that we acquired in May 2014. The attribution modeling technology enhances the ability of advertisers to customize their audience segments and establish a map of a user journey to a particular event across media channels (e.g., a conversion or completion), thereby enabling advertisers to develop a media plan that maximizes return on ad spend across various media channels. We believe this technology provides solutions to brands and agencies seeking to have an expansive and holistic view of their target customers across their entire purchasing path in real-time. Video Platform Our premium video platform includes content, technology and distribution channels for content providers, publishers and advertisers to access and distribute video content at scale. We remain focused on the continued expansion of our video platform for both AOL Properties and Third Party Properties. Through Vidible we plan to provide a programmatic video exchange platform for discovering and distributing video content that will enable licensees and licensors to distribute and monetize video content across all internet-enabled devices. Content AOL On, our premium video syndication service, which includes over a dozen curated content channels, can be accessed through and experienced across all internet-enabled devices. AOL On includes original programming and video content from a large number of syndication partners. Through Be On, advertisers are able to create, syndicate and measure branded video content at scale across all internet-enabled devices. Our Be On offering provides a platform for long-form branded content across all internet-enabled devices and we seek to provide brands with the tools and resources to create, syndicate at scale and measure premium content that consumers desire to watch and share. 8 Table of Contents Distribution AOL On distributes ad-supported video content across a vast network of Third Party Properties and AOL Properties via all internet enabled devices. We believe that the Vidible video exchange technology will expand our video content management tools by providing another piece in the single end-to-end open platform that AOL Platforms continues to work towards. We expect that Vidible will also create an open marketplace for video for our partners seeking to curate, syndicate and monetize their content. Technology Our video technology platform is designed to meet a variety of video-related needs of our customers including those related to content distribution, monetization and measurement across all internet-enabled devices and video formats. In addition to AOL On and Be On technology platforms, Adap.tv is also a key platform that our advertisers and publishers use to buy and sell video advertising inventory programmatically across all internet-enabled devices. We believe Vidible, our programmatic video exchange platform, will also enhance our growing platform by providing partners access to additional video management, syndication and analytics tools. Other Premium Formats and Ad Experiences We have upgraded and consolidated our creative platforms to improve the premium ad experiences we can offer advertisers and publishers across all devices. Advertisers and publishers use the Pictela platform globally on a self-service or managed services basis to achieve aesthetic quality, impact and interactivity of online advertising while showcasing their products and services. Through our Pictela platform we aim to drive higher quality ad experiences and deeper consumer engagement. Similar to our other AOL Platforms offerings, we support premium ad experiences across all formats and screens and encourage advertisers and publishers to use our sophisticated ad targeting strategies to drive improved results by delivering ads to the most interested consumers in relevant context. Revenues Global Advertising and Other Revenues Across our segments, our advertising operations focus on the following: AOL Properties. We sell advertising on AOL Properties, which include owned and operated content, products and services included in the Membership Group and Brand Group segments. AOL Properties also include co-branded websites owned or operated by third parties for which certain criteria have been met, including that the internet traffic has been assigned to us. Third Party Properties. We sell advertising on Third Party Properties and offer advertising services to the publishers of these sites. In addition to global advertising revenues, we also generate other revenues across our Third Party Properties and AOL Properties. AOL Properties Advertising Revenue We generate advertising revenues on AOL Properties through display advertising (which includes video advertising) and search advertising. We offer advertisers a wide range of capabilities and solutions to effectively deliver advertising and reach targeted audiences across AOL Properties through our dedicated advertising sales force. A significant area of our focus is on offering customized premium display advertising, including video. A 9 Table of Contents growing area of focus is on offering advertisers access to native advertising. The substantial number of unique visitors on AOL Properties allows us to offer advertisers the capability of reaching a broad and diverse demographic and geographic audience without having to partner with multiple content providers. We seek to provide effective and efficient advertising solutions utilizing data-driven insights that help advertisers decide how best to engage consumers. We offer advertisers marketing and promotional opportunities to purchase specific placements of advertising directly on AOL Properties (i.e., in particular locations and on specific dates). In addition, we offer advertisers the opportunity to bid on unreserved display advertising inventory on AOL Properties utilizing our proprietary scheduling, optimization and delivery technology. Finally, advertising inventory on AOL Properties not sold directly to advertisers, as described above, may be included for sale to advertisers by AOL Platforms with inventory purchased from third-party publishers. In addition, agreements with advertisers can include other advertising-related services such as content sponsorships, exclusivities or advertising effectiveness research. For the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , our advertising revenues on AOL Properties were $995.7 million , $998.7 million and $946.9 million , respectively. Display Advertising Revenues Display advertising revenues are generated through the display of graphical advertisements as well as performance-based advertising. Agreements for advertising on AOL Properties typically take the following forms: • impression-based contracts in which we provide “impressions” (an “impression” is delivered when an advertisement appears in web pages viewed by users) in exchange for a fixed fee (generally stated as cost-per-thousand impressions); • time-based contracts in which we provide promotion over a specified time period for a fixed fee; or • performance-based contracts in which performance is measured in terms of either “click-throughs” (when a user clicks on a company’s advertisement) or other user actions such as product/customer registrations, survey participation, sales leads, product purchases or other revenue sharing relationships. Search Advertising Revenues Search advertising revenues are generated on AOL Properties when a consumer clicks on a text-based ad on their screen. These text-based ads are either generated from a consumer-initiated search query or generated based on the content of the web page the consumer is viewing. Google is, except in certain limited circumstances, the exclusive web search and search-based advertising provider for AOL Properties, based on our agreement that runs through December 31, 2015. In connection with these search services, Google provides us with a share of the revenue generated through paid text-based search and contextual advertising on AOL Properties. For the year ended December 31, 2014, advertising revenues associated with the Google relationship were $407.4 million . Substantially all of these revenues were search revenues generated on AOL Properties, with a significant majority generated within the Brand Group and to a lesser extent within the Membership Group. See “Item 1A-Risk Factors-Risks Relating to Our Business-We are dependent on a third-party search provider.” Third Party Properties Advertising Revenues Advertising revenues are generated on Third Party Properties through the sale of advertising inventory by publishers on the Third Party Properties. Our advertising offerings on Third Party Properties consist primarily of the sale of display advertising and also include search advertising. Advertising arrangements for the sale of Third Party Properties inventory typically take the form of impression-based contracts or performance-based contracts. In order to generate advertising revenues on Third Party Properties, we incur higher traffic acquisition costs (“TAC”) as compared to advertising on AOL Properties. 10 Table of Contents For the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , our advertising revenues on Third Party Properties were $856.2 million , $614.7 million and $471.6 million , respectively. Other Revenues In addition to advertising revenues, we also generate other revenues, including platform and service fees. The Brand Group generates licensing revenues from third-party customers through MapQuest’s business-to-business services and online travel services as well as revenue from ticket sales related to technology events hosted by TechCrunch. The Brand Group also generates revenue from licensing its content and platforms to third parties. AOL Platforms generates other revenues by licensing our proprietary ad serving technology to third parties, primarily through ADTECH, and through fees generated from publishers and advertisers using Adap.tv’s platform technology and features, as well as services such as ad serving and hosting. AOL Platforms also generates other revenues from licensing Convertro's attribution modeling technology. Subscription Revenues The Membership Group generates subscription revenues principally through our subscription services products we offer to consumers. As of December 31, 2014, we offered price plans ranging from $33.99 to $4.99. These plans include a variety of features such as maintenance services, online technical support, anti-virus software and identity theft protection. We also offer consumers, among other things, enhanced online safety and security features and technical support for a monthly subscription fee. Our subscriber base has declined and is expected to continue to decline. This has resulted in year-over-year declines in our subscription revenues. The number of domestic AOL subscribers was 2.2 million, 2.5 million and 2.8 million at December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, our subscription revenues were $606.5 million, $650.1 million and $705.3 million, respectively. Although our subscription revenues have declined and are expected to continue to decline, we believe that our subscription revenues generated by the Membership Group will continue to remain an important source of revenue, operating income and cash flow in the near term. The revenue and cash flow generated from our subscription services will help us to pursue our strategic initiatives. The revenue related to our other subscription products and services is recognized as subscription revenue in cases where we are responsible for providing the service to the end consumer. In instances when we are promoting a third-party product and generating revenues for those services, but the third party is responsible for providing the service to the end consumer, we recognize the net amount retained within the Membership Group as display advertising revenue. Product Development We seek to develop new and enhanced versions of our products and services for our consumers, advertisers, publishers and subscribers. While in the past we have relied primarily on our own proprietary technology to support our products and services, we have been steadily increasing our use of open source technologies, third-party providers and platforms with a view to diversifying our sources of technology, as well as for cost management. Research and development costs related to our software development efforts for 2014, 2013 and 2012 totaled $37.6 million, $40.6 million and $44.8 million, respectively. These costs consist primarily of personnel costs that are incurred in relation to the development of software and user-facing internet offerings that do not qualify for capitalization. Certain costs related to the development of internal-use software are capitalized and included in property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets. These costs include the costs associated with coding, software configuration, major upgrades and enhancements. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the net book value of capitalized internal-use software development was $77.8 million and $60.7 million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we capitalized $51.1 million, $38.1 million and $30.8 million, respectively, related to the development of internal-use software. 11 Table of Contents Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights Our intellectual property and other proprietary assets include copyrights, trademarks and trademark applications, patents and patent applications, domain names, trade secrets, other proprietary rights and licenses of intellectual property rights of various kinds. These assets and rights, both in the United States and in other countries around the world, are collectively among our most valuable assets. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and unfair competition laws and other laws protecting free speech, free expression, and the press, as well as contractual provisions to protect our assets. The duration and scope of the protection afforded to our intellectual property and other assets depends on the type of property in question and the laws and regulations of the relevant jurisdiction. In the case of licenses, they also depend on contractual provisions. We consider the AOL brand and our other brands to be some of our most valuable assets and these assets are protected by numerous trademark registrations in the United States and globally. These registrations may generally be maintained in effect for as long as the brand is in use in the respective jurisdiction. Competition The Brand Group and the Membership Group compete for the time and attention of consumers, advertising revenue and talent with a wide range of companies, including Google, Twitter, Inc., Facebook, Microsoft Corporation’s MSN, Yahoo, IAC/Interactive Corp. (“IAC”), CBS Interactive, Inc., Comcast Corporation, Gannett Company, Inc., and Mode Media Corporation. AOL Platforms competes more broadly with other companies with advertising and publisher platform offerings, including programmatic advertising offerings and video and mobile offerings; including Google, including its YouTube subsidiary, Facebook, Yahoo, Media Math, Inc., Rocket Fuel, Inc., Pubmatic, Inc., Videology, Inc., TubeMogul Inc.,Turn Inc., Millennial Media, Inc., Criteo S.A, Rubicon Project, The Walt Disney Company’s Maker Studios, Hulu, LLC, Media Mind and Undertone. Our subscription services compete with other providers of bundled subscription services, such as cable companies. Internationally, our primary competitors are global enterprises such as Yahoo, Google, MSN, IAC, Facebook and other social networking sites, as well as a large number of local enterprises. The internet industry is dynamic and rapidly evolving. New and popular competitors frequently emerge, including social networking sites, providers of communications tools and providers of advertising products and services. We also compete with the companies listed above for talent in technology skills and content creation, among other areas. Government Regulation and Other Regulatory Matters Our business is subject to various federal and state laws and regulations, particularly in the areas of intellectual property, privacy, data security and consumer protection. Our marketing and billing activities are subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission and each of the states and the District of Columbia under both general consumer protection laws and regulations prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices as well as various laws and regulations mandating disclosures, authorizations, opt-out procedures and record-keeping for particular sorts of marketing and billing transactions. These laws and regulations include, for example, the Telemarketing Sales Rule, federal and state “Do Not Call” statutes, the Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E. Moreover, our ability to bill under certain payment methods is subject to commercial agreements including, for example, the Credit Card Association rules and agreements between our payment aggregator and telephone carriers. 12 Table of Contents We regularly receive and resolve inquiries relating to marketing and billing issues from state Attorney Generals, the Federal Trade Commission and the Federal Communications Commission and, over the course of more than 20 years of operations, we have entered into several Consent Orders, Assurances of Voluntary Compliance/Discontinuance and settlements pursuant to which we have implemented a series of consumer protection safeguards. Examples include the prohibition of consumer retention-related compensation to call center personnel based either on non-third-party verified retention transactions or minimum retention thresholds; implementing tools that mandate adherence to various consumer protection procedural safeguards around marketing, sales, registration, cancellation, retention and reactivation transactions; recording and retaining particular call types; enabling and requiring full customer support for disabled consumers; and implementing regular training programs and monitoring mechanisms to ensure compliance with these obligations. In the United States, internet access services are generally classified as “information services” and, since open internet rules promulgated in 2010 have been struck down by the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, are not subject to regulation by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”). The FCC has voted to reclassify internet access services as "telecommunications services" under Title II of the Telecommunications Act, which will subject internet service providers ("ISPs") to regulation that may restrict such providers from blocking or discriminating against content, but we do not know whether the rules implemented as a result of this vote will be adequate to prevent such conduct. Broadband providers have threatened litigation to challenge this action. In addition, Congress is considering legislation that would impose open internet protection, but it is unclear when Congress may take such action or whether that action will be successful. Currently the uncertainty of regulation or legislation preventing broadband ISPs from blocking or discriminating against our content could adversely affect our business. Various international laws and regulations also affect our growth and operations. In addition, various legislative and regulatory proposals under consideration from time to time by the United States Congress and various federal, state and international authorities have materially affected us in the past and may materially affect us in the future. In particular, federal, state and international governmental authorities continue to evaluate the privacy implications inherent in the use of mobile and video platforms and advertising networks. We use a variety of tracking and data correlation technologies to facilitate authentication, preference management, research and measurement, personalization, targeting and advertisement and content delivery. More sophisticated targeting and measurement facilitate enhanced revenue opportunities. The regulation of these tracking and data correlation technologies and other current online advertising practices could adversely affect our business. Marketing Our marketing efforts continue to support our mission to simplify the internet for consumers and creators by unleashing the world's best builders of culture and code. We connect tens of thousands of publishers with thousands of advertisers on our global and programmatic, content and advertising platforms. We believe the most effective type of marketing in the near term will be our ability to deliver compelling content, products and services to the millions of consumers who visit us each day. We intend to continue to promote and support the AOL brand while we increase our focus on our family of individual content, product and service brands. We look for strategic opportunities to integrate our brands into high value sponsorships and targeted promotions aimed at defining our core value proposition to consumers. We also engage in meaningful marketing partnerships that allow us to grow our audience. Employees As of December 31, 2014, we employed approximately 4,500 people. Our employees are based in 19 countries around the world, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Canada, Israel, Germany, and India. At that time, the country outside of the United States where we had the largest employee population was the United Kingdom, with approximately 320 employees. As of February 18, 2015, we employed approximately 4,350 people. In general, we consider our relationship with employees to be good. 13 Table of Contents Global Presence We provide our products and services in over 30 countries. The United States accounted for approximately 89% of our revenues in 2014. Our foreign operations may expose us to risks such as those described in “Item 1A-Risk Factors-Risks Relating to Our Business-We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our business . ” For geographic area data for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, see “Note 12” in our accompanying consolidated financial statements. Seasonality In the fourth quarter, we have historically seen a sequential increase in advertising revenues across our segments associated with holiday advertising. 14 Table of Contents WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Unless otherwise stated herein, these filings are not deemed to be incorporated by reference in this report. You may read and copy any documents filed by us at the Public Reference Room of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our filings with the SEC are also available to the public through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov . Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “AOL.” You can inspect and copy reports, proxy statements and other information about us at the NYSE’s offices at 20 Broad Street, New York, New York 10005. We also maintain an internet web site at www.corp.aol.com . We use our website as a channel of distribution of material company information. Financial and other information regarding AOL is routinely posted on and accessible at http://ir.aol.com and http://blog.aol.com . In addition, you may automatically receive e-mail alerts and other information about AOL by visiting the “e-mail alerts” section at http://ir.aol.com and enrolling your e-mail address. We make available on our internet website free of charge our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports as soon as practicable after we electronically file such reports with the SEC. In addition, copies of our (i) Corporate Governance Policy, (ii) charters for the Audit and Finance Committee, Compensation and Leadership Committee, Executive Committee and Nominating and Governance Committee and (iii) Standards of Business Conduct and Code of Ethics for Our Senior Executive and Senior Financial Officers are available through our internet website at http://ir.aol.com . References to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only and the information posted on, accessed through or otherwise connected to it shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this report. Executive Officers of the Registrant Pursuant to General Instruction G of Form 10-K, the following is included in Part I of this Annual Report and sets forth certain information concerning our executive officers, including their ages as of February 24, 2015 . Mr. Tim Armstrong Mr. Armstrong, age 44, has served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AOL since April 2009. Prior to that, Mr. Armstrong was President, Americas Operations of Google Inc. Mr. Armstrong joined Google Inc. in 2000 as Vice President, Advertising Sales, and in 2004 was promoted to Vice President, Advertising and Commerce and then in 2007 he was named President, Americas Operations and Senior Vice President. Before joining Google, Mr. Armstrong served as Vice President of Sales and Strategic Partnerships for Snowball.com from 1998 to 2000. Prior to that, he served as Director of Integrated Sales and Marketing at Starwave’s and Disney’s ABC/ESPN internet Ventures. Mr. Armstrong started his career by co-founding and running a newspaper based in Boston, Massachusetts. Mr. Armstrong is a trustee of Lawrence Academy and on the board of trustees of The Paley Center for Media. Mr. Armstrong currently serves on the board of directors of The Priceline Group Inc. Mr. Armstrong is a Chair Emeritus of the Ad Council and Chairman of the IAB Education Foundation, both of which are non-profit organizations. Ms. Karen Dykstra Ms. Dykstra, age 56, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial and Administrative Officer of AOL since November 2013 and served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from September 2012 until November 2013. Prior to that, Ms. Dykstra was a partner at Plainfield Asset Management LLC and held leadership positions with Plainfield from 2006 to 2010, including Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Plainfield Direct Inc. At that time, Plainfield Asset Management LLC managed investment capital for institutions and high net worth individuals in the United States and abroad. Plainfield Direct Inc., a direct lending and investment business of Plainfield Asset Management, is now known as Plainfield Direct LLC. Prior to joining 15 Table of Contents Plainfield, she was the Chief Financial Officer of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. from 2003 to 2006 and acted as the Principal Financial Officer from 2001 to 2003. Her career spanned 25 years with Automatic Data Processing. Ms. Dykstra currently serves on the board of directors of Gartner Inc. She previously served on the AOL Board of Directors from 2009 until September 2012 and on the board of directors of Crane Co. from 2004 until 2012. Ms. Julie Jacobs Ms. Jacobs, age 48, has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of AOL since May 2010. Prior to that, Ms. Jacobs served as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Assistant Corporate Secretary, a role she held from March 2006 until May 2010. Ms. Jacobs joined AOL in 2000 as Assistant General Counsel. Prior to joining AOL, Ms. Jacobs was an attorney at Milbank Tweed Hadley & McCloy LLP, where her practice focused on a wide variety of international development and telecommunications projects. Mr. Bob Lord Mr. Lord, age 51, has served as President of AOL since January 2015, overseeing the Company's newly unified global advertising operations. Prior to that, Mr. Lord served as Executive Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of AOL Platforms, a role he held from August 2013 to January 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Lord served as the Global CEO of Razorfish LCC, a digital agency which provides services such as web development and emerging media, technology and social influence marketing, from February 2009 to August 2013. Mr. Lord also worked for Publicis Group S.A., a multinational advertising and public relations company, as CEO of Publicis Groupe’s Digital Technology Division, which includes Razorfish, the Digitas LBi Network, Denuo, Fluent and CRM365, from February 2013 to August 2013, and CEO of VivaKi Interactive from December 2011 to January 2013. Prior to his CEO roles, Mr. Lord held various positions at Razorfish, including as East Region President from August 2004 to January 2009, as Executive Vice President SBI-Razorfish from March 2003 to July 2004 and as Chief Operating Officer from January 2002 to February 2003. Prior to Razorfish, Mr. Lord held various positions in technology consulting and engineering. Mr. Lord is a member of the Nantucket Project Advisory Board. Mr. William Pence Mr. Pence, age 52, has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer since May 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Pence served as Executive Vice President and Chief Technology Officer from November 2007 to April 2014 and Chief Operating Officer from March 2012 to April 2014 of WebMD Health Corporation, a provider of Internet information, communities and reference material about health subjects. Prior to that, Mr. Pence served as Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Napster, Inc. from May 2003 to October 2007. From March 2001 to April 2003, Mr. Pence held the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of pressplay , A Universal Music Group/Sony Music Entertainment joint venture. Prior to that, Mr. Pence held the position of Senior Vice President and Chief Technology Officer of Universal Music Group and various technical positions at IBM Corporation. Mr. Bud Rosenthal Mr. Rosenthal, age 48, has served as Senior Vice President and Chief Executive Officer of the AOL Membership Group since July 2013. Prior to that, Mr. Rosenthal served in several capacities at AOL, including Senior Vice President of Membership, Paid Services and President, Paid Services from June 2010 to June 2013. Prior to joining AOL, Mr. Rosenthal served as President and CEO of TurnHere, a network platform of freelance filmmakers and photographers, from 2008 to 2010 and was Interim President and CEO of WorkMetro, an online employment agency, from 2007 to 2008. Mr. Rosenthal also served as Entrepreneur in Residence at Charles River Ventures in 2006 and prior to that held the positions of Vice President/General Manager at Rhapsody music 16 Table of Contents subscription service at RealNetworks, Inc. and Vice President at Yahoo! Inc. Mr. Rosenthal serves on the Board of Directors of PowerReviews LLC and was a co-founder of BigStep.com, a hosting and commerce platform company. 17 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The risks and uncertainties described below are those which we consider material and of which we are currently aware. In addition, this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should carefully read the section “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements”. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our common stock could materially decline. Risks Relating to Our Business Our focus on our online advertising-supported business model involves significant risks. Growth in our advertising revenues depends on our ability to maintain and expand our existing relationships with advertisers and publishers and our ability to develop new relationships with other advertisers and publishers. Growth in our advertising revenues also depends on our ability to continue offering effective products and services for advertisers and publishers. As the advertising market generates and develops new concepts and technology, we may incur additional costs to implement more effective products and services. As programmatic advertising gains traction with more advertisers and publishers, we continue to invest in and focus on our end-to-end open technology and programmatic platforms. Continuing to develop and improve these products and services may require significant time and additional investment. If we cannot continue to develop and improve our advertising products, services and technologies in a timely and cost-effective fashion, our competitive position and results of operations could be adversely affected. The commercial attractiveness of the programmatic advertising solutions that we offer to publishers and advertisers depends on a variety of complex and evolving factors, among them the successful integration of various components of our tech stack including technology and platforms from our recent acquisitions, the continued effective functioning and improvement of our proprietary learning algorithms, the continued ability to access and utilize relevant data about consumers and their consumption habits across multiple devices and, with respect to programmatic advertising exchange-related activities, continued automated access to the advertising inventory and application programming interfaces of publishers as well as continued robust relationships with brand advertisers and agencies. Our programmatic advertising solutions may become less attractive, and our results of operations may suffer, as a result of changes in laws and regulations and changes in industry standards generally. In addition, the following factors may further diminish the appeal of our programmatic advertising solutions and thereby negatively affect our results of operations: with respect to the availability of consumer data, changes in consumer choices; with respect to the functioning of our algorithms, the failure or inability to access, collect or analyze relevant data (for technological reasons or otherwise); and with respect to programmatic exchange activities, access to publisher inventory and relationships with advertisers and agencies, technological limitations or restrictions imposed by advertisers and publishers themselves. In order for us to increase advertising revenues in the future, we believe it will be important to increase our overall volume of advertising sold and to maintain or increase pricing for advertising. If we are not able to attract consumers to, and engage consumers with, those AOL Properties that typically generate higher-priced and higher-volume advertising, our advertising revenues may not increase even if the aggregate number of consumers on AOL Properties increases and their aggregate engagement increases. Additionally, there are different cost structures within our advertising business. In order to generate display advertising revenues on Third Party Properties, we incur TAC. While a majority of the costs associated with 18 Table of Contents generating display advertising on Third Party Properties are variable, a majority of costs associated with generating display advertising revenue on AOL Properties are fixed. Therefore, even if we generate higher display advertising revenues on Third Party Properties, because there are lower incremental margins associated with these sales, the increase in our operating income will be less than it would with an equivalent increase in display revenues on AOL Properties. Additionally, advertising revenues are more unpredictable and variable than our subscription revenues, and are more likely to be adversely affected during economic downturns, as spending by advertisers tends to be cyclical in line with general economic conditions. We face intense competition in all aspects of our business. The internet industry, with its low barriers to entry and rapidly shifting consumer tastes, is dynamic and rapidly evolving. Competition among internet companies offering online content, products and services, as well as with traditional offline content and advertising companies which are increasingly offering their own online content, products and services, is intense both domestically and globally and new competitors can quickly emerge. Additionally, as the use of programmatic advertising continues to increase, we compete with companies that have also invested in programmatic platform offerings. As companies integrate into larger, more comprehensive programmatic platforms, new competitors may arise and our business could be adversely affected if we do not continue to invest in, develop and improve our programmatic products and services. As consumers increasingly use mobile devices and as the demand for video content and advertising increases, we compete with other companies in developing and offering mobile and video content and advertising products and services. If consumers, advertisers and publishers do not widely adopt our mobile and video offerings or if we do not generate sufficient revenue from our mobile or video offerings, our competitive position could be adversely affected. In addition, companies offering services to advertisers are increasingly seeking to track individual consumer usage across devices through the use of tracking and data correlation technologies. To the extent companies with a larger audience reach than ours are able to track individual consumer usage in this way and gather data about consumers that is valuable to advertisers, those companies will have a competitive advantage. If we cannot develop and offer effective tracking and data correlation technologies or we do not have access to a sufficient consumer audience, our advertising products and services may not be as valuable to advertisers and publishers and our competitive position and results of operations may be harmed. Additionally, we could be at a competitive disadvantage in the long term if we are not able to capitalize on international opportunities, especially as compared to a number of our competitors who maintain an expansive global presence. If our competitors are more successful than we are in developing compelling content, products and services or in attracting and retaining consumers, advertisers, publishers and subscribers domestically and internationally, our business could be adversely affected. If we do not continue to develop and offer compelling content, products and services and attract new consumers or maintain the engagement of our existing consumers, our advertising revenues could be adversely affected. In order to attract consumers and maintain or increase engagement on AOL Properties, we believe we must offer compelling content, products and services across all devices, including mobile. Acquiring, developing and offering new content, products and services, as well as new functionality, features and enhanced performance of our existing content, products and services, may require significant investment and time to develop. In addition, consumer tastes are difficult to predict and subject to rapid change. In general, our subscribers are among the most engaged consumers on AOL Properties. As our subscriber base declines, it is advantageous to maintain the engagement of former AOL subscribers and increase the number and 19 Table of Contents engagement of other consumers on AOL Properties in order to successfully execute our business model. Additionally, consumer engagement on certain of the AOL Properties, such as AOL.com, has a significant impact on our operating results and we continue to focus on efforts to maintain or increase engagement on those properties. For example, we derive a significant portion of our search advertising revenue from search queries on AOL.com. If we are unable to develop online content, products and services that are attractive and relevant to AOL.com consumers, we may not be able to maintain or increase our existing consumers’ engagement on or attract new consumers to AOL.com and as a result our search advertising revenues may be adversely affected. Our subscriber base could decline faster than we currently anticipate which could result in a decrease in our subscription and advertising revenues. Our subscriber base has declined and is expected to continue to decline. This decline has been the result of several factors, including the increased availability of high-speed internet broadband connections and attractive bundled offerings by such broadband providers, the fact that a significant amount of online content, products and services has been optimized for use with broadband internet connections and the effects of our strategic shift to focus on generating advertising revenues, which resulted in us essentially eliminating our marketing efforts for our subscription access services and the free availability of the vast majority of our content, products and services. Although we provide many additional products and services as part of our subscription plans, there can be no assurance that our subscribers will value the bundles of services we offer and they may cancel their subscriptions at any time. If any of these factors result in our subscriber base declining faster than we currently anticipate, our subscription and advertising revenues could be adversely affected. We are dependent on a third-party search provider. We do not own or control a general web search service or search advertising system. Google is, except in certain limited circumstances, the exclusive provider of web search and search sponsored links on AOL Properties through December 31, 2015. For the year ended December 31, 2014, search advertising revenues comprised approximately 21% of our total advertising and other revenues. Changes that Google has made and may unilaterally make in the future to its search service or advertising network, including changes in its policies and guidelines, pricing, algorithms or advertising relationships, could adversely affect our advertising revenues. Additionally, a decline or an unfavorable change in our relationship with Google could materially affect our advertising revenues. In addition, if Google fails to perform its obligations under the search agreement or terminates the terms of the search agreement, it may have an adverse effect on our business. Upon expiration of our agreement with Google on December 31, 2015, there can be no assurance that the agreement will be renewed, or, if the agreement is renewed, that we would receive the same revenue share as we do under the current agreement. In addition, there can be no assurance that if we enter into an arrangement with an alternative search provider the terms would be as favorable as those under the current Google agreement. Even if we were to enter into an arrangement with an alternative search provider with terms as or more favorable than those under the current Google agreement, such an arrangement might generate significantly lower search advertising revenues. Changes to products, technology and services made by third parties and consumers could adversely affect our business. We are dependent on many products, technologies and services provided by third parties, including browsers, data and search indexes, in order for consumers to use our content, products and services, as well as to deliver, measure, render and report advertising. Any changes made by these third parties or consumers to functionality, features or settings of these products, technologies and services could adversely affect our business. For example, third parties may develop, and consumers may install, software that is used to block display or search advertisements or delete cookies, or consumers may elect to manually delete cookies more frequently. The widespread adoption of 20 Table of Contents products and technologies or changes to current products, technologies and services could adversely affect our business. We rely on legacy technology infrastructure and a failure to update, scale or replace this technology infrastructure could adversely affect our business. While we continue our efforts to update our technology infrastructure to minimize costs and maximize efficiencies, many of our products and services are dependent on technology infrastructure that was developed a number of years ago. The technology infrastructure utilized for our consumer offerings and advertising services is highly complex and may not provide satisfactory support as usage increases and products and services expand, change and become more complex in the future. In addition, we incur significant costs operating our business with multiple technology platforms and infrastructure. Updating and replacing our technology infrastructure may be challenging to implement and manage, may take time to test and deploy, may cause us to incur substantial costs and may cause us to suffer data loss or delays or interruptions in service which could adversely affect our business. Competitors with newer technology infrastructure may have greater flexibility and be in a position to respond more quickly than us to new opportunities, which could impact our competitive position in certain markets and adversely affect our business. If we are unable to hire, engage and retain key management and other personnel, our business could be adversely affected. Our future success depends in large part upon the continued service of key members of our management team and other personnel. If we do not succeed in retaining and engaging our key employees and in attracting new key personnel, we may be unable to meet our strategic objectives, including maintaining or building our most valuable brands and developing our end-to-end open programmatic platform, and, as a result, our business could be adversely affected. In particular, Tim Armstrong, our CEO, is critical to our overall management, as well as the development of our strategic direction and culture. We do not maintain any key-person life insurance policies. If we cannot effectively distribute our content, products and services, our ability to attract new customers and maintain the engagement of existing consumers could be adversely affected. As the behavior of internet consumers continues to change, distribution of our content, products and services via traditional methods may become less effective, and new distribution strategies may need to be developed. Consumers are increasingly using social networking sites to communicate and to acquire and disseminate information rather than through instant messaging, electronic mail and portals. As consumers migrate towards social networks, we continue to build social elements into our content, products and services in order to make them available on social networks and to attract and engage consumers on our properties, for example by allowing consumers to contribute comments or their own original content. There is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully integrate our content with such social networking or other new consumer trends. Even if we are able to distribute our content, products and services effectively through social networking or other new or developing distribution channels, this does not assure that we will be able to attract new consumers. Currently, an important distribution channel for AOL Properties is through our subscription services. However, our subscriber base has declined and is expected to continue to decline. This continued decline is likely to reduce the effectiveness of our subscription services as a distribution channel. In addition, certain of our websites, including the AOL home page portal and The Huffington Post, act as valuable distribution channels for other AOL Properties. If we are unable to grow organically by attracting new consumers directly to our content, products and services or if traffic to our portals declines or our portals are less successful as a distribution vehicle for other AOL Properties, we may need to rely on distribution channels that require us to pay significant fees to third parties such as operators of third-party websites, online networks, software companies, device manufacturers, and others to promote or supply our services to their users. 21 Table of Contents Previously, we entered into distribution agreements with computer manufacturers to install our products and services on their personal computers and laptops. We no longer regularly enter into such agreements and as consumers upgrade their hardware, our products and services may not be as easily accessible. Additionally, our products and services may not be compatible on or supported by new hardware. A decline in the traffic and engagement from these consumers could adversely affect our advertising and subscription revenue. To the extent that we cannot generate consumer and advertiser awareness and adoption of our mobile applications, content, products and services, including new forms of internet advertising for mobile and other internet enabled devices, our business could be adversely impacted. Global consumers are increasingly accessing and using the internet through devices other than personal computers, such as smartphones, tablets and televisions. As consumer usage shifts away from personal computers and laptops, we expect that our ability to grow advertising revenue will become increasingly dependent on our ability to generate revenue from ads on mobile and other internet enabled devices such as set-top boxes (e.g., Roku, Amazon Fire TV). In order for consumers to access and use our content, products and services via these devices, we must continue to ensure that our content, products and services are compatible with such devices. We need to continue to secure arrangements with device manufacturers and carriers to promote prominent and effective distribution of our content, products and services. In addition to placement agreements with wireless carriers and device manufacturers, currently we offer applications directly to consumers for download from AOL Properties, the Apple App Store, the Google Play Store, or through other distribution channels. We are dependent on the interoperability of our products with popular mobile operating systems that we do not control, such as Android and iOS. To the extent a manufacturer or access provider makes any changes in these systems or terms of service that decreases our products' functionality, gives preferential treatment to competitive products, or prevents our ability to show ads, this could adversely affect our usage and revenue on mobile devices. The amount of revenues earned in connection with mobile and other internet enabled devices is currently small relative to total advertising revenues. Also, business models in the marketplace seem to be undergoing experimentation and rapid change. A disruption or failure of our networks and information systems, the internet or other technology may disrupt our business. Our business is heavily dependent on the availability of network and information systems and services, other technologies, including those owned or licensed by third parties, and the internet. Shutdowns or service disruptions caused by events such as criminal activity, sabotage or espionage, computer viruses, hacking and other cyber-security attacks, router disruption, automated attacks such as denial of service attacks, power outages, natural disasters, accidents, terrorism, equipment failure or other events within or outside our control could adversely affect us and our consumers, including loss or compromise of data, service disruption, damage to equipment and data and excessive call volume to call centers. Furthermore, such attacks are not always able to be immediately detected, which means that we may not be in a position to promptly address the attacks or to implement adequate preventative measures. Such events could result in large expenditures necessary to recover data, or repair or replace such networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. As not all of our systems are fully redundant, some data or systems might not be recoverable after such events. In addition, not all of our systems operate in the same data centers. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of parts of our business, consumer dissatisfaction, damage to our brands, legal costs or liability, and a loss of consumers or revenues. 22 Table of Contents If our network and data security measures are breached, our products and services may be perceived as not being secure, consumers and customers may curtail or stop using our products and services and we may incur significant legal and financial costs. Our products and services involve the storage and transmission of our consumers’ and customers’ personal and proprietary information in our facilities and on our equipment, networks and corporate systems. Network and data security breaches expose us to a risk of loss of this information, government enforcement actions and private litigation, remediation costs, increased costs for security measures, loss of revenue, damage to our reputation and potential liability. Network and data security breaches or unauthorized access have resulted in, and may in the future result in, a combination of significant legal and financial costs, increased remediation and other costs, damage to our reputation and a loss of confidence in the security of our products, services and networks that could have an adverse effect on our business. We take steps to prevent unauthorized access to our network and consumer and customer data and corporate systems, however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently or may be designed to remain dormant until a triggering event, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise network and data security. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to gain access to our systems or facilities through fraud, trickery or other forms of deceiving our team members and contractors. We can give no assurance that a future incident could not be caused by events such as criminal activity, sabotage or espionage, computer viruses, hacking and other cyber-security attacks, router disruption, automated attacks such as denial of service attacks, power outages, natural disasters, accidents, terrorism, equipment failure, malware in advertisements, or other events within or outside our control which could adversely affect us and our consumers. As we previously disclosed, we have determined that there was a security incident in 2014 in which there was unauthorized access to information regarding a significant number of user accounts. This information included AOL users’ email addresses, postal addresses, address book contact information, encrypted passwords and encrypted answers to security questions that we ask when a user resets his or her password, as well as certain employee information. We believe that the individuals or entities have used this contact information to send “spoofed” emails that appeared to come from roughly 2% of our email accounts. We have no indication that the encryption on the passwords or on the answers to security questions was broken or that the incident resulted in disclosure of users’ financial information, including debit and credit cards, which is also fully encrypted. Our investigation of the security incident is complete and there is no indication that we have incurred or will incur a material loss associated with the security incident. If we cannot continue to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected. We rely on patent, copyright, trademark, domain name and trade secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries, as well as licenses and other agreements with our employees, consumers, content providers, suppliers and other parties, to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in the technology, content, products and services used in our operations. These laws and agreements may not guarantee that our intellectual property rights will be protected and our intellectual property rights could be challenged or invalidated. Amendments to or interpretations of U.S. patent laws or new rulings around U.S. patent laws may adversely impact our ability to protect our new technologies, content, products and services and to defend against claims of patent infringement. In addition, such intellectual property rights may not be sufficient to permit us to take advantage of current industry trends or otherwise to provide competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign efforts, discontinuance of offerings, decreased traffic and associated revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business. As we acquire and publish more original content, our intellectual property may be increasingly subject to misappropriation by others, and the costs to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may increase. Additionally, as new generic top-level domains launch, we will likely register a significant number of domain names 23 Table of Contents and initiate more enforcement actions in order to protect and defend the trademark rights in our brands, and we may incur significant costs as a result. We have been, and may in the future be, subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or tort law violations that could adversely affect our business. Many companies (including patent holding companies) and individuals own patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. As we develop and offer new products, services, and technologies through various distribution channels we may experience an increase in the number of intellectual property claims against us. These claims, whether meritorious or not, may result in litigation, may be time-consuming and costly to resolve, and may require expensive changes in our methods of doing business and/or our content, products and services. These intellectual property infringement claims may require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms or to incur substantial monetary liability. Additionally, these claims may result in our being enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of certain intellectual property and/or our content, products and services, or may require us to cease or significantly alter certain of our operations. The occurrence of any of these events as a result of these claims could result in substantially increased costs, could limit or reduce the number of our offerings to consumers, advertisers, publishers and AOL subscribers, could stifle innovation or otherwise adversely affect our business. Some of our commercial agreements may require us to indemnify third parties against intellectual property infringement claims, which may require us to use substantial resources to defend against or settle such claims or, potentially, to pay damages. These third parties may also discontinue the use of our products, services, and technologies, as a result of injunctions or otherwise, which could result in loss of revenues and adversely impact our business. Additionally, we may be exposed to liability or substantially increased costs if a commercial partner does not honor its contractual obligation to indemnify us for intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties or if any amounts received are not adequate to cover our liabilities or the costs associated with defense of such claims. The occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business. As a publisher of original content and aggregator of third party content, we also face risks of periodic tort claims such as defamation or improper use of publicity rights, as well as infringement claims such as plagiarism. Whether or not they have merit, these claims may be time-consuming or costly to resolve. The misappropriation, release, loss or misuse of AOL, consumer or other data could adversely affect our business. Our operations utilize significant amounts of data about our business, consumers, AOL subscribers and our advertising and publishing partners in order to deliver our content, products and services and our advertising solutions. Although we take measures to protect against unauthorized intrusion into such data, the misappropriation, release, loss or misuse of this data, whether by accident, omission or as the result of criminal activity, sabotage or espionage, hacking, computer viruses, natural disasters, terrorism, equipment failure or other events, could lead to negative publicity, harm to our reputation, customer dissatisfaction, regulatory enforcement actions or individual or class-action lawsuits or significant expenditures to recover the data or protect data from similar releases in the future, and may otherwise adversely affect our business. With respect to our AOL subscribers, if we or other companies experience any unauthorized intrusion into subscribers’ or customers’ data, our subscribers may not be willing to provide the information necessary for them to continue their subscription, and our business could be adversely affected. Additionally, many of our subscribers pay by credit or debit card. Data breaches at other companies have resulted and could in the future result in card cancellations of some of our subscribers. To the extent we do not receive updated payment information for these subscribers, the rate of our subscriber base decline could increase. Furthermore, as not all of our systems are fully redundant, some data or systems might not be recoverable in a catastrophic event or other significant service disruption. 24 Table of Contents New or existing federal, state or international laws or regulations or industry self-regulatory principles applicable to our business or the lack of regulations could subject us to claims or otherwise adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to a variety of federal, state and international laws and regulations and industry self-regulatory principles, including those with respect to consumer privacy, advertising generally, consumer protection, content regulation, network neutrality, cyber security, data protection, intellectual property (including copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws), defamation, child protection, advertising to and collecting information from children, taxation, employment classification, billing, subpoena and warrant processes and others. These laws, regulations and principles and the interpretation or application of these laws, regulations and principles could change. In addition, new laws, regulations or principles affecting our business could be enacted. Furthermore, many laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and related technologies or have an unsettled application or scope with respect to the internet and related technologies and therefore their application on our business is often uncertain. Additionally, as our business evolves, we may be subject to new laws and the application of existing laws to us might change. These laws, regulations and principles are frequently costly to comply with and may divert a significant portion of management’s attention. If we fail to comply with these applicable laws, regulations or principles, we could receive negative publicity and be subject to significant liabilities which could adversely affect our business. In the United States, internet access services are generally classified as “information services” and, since open internet rules promulgated in 2010 have been struck down by the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, are not subject to regulation by the Federal Communications Commission (“FCC”). The FCC has voted to reclassify internet access services as "telecommunications services" under Title II of the Telecommunications Act, which will subject internet service providers ("ISPs") to regulation that may restrict such providers from blocking or discriminating against content, but we do not know whether the rules implemented as a result of this vote will be adequate to prevent such conduct. Broadband providers have threatened litigation to challenge this action. In addition, Congress is considering legislation that would impose open internet protection, but it is unclear when Congress may take such action or whether that action will be successful. Currently the uncertainty of regulation or legislation preventing broadband ISPs from blocking or discriminating against our content could adversely affect our business. Many of our advertising partners are subject to industry specific laws and regulations or licensing requirements, including advertisers in the following industries: pharmaceuticals, online gaming, alcohol, adult content, tobacco, firearms, insurance, securities brokerage, real estate, sweepstakes, free trial offers, automatic renewal services and legal services. If any of our advertising partners fails to comply with any of these licensing requirements or other applicable laws or regulations, or if such laws and regulations or licensing requirements become more stringent or are otherwise expanded, we could receive negative publicity, incur significant penalties or our business could be otherwise adversely affected. Failure to comply with federal, state or international privacy laws or regulations, or the expansion of current or the enactment of new privacy laws or regulations, could adversely affect our business. A variety of federal, state and international laws and regulations govern the collection, use, retention, sharing and security of consumer data. In addition to the potentially differing interpretations of existing law, the present landscape of public policy and privacy creates uncertainty for business planning. In such an uncertain environment, it is difficult to make informed long-term business planning decisions about data use, notice, storage, access, retention or choice. The existing privacy-related laws and regulations as well as industry self-regulatory principles are evolving and subject to potentially differing interpretations. There is a possibility that these laws may be interpreted in a way that is inconsistent with our practices. In addition, various federal, state and foreign legislative and regulatory bodies may expand current or enact new laws regarding data protection and privacy matters. We have posted privacy policies and practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure of user data on our websites. Any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with our posted privacy policies or with any data-related consent 25 Table of Contents orders, Federal Trade Commission requirements or orders or other federal, state or international privacy or consumer protection-related laws, regulations or industry self-regulatory principles could result in claims, proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others or other liabilities, or could result in us having to change our data collection practices, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, a failure or perceived failure to comply with industry standards or with our own privacy policies and procedures could result in a loss of consumers or advertisers and adversely affect our business. Federal, state and international governmental authorities continue to evaluate the privacy implications inherent in the use of cookies and a variety of other data correlation technologies for advertising and measurement. Our data management platform is designed to be a comprehensive suite of advertising technologies that will deploy tracking and data correlation technologies, the regulation of which could adversely affect our business. Any restructuring actions and cost reduction initiatives that we undertake may not deliver the expected results and these actions may adversely affect our business operations. We have undertaken and expect to continue to undertake various restructuring activities and cost reduction initiatives in an effort to better align our organizational structure and costs with our strategy. In connection with such activities, we may experience a disruption in our ability to perform functions important to our strategy. Such activities could result in significant disruptions to our operations, including adversely affecting the timeliness of product releases, the successful implementation and completion of our strategic objectives and the results of our operations. If we do not fully realize or maintain the anticipated benefits of this or any restructuring plans and cost reduction initiatives, our business could be adversely affected. The terms of our revolving credit facility contain restrictive covenants which limit our business and financing activities. The terms of our revolving credit facility include customary covenants which impose restrictions on our business and financing activities, subject to certain exceptions or the consent of our lenders including, among other things, limits on our ability to incur additional debt, create liens, enter into merger, acquisition and divestiture transactions, pay dividends and engage in transactions with affiliates. The credit facility contains certain customary affirmative covenants, including a requirement that we maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio, and customary events of default. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be adversely affected by events beyond our control, including economic, financial and industry conditions. A breach of any of the credit facility covenants, including a failure to maintain a required ratio or meet a required test, may result in an event of default. This may allow our lenders to terminate the commitments under the credit facility, declare all amounts outstanding under the credit facility (if any), together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable and exercise other rights and remedies. If this occurs, we may not be able to refinance the accelerated indebtedness on acceptable terms, or at all, or otherwise repay the accelerated indebtedness. We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the Notes in cash, repay the Notes at maturity or repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change. Holders of our Notes have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Notes being converted. Moreover, we will be required to repay the Notes in cash at their maturity, unless earlier converted or repurchased. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to Notes being converted or at their maturity. 26 Table of Contents In addition, our ability to repurchase or to pay cash upon conversion or at maturity of the Notes may be limited by law, regulatory authority or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the Indenture or to pay cash upon conversion or at maturity of the Notes as required by the Indenture would constitute a default under the Indenture. A default under the Indenture for the Notes or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under our credit facility or agreements governing our future indebtedness. Moreover, the occurrence of a fundamental change under the Indenture could constitute an event of default under any such agreements. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion or at maturity of the Notes. The conditional conversion feature of our outstanding Notes, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. In the event the conditional conversion feature of our Notes is triggered, holders of the Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. Our outstanding Notes may be settled in cash, and the accounting method for such convertible debt securities could have a material effect on our reported financial results. In accordance with US GAAP accounting guidance for convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash upon conversion, we must separately account for the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) in a manner that reflects our economic interest cost. The equity component of such instruments is required to be included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders’ equity on our consolidated balance sheets at the issuance date and the value of the equity component is treated as debt discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component of the Notes. As a result, we expect to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the Notes to their face amount over the term of the Notes. We will report lower net income (or larger net losses) in our financial results because accounting guidance requires interest to include both the amortization of the debt discount and the instrument’s non-convertible coupon interest rate, which could adversely affect our future financial results and the trading price of our common stock. In addition, under certain circumstances, convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partly in cash are currently accounted for utilizing the treasury stock method, the effect of which is that any shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes are not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of the Notes exceeds their principal amount. Under the treasury stock method, for diluted earnings per share purposes, the transaction is accounted for as if the number of shares of common stock that would be necessary to settle such excess, if we elected to settle such excess in shares, are issued. We cannot be sure that the accounting standards in the future will continue to permit the use of the treasury stock method. If we are unable to use the treasury stock method in accounting for the shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes, then our diluted earnings per share would be adversely affected. In addition, our diluted earnings per share would also be adversely affected if the market price of our common stock increases such that the conversion rights of the Notes are triggered, or the market price of our common stock exceeds the applicable strike price of the warrants we issued in conjunction with the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions and become “in the money,” then our diluted earnings per share would also be adversely affected. 27 Table of Contents Future sales of our common stock or other securities convertible into our common stock could lower the market price for our common stock. In the future, we may issue or sell additional shares of our common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock. In addition, a substantial number of shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance in connection with our employee benefit plans, for purchase by employees under our employee stock purchase plan, upon conversion of our outstanding convertible notes and in relation to the convertible note hedge and warrant transactions we entered into in connection with the issuance of the convertible notes. We cannot predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if any, that they may have on the market price for our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the value of our common stock. In August 2014, we entered into convertible note hedge transactions with certain option counterparties. We also entered into warrant transactions with the option counterparties pursuant to which we will sell warrants for the purchase of our common stock. The convertible note hedge transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common stock upon any conversion of our outstanding Notes and/or offset any cash payments we are required to make in excess of the principal amount upon conversion of any Notes. The warrant transactions could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock exceeds the strike price of the relevant warrants. The option counterparties or their respective affiliates may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Notes (and are likely to do so during any observation period related to a conversion of Notes or following any repurchase of notes by us in connection with any fundamental change repurchase date or otherwise). This activity could also cause or avoid an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common stock. We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. The option counterparties for our convertible note hedge transactions are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that one or more of such option counterparties may default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. If any option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the convertible note hedge transaction. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in our common stock market price and in volatility of our common stock. In addition, upon a default by the option counterparty, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and dilution with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurance as to the financial stability or viability of any option counterparty. The terms of our outstanding Notes, Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation, bylaws and stockholder rights plan could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of us, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. The holders of our Notes have the right, at their option, to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes if a fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date of the Notes. In addition, if a make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date of the Notes, we will in some cases be required to increase the conversion rate for a holder that elects to convert its Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. Furthermore, the indenture for the Notes prohibits us from engaging in certain mergers or acquisitions 28 Table of Contents unless, among other things, the surviving entity assumes our obligations under the Notes. These and other provisions in the indenture could discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us. Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law also may discourage, delay, or prevent a third party from acquiring us by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. These provisions include the following: • the ability of our board of directors to create and issue preferred stock without prior stockholder approval; • the prohibition of stockholder action by written consent; • advance notice requirements for director nominations and stockholder proposals; • the ability of the board of directors to increase or decrease the number of directors without stockholder approval; • the requirement that only stockholders holding not less than 40% of the voting power of our common stock may call special meetings of stockholders; and • the ability of the board of directors to make, amend or repeal our bylaws. We also have a stockholder rights plan that could discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us without the approval of our board of directors. Our stockholder rights plan has been filed with and is publicly available at or from the SEC. These provisions could also delay or prevent a change in control of the Company, discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing or to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which could depress the market price of our common stock. We may need to raise additional capital, and we cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. We have funded our ongoing working capital, capital expenditure and financing requirements through cash flows from operations, asset dispositions, borrowings under the Credit Facility Agreement and proceeds from the issuance of the Notes; however, we may require additional financing in the future. Our ability to obtain future financing will depend on, among other things, our financial condition and results of operations as well as the condition of the capital markets or other credit markets at the time we seek financing. Our ability to fund our working capital, capital expenditure and financing requirements in the future may be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain financing on acceptable terms. If we are unable to enter into the necessary financing arrangements or sufficient funds are not available on acceptable terms when required, we may not have sufficient liquidity and our business may be adversely affected. 29 Table of Contents Acquisitions of other businesses could adversely affect our operations and result in unanticipated liabilities. Since January 1, 2014, we acquired companies such as Gravity, Convertro and Vidible and we may make additional acquisitions and strategic investments in the future. The completion of acquisitions and strategic investments as well as the integration of acquired companies or assets involve a substantial commitment of resources and we may fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such transactions and incur unanticipated liabilities that could harm our business. In addition, past or future transactions may be accompanied by a number of risks, including: • the uncertainty of our returns on investment due to the new and developing industries in which some of the acquired companies operate; • the adverse effect of known potential liabilities or unknown liabilities, such as claims of patent or other intellectual property infringement, associated with the companies acquired or in which we invest; • the difficulty of integrating technology, administrative systems, personnel and operations of acquired companies into our services, systems and operations and unanticipated expenses related to such integration; • the potential loss or disengagement of key talent at acquired companies; • the potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management; • additional operating losses and expenses of the businesses we acquire or in which we invest and the failure of such businesses to perform as expected; • the failure to successfully further develop acquired technology, resulting in the impairment of amounts currently capitalized as intangible assets; • the difficulty of reconciling potentially conflicting or overlapping contractual rights and duties; and • the potential impairment of relationships with consumers, partners and employees as a result of the combination of acquired operations and new management personnel. We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our business. Our business operates and serves consumers globally. There are certain risks inherent in doing business internationally, including: • economic volatility and global economic uncertainty; • currency exchange rate fluctuations; • the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising; • uncertain protection and enforcement of our investment or intellectual property rights; • import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations; • difficulties in developing, staffing and simultaneously managing a large number of foreign operations as a result of distance as well as language and cultural differences; • issues related to occupational safety and adherence to local labor laws and regulations; 30 Table of Contents • political or social unrest; • risks related to government regulation; • the existence in some countries of statutory stockholder minority rights and restrictions on foreign direct ownership; • the presence of corruption in certain countries; and • higher than anticipated costs of entry. One or more of these factors could adversely affect our business. International expansion involves increased investment as well as risks associated with doing business abroad, as described above. In certain instances, we have expanded internationally through joint ventures, and our inability to control certain aspects of a joint venture partnership may impact the development and expansion of our offerings. Furthermore, investments in some regions can take a long period to generate an adequate return. In addition, as we expand into new international regions, we may have limited experience in operating and marketing our products and services in such regions and could be at a disadvantage compared to competitors with more experience. We could be subject to additional tax liabilities which could adversely affect our business. International, federal, state and local tax laws and regulations affecting our business are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. These tax laws and regulations, or interpretations or application of these tax laws and regulations, could change; or new laws and regulations affecting our business could be enacted. Additionally, existing laws such as the Internet Tax Freedom Act (“ITFA”), which exempts internet access from taxation by all but a few states and which has been extended until October 1, 2015, could expire, thereby imposing additional tax collection and remittance obligations that, in turn, may require significant resources to implement. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. Several taxing jurisdictions have sought to increase revenue by imposing new taxes on advertising generally, and internet advertising specifically, or by increasing general business taxes. Imposing new taxes on advertising or internet advertising would adversely affect us. Other states have sought to expand the definition of “nexus” for the purpose of taxing goods and services sold over the internet. If enacted, these new taxes would adversely affect our consumers and, as a result, could adversely affect our business. We may not be able to utilize our tax attributes to offset future U.S. taxable income. We believe that we have valuable tax attributes that are significant assets of the Company. Unless otherwise restricted, we can utilize these tax assets in certain circumstances to offset future U.S. taxable income, including in connection with capital gains that may be generated from a potential asset sale. Our ability to use the tax assets could be limited and the timing of the usage of the tax assets could be substantially delayed if we experience an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. A company generally experiences an “ownership change” for tax purposes if the percentage of stock owned by its 5% stockholders (as defined for tax purposes) increases by more than 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period. To help protect shareholder value and preserve our ability to use the tax assets, our Board of Directors (the “Board”) adopted a Tax Asset Protection Plan (the “TAPP”) to act as a deterrent to any person acquiring beneficial ownership of 4.9% or more of our outstanding common stock without the approval of the Board. Notwithstanding the adoption of the TAPP, we cannot eliminate the possibility that an “ownership change” will occur. The amount by which our ownership may change in the future could, for example, be affected by purchases and sales of stock by stockholders and repurchases of stock by us, should we choose to do so. If the TAPP is not effective in preventing an ownership change our ability to use the tax assets to offset taxable income may be reduced or eliminated. Even if the TAPP is effective in preventing an ownership change, we will only be able to utilize these tax assets to the extent we generate taxable 31 Table of Contents income and the taxing authorities do not challenge the amount of our tax assets or otherwise make an adverse determination regarding our ability to use these assets, and therefore we are not able to guarantee that the tax assets will be valuable to us in the future. Risks Relating to our Common Stock and the Securities Market Our stock price may fluctuate significantly. Our stock price has fluctuated significantly over the last two years and may fluctuate significantly in the future depending on many factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results due to factors related to our business; • success or failure of our business strategy; • our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; • our ability to obtain financing as needed; • announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; • changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; • changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; • the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; • overall market fluctuations; • changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; and • general economic conditions and other external factors. Stock markets in general have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company. These broad market fluctuations could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. When the market price of a company’s stock fluctuates significantly, shareholders may institute securities class action litigation against that company. Any litigation against us could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert the time and attention of our management and other resources or otherwise harm our business. 