” in this report and other cautionary statements and information set forth in
this report should be carefully considered and understood as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements contained
in this report, when evaluating the business prospects of the Company and its subsidiaries. Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of performance. By their nature, they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The future results
and shareholder values may differ significantly from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not
to put undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. Any such statement speaks only as of the date of this report, and in the
case of any documents that may be incorporated by reference, as of the date of those documents. We do not undertake any obligation
to update or release any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report any new information, future event or other circumstances
after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. However, your attention
is directed to any further disclosures made on related subjects in our subsequent reports filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”) on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Introduction American
River Bankshares (the “Company”) is a bank holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956,
as amended. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the State of California in 1995. As a bank holding company, the Company
is authorized to engage in the activities permitted under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and regulations thereunder.
Its principal office is located at 3100 Zinfandel Drive, Suite 450, Rancho Cordova, California 95670 and its telephone number
is (916) 851-0123. The Company
owns 100% of the issued and outstanding common shares of its banking subsidiary, American River Bank, and American River Financial,
a California corporation which has been inactive since its incorporation in 2003. American
River Bank was incorporated and commenced business in Fair Oaks, California, in 1983 and thereafter moved its headquarters to
Sacramento, California in 1985. American River Bank operates four full service offices in Sacramento County including the main
office located at 1545 River Park Drive, Suite 107, Sacramento and branch offices in Sacramento and Gold River; one full service
office in Placer County, located in Roseville; two full service offices in Sonoma County in Healdsburg and Santa Rosa; and three
full service offices in Amador County in Jackson, Pioneer, and Ione. In addition, American River Bank operates a loan production
office located in Santa Clara County. In 2000, North Coast Bank was acquired by the Company as a separate bank subsidiary. Effective
December 31, 2003, North Coast Bank was merged with and into American River Bank. On December 3, 2004, the Company acquired Bank
of Amador located in Jackson, California. Bank of Amador was merged with and into American River Bank. American
River Bank’s deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) up to applicable legal
limits. On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank
Act”). The Dodd-Frank Act includes a permanent increase to $250,000 as the maximum FDIC insurance limit per depositor retroactive
to January 1, 2008 and the extension of unlimited FDIC insurance for noninterest-bearing transaction accounts effective December
31, 2010 through December 31, 2012. On November 9, 2010, the FDIC implemented a final rule to permanently increase the maximum
insurance limit to $250,000 under the Dodd-Frank Act. The unlimited insurance coverage for noninterest-bearing transaction accounts
was not extended and terminated on December 31, 2012. The $250,000 maximum deposit insurance amount per depositor remains in effect. American
River Bank does not offer trust services or international banking services and does not plan to do so in the near future. American
River Bank’s primary business is serving the commercial banking needs of small to mid-sized businesses within those counties
listed above. American River Bank accepts checking and savings deposits, offers money market deposit accounts and certificates
of deposit, makes secured and unsecured commercial, secured real estate, and other installment and term loans and offers other
customary banking services. American River Bank also conducts lease financing for most types of business equipment, from computer
software to heavy earth-moving equipment. American River Bank owns 100% of two inactive companies, ARBCO and American River Mortgage.
ARBCO was formed in 1984 to conduct real estate development and has been inactive since 1995. American River Mortgage has been
inactive since its formation in 1994. 4 During
2014, the Company conducted no significant activities other than holding the shares of its subsidiaries. However, it is authorized,
with the prior approval of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the “Board of Governors”), the Company’s
principal regulator, to engage in a variety of activities which are deemed closely related to the business of banking. The common
stock of the Company is registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and is listed and traded on the Nasdaq
Global Select Market under the symbol “AMRB.” At December
31, 2014, the Company had consolidated assets of $618 million, deposits of $511 million and shareholders’ equity of $90 million. General The Company
is a regional bank holding company headquartered in Sacramento, California. The principal communities served are located in Sacramento,
Placer, Yolo, El Dorado, Sonoma, and Amador counties. In addition, the Company serves Alameda, Contra Costa and Santa Clara Counties
through a loan production office located in the City of San Jose. The Company generates most of its revenue by providing a wide
range of products and services to small and middle-market businesses and individuals. The Company’s principal source of
revenue comes from interest income. Interest income is derived from interest and fees on loans and leases, interest on investments
(principally government securities), and Federal funds sold (funds loaned on a short-term basis to other banks). For the year
ended December 31, 2014, these sources comprised 68.3%, 21.7%, and zero, respectively, of the Company’s interest income. American
River Bank’s deposits are not received from a single depositor or group of affiliated depositors, the loss of any one of
which would have a materially adverse effect on the business of the Company. A material portion of American River Bank’s
deposits are not concentrated within a single industry or group of related industries. As of
December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, American River Bank held $29,000,000 in certificates of deposit for the State of California.
In connection with these deposits, American River Bank is generally required to pledge securities to secure such deposits, except
for the first $250,000 insured by the FDIC. Based
on the most recent information made available by the FDIC through June 30, 2014, American River Bank competes with approximately
34 other banking or savings institutions in Sacramento County, 28 in Placer County, 18 in Sonoma County and 6 in Amador County.
American River Bank’s market share of FDIC insured deposits in the service areas of Sacramento County was 1.0%, in Placer
County was approximately 0.6%, in Sonoma County was approximately 0.7%, and in Amador County was approximately 14.8% (based upon
the most recent information made available by the FDIC through June 30, 2014). Employees At December
31, 2014, the Company and its subsidiaries employed 106 persons on a full-time equivalent basis. The Company believes its employee
relations are good. Website
Access The Company
maintains a website where certain information about the Company is posted. Through the website, its Annual Report on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments thereto, as well as Section 16 Reports and amendments
thereto, are available as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the
SEC. These reports are free of charge and can be accessed through the address www.americanriverbank.com by accessing the Investor Relations link, then the SEC Filings link located at that address. Once you have selected the SEC Filings link you will have the option to access the Section 16 Reports or the reports filed on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K by the Company
by selecting the appropriate link. 5 Supervision
and Regulation General The common
stock of the Company is subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the qualification
requirements of the California Corporate Securities Law of 1968, as amended. The Company is also subject to the periodic reporting
requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which include, but are not limited to, annual,
quarterly and other current reports with the SEC. American River
Bank is licensed by the California Commissioner of the Department of Business Oversight (the “Commissioner”), and
its deposits are insured by the FDIC up to the applicable legal limits. On November 9, 2010, the FDIC implemented a final
rule under the Dodd-Frank Act to permanently increase the maximum insurance limit to $250,000 per depositor which remains in effect;
however, the Dodd-Frank Act provision to permit unlimited insurance for noninterest-bearing transaction accounts expired on December
31, 2012. American River Bank has chosen not to become a member of the Federal Reserve System. Consequently, American
River Bank is subject to the supervision of, and is regularly examined by, the Commissioner and the FDIC. The supervision
and regulation includes comprehensive reviews of all major aspects of American River Bank’s business and condition, including
its capital ratios, allowance for possible loan and lease losses and other factors. However, no inference should be drawn
that such authorities have approved any such factors. American River Bankshares and American River Bank are required to
file reports with the Board of Governors, the Commissioner, and the FDIC and provide any additional information that the Board
of Governors, the Commissioner, and the FDIC may require. On July
3, 2012, the California Legislature approved and adopted a reorganization plan proposed by Governor Jerry Brown that would restructure
the California government with the goal of achieving more efficient, streamlined and cost-effective government. As part of the
reorganization plan, the California Department of Financial Institutions (“DFI”) and the California Department of
Corporations (“DOC”) were merged into a newly created Department of Business Oversight (“DBO”) with a
single commissioner in charge of the DBO. Effective July 1, 2013, the former DFI and DOC became the Division of Financial Institutions
and the Division of Corporations, respectively, under the DBO. It is uncertain what effect such reorganization plan may have upon
regulation of American River Bank in the future. American
River Bankshares is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (the “Bank
Holding Company Act”), and is registered as such with, and subject to the supervision of, the Board of Governors. The Company
is required to obtain the approval of the Board of Governors before it may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any
bank, or ownership or control of the voting shares of any bank if, after giving effect to such acquisition of shares, the Company
would own or control more than 5% of the voting shares of such bank. The Bank Holding Company Act prohibits the Company from acquiring
any voting shares of, or interest in, all or substantially all of the assets of, a bank located outside the State of California
unless such an acquisition is specifically authorized by the laws of the state in which such bank is located. Any such interstate
acquisition is also subject to applicable California and federal law. The Company,
and any subsidiaries which it may acquire or organize, are deemed to be “affiliates” within the meaning of that term
as defined in the Federal Reserve Act. This means, for example, that there are limitations (a) on loans by American River Bank
to affiliates, and (b) on investments by American River Bank in affiliates’ stock as collateral for loans to any borrower. The
Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to certain restrictions with respect to engaging in the underwriting, public sale
and distribution of securities. In addition,
regulations of the Board of Governors under the Federal Reserve Act require that reserves be maintained by American River Bank
in conjunction with any liability of the Company under any obligation (promissory note, acknowledgement of advance, banker’s acceptance
or similar obligation) with a weighted average maturity of less than seven (7) years to the extent that the proceeds of such obligations
are used for the purpose of supplying funds to American River Bank for use in its banking business, or to maintain the availability
of such funds. 6 Capital
Standards Risk-Based
Capital . The Board of Governors and the FDIC have adopted risk-based capital guidelines for evaluating the capital adequacy
of bank holding companies and banks. The guidelines are designed to make capital requirements sensitive to differences in risk
profiles among banking organizations, to take into account off-balance sheet exposures and to aid in making the definition of
bank capital uniform internationally. Under the guidelines, American River Bankshares and American River Bank are required to
maintain capital equal to at least 8.0% of its assets and commitments to extend credit, weighted by risk, of which at least 4.0%
must consist primarily of common equity (including retained earnings) and the remainder may consist of subordinated debt, cumulative
preferred stock, or a limited amount of loan and lease loss reserves. Assets,
commitments to extend credit, and off-balance sheet items are categorized according to risk and certain assets considered to present
less risk than others permit maintenance of capital at less than the 8% ratio. For example, most home mortgage loans are placed
in a 50% risk category and therefore require maintenance of capital equal to 4% of those loans, while commercial loans are placed
in a 100% risk category and therefore require maintenance of capital equal to 8% of those loans. Under
the risk-based capital guidelines, assets reported on an institution’s balance sheet and certain off-balance sheet items
are assigned to risk categories, each of which has an assigned risk weight. Capital ratios are calculated by dividing the institution’s
qualifying capital by its period-end risk-weighted assets. The guidelines establish two categories of qualifying capital: Tier
1 capital (defined to include common shareholders’ equity and noncumulative perpetual preferred stock) and Tier 2 capital
which includes, among other items, limited life (and in the case of banks, cumulative) preferred stock, mandatory convertible
securities, subordinated debt and a limited amount of reserve for credit losses. Tier 2 capital may also include up to 45% of
the pretax net unrealized gains on certain available-for-sale equity securities having readily determinable fair values (i.e.,
the excess, if any, of fair market value over the book value or historical cost of the investment security). The federal regulatory
agencies reserve the right to exclude all or a portion of the unrealized gains upon a determination that the equity securities
are not prudently valued. Unrealized gains and losses on other types of assets, such as bank premises and available-for-sale debt
securities, are not included in Tier 2 capital, but may be taken into account in the evaluation of overall capital adequacy and
net unrealized losses on available-for-sale equity securities will continue to be deducted from Tier 1 capital as a cushion against
risk. Each institution is required to maintain a minimum risk-based capital ratio (including Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital) of 8%,
of which at least half must be Tier 1 capital. A leverage
capital standard was adopted as a supplement to the risk-weighted capital guidelines. Under the leverage capital standard, an
institution is required to maintain a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to the sum of its quarterly average total assets and quarterly
average reserve for loan losses, less intangible assets not included in Tier 1 capital. Period-end assets may be used in place
of quarterly average total assets on a case-by-case basis. The Board of Governors and the FDIC have also adopted a minimum leverage
ratio for bank holding companies as a supplement to the risk-weighted capital guidelines. The leverage ratio establishes a minimum
Tier 1 ratio of 3% (Tier 1 capital to total assets) for the highest rated bank holding companies or those that have implemented
the risk-based capital market risk measure. All other bank holding companies must maintain a minimum Tier 1 leverage ratio of
4% with higher leverage capital ratios required for bank holding companies that have significant financial and/or operational
weakness, a high risk profile, or are undergoing or anticipating rapid growth. Effective
January 1, 2015, the risk-based capital regulations are amended to the extent described below in “ Basel III - New Capital
and Prompt Corrective Action Regulations .” Basel III
– New Capital and Prompt Corrective Action Regulations . In July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued interim
final rules that revise and replace the current risk-based capital requirements in order to implement the “Basel III”
regulatory capital reforms released by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and changes required by the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. The Basel III reforms reflected in the final rules include an increase in the
risk-based capital requirements and certain changes to capital components and the calculation of risk-weighted assets. Effective January
1, 2015, banking organizations like the Company and American River Bank must comply with new minimum capital ratio requirements
to be phased-in between January 1, 2015 and January 1, 2019, which would consist of the following: (i) a new common equity Tier
1 capital to total risk weighted assets ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 capital to total risk weighted assets ratio of 6% (increased
from 4%); (iii) a total capital to total risk weighted assets ratio of 8% (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 capital
to adjusted average total assets (“leverage”) ratio of 4%. 7 In addition,
a “capital conservation buffer,” is established which when fully phased-in will require maintenance of a minimum of
2.5% of common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk weighted assets in excess of the regulatory minimum capital ratio requirements
described above. The 2.5% buffer will increase the minimum capital ratios to (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%,
(ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%, and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5%. The new buffer requirement will be phased-in between
January 1, 2016 and January 1, 2019. If the capital ratio levels of a banking organization fall below the capital conservation
buffer amount, the organization will be subject to limitations on (i) the payment of dividends; (ii) discretionary bonus payments;
(iii) discretionary payments under Tier 1 instruments; and (iv) engaging in share repurchases. The federal bank
regulatory agencies also implemented changes to the prompt corrective action framework, which is designed to place restrictions
on insured depository institutions if their capital ratios begin to show signs of weakness. These changes will take effect beginning
January 1, 2015 and will require insured depository institutions to meet the following increased capital ratio requirements in
order to qualify as “well capitalized:” (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 capital
ratio of 8%; (iii) a total capital ratio of 10%; and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 5%. See also the additional discussion below
under “Prompt Corrective Action.” Based upon the
Company’s capital position at December 31, 2014, management believes that the Company and American River Bank would have
been in compliance with the minimum capital requirements, including the fully phased-in capital conservation buffer requirement. Prompt
Corrective Action The Board
of Governors and the FDIC have adopted regulations implementing a system of prompt corrective action pursuant to Section 38 of
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Section 131 of the FDIC Improvement Act of 1991 (“FDICIA”). The regulations
establish five capital categories with the following characteristics: (1) “Well capitalized” - consisting of institutions
with a total risk-based capital ratio of 10% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6% or greater and a leverage ratio
of 5% or greater, and the institution is not subject to an order, written agreement, capital directive or prompt corrective action
directive; (2) “Adequately capitalized” - consisting of institutions with a total risk-based capital ratio of 8% or
greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4% or greater and a leverage ratio of 4% or greater, and the institution does not
meet the definition of a “well capitalized” institution; (3) “Undercapitalized” - consisting of institutions
with a total risk-based capital ratio less than 8%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4%, or a leverage ratio of
less than 4%; (4) “Significantly undercapitalized” - consisting of institutions with a total risk-based capital ratio
of less than 6%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 3%, or a leverage ratio of less than 3%; (5) “Critically
undercapitalized” - consisting of an institution with a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is equal to or less
than 2%. The regulations
established procedures for classification of financial institutions within the capital categories, filing and reviewing capital
restoration plans required under the regulations and procedures for issuance of directives by the appropriate regulatory agency,
among other matters. The regulations impose restrictions upon all institutions to refrain from certain actions which would cause
an institution to be classified within any one of the three “undercapitalized” categories, such as declaration of
dividends or other capital distributions or payment of management fees, if following the distribution or payment the institution
would be classified within one of the “undercapitalized” categories. In addition, institutions which are classified
in one of the three “undercapitalized” categories are subject to certain mandatory and discretionary supervisory actions.
Mandatory supervisory actions include (1) increased monitoring and review by the appropriate federal banking agency; (2) implementation
of a capital restoration plan; (3) total asset growth restrictions; and (4) limitations upon acquisitions, branch expansion, and
new business activities without prior approval of the appropriate federal banking agency. Discretionary supervisory actions may
include (1) requirements to augment capital; (2) restrictions upon affiliate transactions; (3) restrictions upon deposit gathering
activities and interest rates paid; (4) replacement of senior executive officers and directors; (5) restrictions upon activities
of the institution and its affiliates; (6) requiring divestiture or sale of the institution; and (7) any other supervisory action
that the appropriate federal banking agency determines is necessary to further the purposes of the regulations. Further, the federal
banking agencies may not accept a capital restoration plan without determining, among other things, that the plan is based on
realistic assumptions and is likely to succeed in restoring the depository institution’s capital. In addition, for a capital restoration
plan to be acceptable, the depository institution’s parent holding company must guarantee that the institution will comply with
such capital restoration plan. The aggregate liability of the parent holding company under the guaranty is limited to the lesser
of (i) an amount equal to 5 percent of the depository institution’s total assets at the time it became undercapitalized, and (ii)
the amount that is necessary (or would have been necessary) to bring the institution into compliance with all capital standards
applicable with respect to such institution as of the time it fails to comply with the plan. If a depository institution fails
to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it were “significantly undercapitalized.” FDICIA also restricts
the solicitation and acceptance of and interest rates payable on brokered deposits by insured depository institutions that are
not “well capitalized.” An “undercapitalized” institution is not allowed to solicit deposits by offering
rates of interest that are significantly higher than the prevailing rates of interest on insured deposits in the particular institution’s
normal market areas or in the market areas in which such deposits would otherwise be accepted. 8 Any financial
institution which is classified as “critically undercapitalized” must be placed in conservatorship or receivership
within 90 days of such determination unless it is also determined that some other course of action would better serve the purposes
of the regulations. Critically undercapitalized institutions are also prohibited from making (but not accruing) any payment of
principal or interest on subordinated debt without prior regulatory approval and regulators must prohibit a critically undercapitalized
institution from taking certain other actions without prior approval, including (1) entering into any material transaction other
than in the usual course of business, including investment expansion, acquisition, sale of assets or other similar actions; (2)
extending credit for any highly leveraged transaction; (3) amending articles or bylaws unless required to do so to comply with
any law, regulation or order; (4) making any material change in accounting methods; (5) engaging in certain affiliate transactions;
(6) paying excessive compensation or bonuses; and (7) paying interest on new or renewed liabilities at rates which would increase
the weighted average costs of funds beyond prevailing rates in the institution’s normal market areas. On November
18, 2014, the FDIC adopted the Assessments Final Rule which revises the FDIC’s risk-based deposit insurance assessment system
to reflect changes in the regulatory capital rules that are effective commencing January 1, 2015. For smaller financial institutions
(with total assets less than $1 Billion and which are not custodial banks), the Final Rule revises and conforms capital ratios
and ratio thresholds to the new prompt corrective action capital ratios and ratio thresholds for “well capitalized”
and “adequately capitalized” evaluations which were adopted by the federal banking agencies as part of the Basel III
capital regulations. Consequently, effective January 1, 2015, the prompt corrective action regulations are amended to the extent
described above in “ Basel III – New Capital and Prompt Corrective Action Regulations .” Additional
Regulations Under
the FDICIA, the federal financial institution agencies have adopted regulations which require institutions to establish and maintain
comprehensive written real estate policies which address certain lending considerations, including loan-to-value limits, loan
administrative policies, portfolio diversification standards, and documentation, approval and reporting requirements. The FDICIA
further generally prohibits an insured state bank from engaging as a principal in any activity that is impermissible for a national
bank, absent FDIC determination that the activity would not pose a significant risk to the Bank Insurance Fund, and that the bank
is, and will continue to be, within applicable capital standards. The Federal
Financial Institution Examination Counsel (“FFIEC”) utilizes the Uniform Financial Institutions Rating System (“UFIRS”)
commonly referred to as “CAMELS” to classify and evaluate the soundness of financial institutions. Bank examiners
use the CAMELS measurements to evaluate capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to market
risk. Effective January 1, 2005, bank holding companies such as the Company, were subject to evaluation and examination under
a revised bank holding company rating system. The so-called BOPEC rating system implemented in 1979 was primarily focused on financial
condition, consolidated capital and consolidated earnings. The rating system reflects the change toward analysis of risk management
(as reflected in bank examination under the CAMELS measurements), in addition to financial factors and the potential impact of
nondepository subsidiaries upon depository institution subsidiaries. The federal
financial institution agencies have established bases for analysis and standards for assessing a financial institution’s
capital adequacy in conjunction with the risk-based capital guidelines including analysis of interest rate risk, concentrations
of credit risk, risk posed by non-traditional activities, and factors affecting overall safety and soundness. The safety and soundness
standards for insured financial institutions include analysis of (1) internal controls, information systems and internal audit
systems; (2) loan documentation; (3) credit underwriting; (4) interest rate exposure; (5) asset growth; (6) compensation, fees
and benefits; and (7) excessive compensation for executive officers, directors or principal shareholders which could lead to material
financial loss. If an agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard, the agency may require the financial institution
to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. If the agency requires submission of a compliance
plan and the institution fails to timely submit an acceptable plan or to implement an accepted plan, the agency must require the
institution to correct the deficiency. The agencies may elect to initiate enforcement action in certain cases rather than rely
on an existing plan particularly where failure to meet one or more of the standards could threaten the safe and sound operation
of the institution. 9 Community
Reinvestment Act (“CRA”) regulations evaluate banks’ lending to low and moderate income individuals and businesses
across a four-point scale from “outstanding” to “substantial noncompliance,” and are a factor in regulatory
review of applications to merge, establish new branches or form bank holding companies. In addition, any bank rated in “substantial
noncompliance” with the CRA regulations may be subject to enforcement proceedings. In its most recent exam for CRA compliance,
American River Bank has a rating of “satisfactory.” Limitations
on Dividends The Company’s
ability to pay cash dividends is subject to restrictions set forth in the California General Corporation Law. Funds for payment
of any cash dividends by the Company would be obtained from its investments as well as dividends and/or management fees from its
subsidiaries. The payment of cash dividends and/or management fees by American River Bank is subject to restrictions set forth
in the California Financial Code, as well as restrictions established by the FDIC. On July 27, 2009, it was announced that
the Board of Directors had suspended the payment of cash dividends, until such time that it was prudent to reestablish the payment
of cash dividends. The Company relies on distributions from the Bank in the form of cash dividends in order to pay cash dividends
to our shareholders. See Item 5 . “Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
of Equity Securities” for more information regarding cash dividends. Competition Competitive Data American
River Bank. At June 30, 2014, based on the most recent “Data Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC Insured Commercial and
Savings Banks” report at that date, the competing commercial and savings banks had 184 offices in the cities of Gold River,
Rancho Cordova, Roseville and Sacramento, California, where American River Bank has its five Sacramento area offices, 61 offices
in the cities of Healdsburg and Santa Rosa, California, where American River Bank has its two Sonoma County offices, and three
offices in the cities of Jackson, Pioneer and Ione, California, where American River Bank has its three Amador County offices.
Additionally, American River Bank competes with thrifts and, to a lesser extent, credit unions, finance companies and other financial
service providers for deposit and loan customers. Larger
banks may have a competitive advantage because of higher lending limits and major advertising and marketing campaigns. They also
perform services, such as trust services, international banking, discount brokerage and insurance services, which American River
Bank is neither authorized nor prepared to offer currently. American River Bank has made arrangements with its correspondent banks
and with others to provide some of these services for its customers. For borrowers requiring loans in excess of American River
Bank’s legal lending limits, American River Bank has offered, and intends to offer in the future, such loans on a participating
basis with its correspondent banks and with other community banks, retaining the portion of such loans which is within its lending
limits. As of December 31, 2014, American River Bank’s aggregate legal lending limits to a single borrower and such borrower’s
related parties were $14,296,000 on an unsecured basis and $23,827,000 on a fully secured basis based on capital and allowable
reserves of $95,309,000. American
River Bank’s business is concentrated in its service area, which primarily encompasses Sacramento County, South Western Placer
County, Sonoma County, and Amador County. The economy of American River Bank’s service area is dependent upon government, manufacturing,
tourism, retail sales, agriculture, population growth and smaller service oriented businesses. Based
upon the most recent “Data Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC Insured Commercial and Savings Banks” report dated June
30, 2014, there were 231 operating commercial and savings bank offices in Sacramento County with total deposits of $26,834,196,000.
This was an increase of $3,624,443,000 compared to the June 30, 2013 balances. American River Bank held a total of $257,974,000
in deposits, representing approximately 1.0% of total commercial and savings banks deposits in Sacramento County as of June 30,
2014. 10 Based
upon the most recent “Data Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC Insured Commercial and Savings Banks” report dated June
30, 2014, there were 111 operating commercial and savings bank offices in Placer County with total deposits of $10,357,922,000.
This was an increase of $721,887,000 over the June 30, 2013 balances. American River Bank held a total of $60,223,000 in deposits,
representing approximately 0.6% of total commercial and savings banks deposits in Placer County as of June 30, 2014. Based
upon the most recent “Data Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC Insured Commercial and Savings Banks” report dated June
30, 2014, there were 130 operating commercial and savings bank offices in Sonoma County with total deposits of $10,601,868,000.
This was an increase of $189,697,000 compared to the June 30, 2013 balances. American River Bank held a total of $78,215,000 in
deposits, representing approximately 0.7% of total commercial and savings banks deposits in Sonoma County as of June 30, 2014. Based
upon the most recent “Data Book Summary of Deposits in FDIC Insured Commercial and Savings Banks” report dated June
30, 2014, there were 13 operating commercial and savings bank offices in Amador County with total deposits of $638,676,000. This
was an increase of $21,909,000 compared to the June 30, 2013 balances. American River Bank held a total of $94,758,000 in deposits,
representing approximately 14.8% of total commercial and savings bank deposits in Amador County as of June 30, 2014. FDIC
Insurance On October 3,
2008, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (the “EESA”) was signed into law. The EESA temporarily raised
the limit on federal deposit insurance coverage provided by the FDIC from $100,000 to $250,000 per depositor. On July 21,
2010, President Obama signed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”)
into law. On November 9, 2010, the FDIC issued a final rule implementing section 343 of the Dodd-Frank Act that permanently raised
the current standard maximum deposit insurance amount per depositor to $250,000 and provided for unlimited insurance coverage
of noninterest-bearing transaction accounts. This unlimited insurance coverage was not extended and terminated on December 31,
2012. The $250,000 maximum deposit insurance amount per depositor has remained in effect. In
addition, the Dodd-Frank Act also made other deposit insurance changes which may affect our insurance premium assessments to include
(i) amendment of the assessment base used to calculate an insured depository institution’s deposit insurance premiums paid
to the DIF by elimination of deposits and substitution of average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity during
the assessment period as the revised assessment base; (ii) increasing the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF from
1.15 percent to 1.35 percent of the estimated amount of total insured deposits; (iii) eliminating the requirement that the FDIC
pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds; and (iv) repeal of the prohibition
upon the payment of interest on demand deposits to be effective one year after the date of enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act. In
December 2010, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC increased the designated reserve ratio of the DIF to 2.0 percent effective
January 1, 2011, which has remained in effect. On November 18,
2014, the FDIC adopted the Assessments Final Rule which revises the FDIC’s risk-based deposit insurance assessment system
to reflect changes in the regulatory capital rules adopted by the federal banking agencies as part of the so-called Basel III
capital regulations to conform the prompt corrective action capital ratios and ratio thresholds for “well capitalized”
and “adequately capitalized” evaluations. The FDIC
has taken control of many failed financial institutions during the recent economic recession and guaranteed payment from the DIF
up to the insured limit for deposits held at such failed institutions. Depending on any future losses that the DIF may suffer
due to failed institutions, there may be additional premium increases in order to replenish the DIF. It is uncertain what effect
the implementation of the changes to the insurance assessments will have upon the Company; however, the effect of failed institutions
and deterioration or lack of improvement in the economic conditions impacting financial institutions may necessitate further increases
in premium assessments to maintain the DIF which could adversely impact the Company’s earnings. General Competitive Factors In order
to compete with the major financial institutions in its primary service areas, American River Bank uses to the fullest extent
possible the flexibility which is accorded by their community bank status. This includes an emphasis on specialized services,
local promotional activity, and personal contacts by their respective officers, directors and employees. American River Bank also
seeks to provide special services and programs for individuals in their primary service area who are employed in the agricultural,
professional and business fields, such as loans for equipment, furniture, tools of the trade or expansion of practices or businesses.
In the event there are customers whose loan demands exceed their respective lending limits, they seek to arrange for such loans
on a participation basis with other financial institutions. Furthermore, American River Bank also assists those customers requiring
services not offered by either bank to obtain such services from correspondent banks. 11 Commercial
banks compete with savings and loan associations, credit unions, other financial institutions and other entities for funds. For
instance, yields on corporate and government debt securities and other commercial paper affect the ability of commercial banks
to attract and hold deposits. Commercial banks also compete for loans with savings and loan associations, credit unions, consumer
finance companies, mortgage companies and other lending institutions. Banking
is a business that depends on interest rate differentials. In general, the difference between the interest rate paid by a bank
to obtain their deposits and other borrowings and the interest rate received by a bank on loans extended to customers and on securities
held in a bank’s portfolio comprise the major portion of a bank’s revenues. The interest
rate differentials of a bank, and therefore their revenues, are affected not only by general economic conditions, both domestic
and foreign, but also by the monetary and fiscal policies of the United States as set by statutes and as implemented by federal
agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve Board. The Federal Reserve Board can and does implement national monetary policy, such
as seeking to curb inflation and combat recession, by its open market operations in United States government securities, adjustments
in the amount of interest free reserves that banks and other financial institutions are required to maintain, and adjustments
to the discount rates applicable to borrowing by banks from the Federal Reserve Board. These activities influence the growth of
bank loans, investments and deposits and also affect interest rates charged on loans and paid on deposits. The nature and timing
of any future changes in monetary policies and their impact on American River Bank is not predictable. Impact
of Certain Legislation and Regulation Interstate
Banking. Since 1996, California law implementing certain provisions of prior federal law has (1) permitted interstate
merger transactions; (2) prohibited interstate branching through the acquisition of a branch business unit located in California
without acquisition of the whole business unit of the California bank; and (3) prohibited interstate branching through de novo
establishment of California branch offices. Initial entry into California by an out-of-state institution must be accomplished
by acquisition of or merger with an existing whole bank which has been in existence for at least five years. The Dodd-Frank Act
signed into law by President Obama on July 21, 2010, includes provisions authorizing national and state banks to establish branch
offices in other states to the same extent as a bank chartered by that state would be permitted to branch. Previously,
banks could only establish branch offices in other states if the host state expressly permitted out-of-state banks to establish
branch offices in that state. Accordingly, banks may be able to enter new markets more freely. Gramm-Leach-Bliley
Act . In 1999, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (the “GLB Act”) was signed into law. The GLB Act eliminated most of the
remaining depression-era “firewalls” between banks, securities firms and insurance companies which were established
by The Banking Act of 1933, also known as the Glass-Steagall Act (“Glass-Steagall”). Glass-Steagall sought to insulate
banks as depository institutions from the perceived risks of securities dealing and underwriting, and related activities. The
GLB Act permitted bank holding companies that could qualify as “financial holding companies” to acquire securities
firms or create them as subsidiaries, and securities firms could acquire banks or start banking activities through a financial
holding company. Prior to the GLB Act, banks were also (with minor exceptions) prohibited from engaging in insurance activities
or affiliating with insurers. The GLB Act removed these restrictions and substantially eliminated the prohibitions under the Bank
Holding Company Act on affiliations between banks and insurance companies. Consequently, the common ownership of banks, securities
firms and insurance firms was possible, in addition to the conduct of commercial banking, merchant banking, investment management,
securities underwriting and insurance within a single financial institution using a “financial holding company” structure
authorized by the GLB Act. A bank
holding company could qualify as a financial holding company if (i) its banking subsidiaries are “well capitalized”
and “well managed” and (ii) it files with the Board of Governors a certification to such effect and a declaration
that it elects to become a financial holding company. The Bank Holding Company Act was amended to permit financial holding companies
to engage in activities, and acquire companies engaged in activities, that are financial in nature or incidental to such financial
activities. Financial holding companies were also permitted to engage in activities that were complementary to financial activities
if the Board of Governors determined that the activity did not pose a substantial risk to the safety or soundness of depository
institutions or the financial system in general. These standards expanded upon the list of activities “closely related to
banking” which have defined the permissible activities of bank holding companies under the Bank Holding Company Act. Neither
Company nor American River Bank has determined whether or when to seek to acquire and exercise powers or activities under the
GLB Act. 12 Volcker
Rule . On December 10, 2013, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule implementing the so-called “Volcker
Rule” (set forth in Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act). The Volcker Rule prohibits depository institutions, companies that
control such institutions, bank holding companies, and the affiliates and subsidiaries of such banking entities, from engaging
as principal for the trading account of the banking entity in any purchase or sale of one or more covered financial instruments
(so-called “proprietary trading”) and imposes limitations upon retaining ownership interests in, sponsoring, investing
in and transacting with certain investment funds, including hedge funds and private equity funds. Certain activities involving
underwriting, risk mitigation hedging, and transactions on behalf of customers as a fiduciary or riskless principal are not prohibited
proprietary trading, including purchases and sales of financial instruments which are either obligations of or issued or guaranteed
by (i) the United States or agencies thereof; (ii) a State or political subdivision including municipal securities; or (iii) the
FDIC. Notwithstanding these permissible activities, no such activities are permitted if they would (i) involve or result in a
material conflict of interest between the banking entity and its clients, customers, or counterparties; (ii) result, directly
or indirectly, in a material exposure by the banking entity to a high-risk asset or a high-risk trading strategy; or (iii) pose
a threat to the safety and soundness of the banking entity or to the financial stability of the United States. The effective date
of the final rule has been extended to July 21, 2016. Neither the Company nor American River Bank engages in activities prohibited
by the Volcker Rule and we do not expect the Volcker Rule to have a material impact upon the Company or American River Bank. Patriot
Act . On October 26, 2001, President Bush signed the USA Patriot Act (the “Patriot Act”), which includes provisions
pertaining to domestic security, surveillance procedures, border protection, and terrorism laws to be administered by the Secretary
of the Treasury. Title III of the Patriot Act entitled, “International Money Laundering Abatement and Anti-Terrorist Financing
Act of 2001“includes amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act which expand the responsibilities of financial institutions in regard
to anti-money laundering activities with particular emphasis upon international money laundering and terrorism financing activities
through designated correspondent and private banking accounts. Effective
December 25, 2001, Section 313(a) of the Patriot Act prohibits any insured financial institution such as American River Bank,
from providing correspondent accounts to foreign banks which do not have a physical presence in any country (designated as “shell
banks”), subject to certain exceptions for regulated affiliates of foreign banks. Section 313(a) also requires financial
institutions to take reasonable steps to ensure that foreign bank correspondent accounts are not being used to indirectly provide
banking services to foreign shell banks, and Section 319(b) requires financial institutions to maintain records of the owners
and agent for service of process of any such foreign banks with whom correspondent accounts have been established. Effective
July 23, 2002, Section 312 of the Patriot Act created a requirement for special due diligence for correspondent accounts and private
banking accounts. Under Section 312, each financial institution that establishes, maintains, administers, or manages a private
banking account or a correspondent account in the United States for a non-United States person, including a foreign individual
visiting the United States, or a representative of a non-United States person shall establish appropriate, specific, and, where
necessary, enhanced, due diligence policies, procedures, and controls that are reasonably designed to detect and record instances
of money laundering through those accounts. The Patriot
Act contains various provisions in addition to Sections 313(a) and 312 that affect the operations of financial institutions by
encouraging cooperation among financial institutions, regulatory authorities and law enforcement authorities with respect to individuals,
entities and organizations engaged in, or reasonably suspected of engaging in, terrorist acts or money laundering activities.
The Company and American River Bank are not currently aware of any account relationships between American River Bank and any foreign
bank or other person or entity as described above under Sections 313(a) or 312 of the Patriot Act. Certain
surveillance provisions of the Patriot Act were scheduled to expire, but were extended by President Bush. On May 26, 2011, President
Obama signed a further four year extension of the surveillance provisions. 13 The effects
which the Patriot Act and any amendments to the Patriot Act or additional legislation enacted by Congress may have upon financial
institutions is uncertain; however, such legislation could increase compliance costs and thereby potentially may have an adverse
effect upon the Company’s results of operations. Sarbanes-Oxley
Act . On July 30, 2002, President Bush signed into law the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Act”) which responded
to issues in corporate governance and accountability. Among other matters, key provisions of the Act and rules promulgated by
the SEC pursuant to the Act include the following: · Expanded oversight of the accounting profession by creating a new independent public company oversight board to be monitored by the SEC. · Revised rules on auditor independence to restrict the nature of non-audit services provided to audit clients and to require such services to be pre-approved by the audit committee. · Improved corporate responsibility through mandatory listing standards relating to audit committees, certifications of periodic reports by the CEO and CFO and making issuer interference with an audit a crime. · Enhanced financial disclosures, including periodic reviews for largest issuers and real time disclosure of material company information. · Enhanced criminal penalties for a broad array of white collar crimes and increases in the statute of limitations for securities fraud lawsuits. · Disclosure of whether a company has adopted a code of ethics that applies to the company’s principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, and disclosure of any amendments or waivers to such code of ethics. · Disclosure of whether a company’s audit committee of its board of directors has a member of the audit committee who qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert.” · A prohibition on insider trading during pension plan black-out periods. · Disclosure of off-balance sheet transactions. · A prohibition on personal loans to directors and officers. · Conditions on the use of non-GAAP (generally accepted accounting principles) financial measures. · Standards on professional conduct for attorneys requiring attorneys having an attorney-client relationship with a company, among other matters, to report “up the ladder” to the audit committee, another board committee or the entire board of directors certain material violations. · Expedited filing requirements for Form 4 reports of changes in beneficial ownership of securities reducing the filing deadline to within 2 business days of the date a transaction triggers an obligation to report. · Accelerated filing requirements for Forms 10-K and 10-Q by public companies which qualify as “accelerated filers” to a phased-in reduction of the filing deadline for Form 10-K reports and Form 10-Q reports. · Disclosure concerning website access to reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, by “accelerated filers” as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports and material are filed with or furnished to the SEC. · Rules requiring national securities exchanges and national securities associations to prohibit the listing of any security whose issuer does not meet audit committee standards established pursuant to the Act. · The requirement to report on internal controls over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Act. The Company’s
securities are listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. Consequently, in addition to the rules promulgated by the SEC pursuant
to the Act, the Company must also comply with the listing standards applicable to Nasdaq listed companies. The Nasdaq listing
standards applicable to the Company include standards related to (i) director independence, (ii) executive session meetings of
the board, (iii) requirements for audit, nominating and compensation committee charters, membership qualifications and procedures,
(iv) shareholder approval of equity compensation arrangements, and (v) code of conduct requirements that comply with the code
of ethics under the Act. 14 The effect
of the Act upon the Company is uncertain; however, the Company has incurred and it is anticipated that it will continue to incur
increased costs to comply with the Act and the rules and regulations promulgated pursuant to the Act by the SEC, Nasdaq and other
regulatory agencies having jurisdiction over the Company or the issuance and listing of its securities. The Company does not currently
anticipate, however, that compliance with the Act and such rules and regulations will have a material adverse effect upon its
financial position or results of its operations or its cash flows. Corporate
Disclosure Act . Effective January 1, 2003, the California Corporate Disclosure Act (the “CCD Act”) required publicly
traded corporations incorporated or qualified to do business in California to disclose information about their past history, auditors,
directors and officers. Effective September 28, 2004, the CCD Act, as currently in effect and codified at California Corporations
Code Section 1502.1, requires the Company to file with the California Secretary of State and disclose within 150 days after the
end of its fiscal year certain information including the following: · The name of the a company’s independent auditor and a description of services, if any, performed for a company during the previous two fiscal years and the period from the end of the most recent fiscal year to the date of filing; · The annual compensation paid to each director and the five most highly compensated non-director executive officers (including the CEO) during the most recent fiscal year, including all plan and non-plan compensation for all services rendered to a company as specified in Item 402 of Regulation S-K such as grants, awards or issuance of stock, stock options and similar equity-based compensation; · A description of any loans made to a director at a “preferential” loan rate during the company’s two most recent fiscal years, including the amount and terms of the loans; · Whether any bankruptcy was filed by a company or any of its directors or executive officers within the previous 10 years; · Whether any director or executive officer of a company has been convicted of fraud during the previous 10 years; and · A description of any material pending legal proceedings other than ordinary routine litigation as specified in Item 103 of Regulation S-K and a description of such litigation where the company was found legally liable by a final judgment or order. The Company does
not currently anticipate that compliance with the CCD Act will have a material adverse effect upon its financial position or results
of its operations or its cash flows. Fair
and Accurate Credit Transactions Act . The Board of Governors, the FDIC, the other federal financial institution regulatory
agencies, and the Federal Trade Commission issued a joint press release on October 31, 2007 and final rules and guidelines effective
January 1, 2008, subject to mandatory compliance as of November 1, 2008, implementing sections 114 and 315 of the Fair and Accurate
Credit Transactions Act of 2003 to require financial institutions and other creditors to develop and implement a written identity
theft prevention program. The program must include reasonable policies and procedures for detecting, preventing, and mitigating
identity theft in connection with certain new and existing covered accounts. Covered accounts are defined as (i) an account primarily
for personal, family, or household purposes (i.e., consumer accounts), or (ii) any other account for which there is a reasonably
foreseeable risk to customers or the safety and soundness of the financial institution or creditor from identity theft. The program
must be appropriate to the size and complexity of the financial institution or creditor and the nature and scope of its activities
and should be designed to: · identify relevant patterns, practices, and specific forms of activity that are “red flags” of possible identity theft and incorporate those red flags into the program; · detect the occurrence of red flags incorporated into the program; · respond appropriately to any red flags that are detected to prevent and mitigate identity theft; and · ensure that the program is updated periodically to reflect changes in risks to customers or to the safety and soundness of the financial institution or creditor from identity theft. The regulations
include guidelines that each financial institution must consider and, to the extent appropriate, include in its program and steps
that must be taken to administer the program including (i) obtaining approval of the program by the board of directors or a committee
of the board, (ii) ensuring oversight of the development, implementation and administration of the program, (iii) training staff,
and (iv) overseeing service provider arrangements. The guidelines contemplate that existing fraud prevention procedures may be
incorporated into the program. 15 Legislation
to Stabilize Financial Markets In response
to global credit and liquidity issues involving a number of financial institutions, the United States government, particularly
the United States Department of the Treasury (the “U.S. Treasury”) and the federal financial institution regulatory
agencies, have taken a variety of extraordinary measures designed to restore confidence in the financial markets and to strengthen
financial institutions, including capital injections, guarantees of bank liabilities and the acquisition of illiquid assets from
banks. Below is a description of various legislation intended to stabilize the United States financial markets which directly
or indirectly may affect us. Emergency
Economic Stabilization Act . On October 3, 2008, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (the “EESA”)
was signed into law. Pursuant to the EESA, the U.S. Treasury was granted the authority to take a range of actions for the purpose
of stabilizing and providing liquidity to the U.S. financial markets and has implemented several programs, including the purchase
by the U.S. Treasury of certain troubled assets from financial institutions under the Troubled Asset Relief Program” (the
“TARP”) and the direct purchase by the U.S. Treasury of equity securities of financial institutions under the Capital
Purchase Program (the “CPP”). The EESA also temporarily raised the limit on federal deposit insurance coverage provided
by the FDIC from $100,000 to $250,000 per depositor. Capital
Purchase Program . On October 24, 2008, the U.S. Treasury announced plans to direct $250 Billion of the TARP funding into the
CPP to acquire preferred stock investments in bank holding companies and banks with the capital acquired through such investments
accorded Tier 1 capital treatment. Bank holding companies and banks eligible to participate as a Qualifying Financial Institution
(“QFI”) in the CPP were required to enter into agreements with the U.S. Treasury containing various standard terms
and conditions. The Company did not participate in the CPP and instead raised $25.3 million (in gross proceeds) in a public offering
in December 2009 to augment capital. American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act . On February 17, 2009, the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (the “ARRA”)
was signed into law. Section 7001 of the ARRA amended Section 111 of the EESA in its entirety. While the U.S. Treasury
was required to promulgate regulations to implement the restrictions and standards set forth in Section 7001, the ARRA, among
other things, significantly expands the executive compensation restrictions previously imposed by the EESA. Such restrictions
apply to any entity that participated in the CPP under TARP. Since the Company determined not to participate in the CPP, the executive
compensation restrictions and standards set forth in Section 7001 of the ARRA are not applicable to the Company. The
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. On July 21, 2010, President Obama signed into law
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 ( the “Dodd-Frank Act”). The Dodd-Frank Act
is intended to restructure the regulation of the financial services sector by, among other things, (i) establishing a framework
to identify systemic risks in the financial system implemented by a newly created Financial Stability Oversight Council and other
federal banking agencies; (ii) expanding the resolution authority of the federal banking agencies over troubled financial institutions;
(iii) authorizing changes to capital and liquidity requirements; (iv) changing deposit insurance assessments; and (v) enhancing
regulatory supervision to improve the safety and soundness of the financial services sector. The Dodd-Frank Act is expected to
have a significant impact upon our business as its provisions are implemented over time. Below is a summary of certain provisions
of the Dodd-Frank Act which, directly or indirectly, may affect us. · Changes to Capital Requirements. The federal banking agencies are required to establish revised minimum leverage and risk-based capital requirements for banks and bank holding companies. Under these requirements, trust preferred securities are excluded from Tier 1 capital unless such securities were issued prior to May 19, 2010 by a bank holding company with less than $15 Billion in assets. The Dodd-Frank Act requires capital requirements to be counter cyclical so that the required amount of capital increases in times of economic expansion and decreases in times of economic contraction consistent with safety and soundness. · Enhanced Regulatory Supervision. The Dodd-Frank Act increases regulatory oversight, supervision and examination of banks, bank holding companies and their respective subsidiaries by the appropriate regulatory agency. 16 · Consumer Protection. The Dodd-Frank Act created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”) within the Federal Reserve System. The CFPB is responsible for establishing and implementing rules and regulations under various federal consumer protection laws governing certain consumer products and services. The CFPB has primary enforcement authority over large financial institutions with assets of $10 Billion or more, while smaller institutions will be subject to the CFPB’s rules and regulations through the enforcement authority of the federal banking agencies. States are permitted to adopt consumer protection laws and regulations that are more stringent than those laws and regulations adopted by the CFPB and state attorneys general are permitted to enforce consumer protection laws and regulations adopted by the CFPB. · Deposit Insurance. The Dodd-Frank Act permanently increased the deposit insurance limit for insured deposits to $250,000 per depositor and extended unlimited deposit insurance to non-interest bearing transaction accounts through December 31, 2012. Other deposit insurance changes under the Dodd-Frank Act include (i) amendment of the assessment base used to calculate an insured depository institution’s deposit insurance premiums paid to the Deposit Insurance Fund (“DIF”) by elimination of deposits and substitution of average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity during the assessment period as the revised assessment base; (ii) increasing the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF from 1.15 percent to 1.35 percent of the estimated amount of total insured deposits; (iii) eliminating the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds; and (iv) repeal of the prohibition upon the payment of interest on demand deposits to be effective one year after the date of enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act. In December 2010, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC increased the reserve ratio of the DIF to 2.0 percent effective January 1, 2011, which has remained in effect. · Transactions with Affiliates. The Dodd-Frank Act enhances the requirements for certain transactions with affiliates under Section 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, including an expansion of the definition of “covered transactions” and increasing the amount of time for which collateral requirements regarding covered transactions must be maintained. · Transactions with Insiders. Insider transaction limitations are expanded through the strengthening of loan restrictions to insiders and the expansion of the types of transactions subject to the various limits, including derivative transactions, repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements and securities lending or borrowing transactions. Restrictions are also placed on certain asset sales to and from an insider to an institution, including requirements that such sales be on market terms and, in certain circumstances, approved by the institution’s board of directors. · Enhanced Lending Limitations. The Dodd-Frank Act strengthens the existing limits on a depository institution’s credit exposure to include credit exposure arising from derivative transactions, repurchase agreements, and securities lending and borrowing transactions. · Debit Card Interchange Fees. The Dodd-Frank Act requires that the amount of any interchange fee charged by a debit card issuer with respect to a debit card transaction must be reasonable and proportional to the cost incurred by the issuer. The Federal Reserve Board was required to establish standards for reasonable and proportional fees which may take into account the costs of preventing fraud. The restrictions on interchange fees, however, do not apply to banks that, together with their affiliates, have assets of less than $10 Billion. · Interstate Branching. The Dodd-Frank Act authorizes national and state banks to establish branch offices in other states to the same extent as a bank chartered by that state would be permitted to branch. Previously, banks could only establish branch offices in other states if the host state expressly permitted out-of-state banks to establish branch offices in that state. Accordingly, banks may be able to enter new markets more freely. · Charter Conversions. Effective one year after enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, depository institutions that are subject to a cease and desist order or certain other enforcement actions issued with respect to a significant supervisory matter are prohibited from changing their federal or state charters, except in accordance with certain notice, application and other procedures involving the applicable regulatory agencies. 17 · Compensation Practices . The Dodd-Frank Act provides that the appropriate federal banking regulators must establish standards prohibiting as an unsafe and unsound practice any compensation plan of a bank holding company or other “covered financial institution” that provides an insider or other employee with “excessive compensation” or could lead to a material financial loss to such firm. In June 2010, prior to the enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act, the federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued the Interagency Guidance on Sound Incentive Compensation Policies (“Guidance”), which requires that financial institutions establish metrics for measuring the risk to the financial institution of such loss from incentive compensation arrangements and implement policies to prohibit inappropriate risk taking that may lead to material financial loss to the institution. Together, the Dodd-Frank Act and the Guidance may impact our compensation policies and arrangements. · Corporate Governance. The Dodd-Frank Act will enhance corporate governance requirements to include (i) requiring publicly traded companies to give shareholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation at their first annual meeting taking place six months after the date of enactment and at least every three years thereafter and on so-called “golden parachute” payments in connection with approvals of mergers and acquisitions unless previously voted on by shareholders; (ii) authorizing the SEC to promulgate rules that would allow shareholders to nominate their own candidates for election as directors using a company’s proxy materials; (iii) directing the federal banking regulators to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to executives of depository institutions and their holding companies with assets in excess of $1.0 Billion, regardless of whether or not the company is publicly traded; and (iv) authorizing the SEC to prohibit broker discretionary voting on the election of directors and on executive compensation matters. Many of the requirements
under the Dodd-Frank Act will be implemented over an extended period of time. Therefore, the nature and extent of regulations
that will be issued by various regulatory agencies and the impact such regulations will have on the operations of financial institutions
such as ours is unclear. Such regulations resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act may impact the profitability of our business activities,
require changes to certain of our business practices, impose upon us more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements
or otherwise adversely affect our business. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources
to evaluate and make necessary changes in order to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. Small
Business Jobs Act of 2010/Small Business Lending Fund. On September 27, 2010, President Obama signed into law the Small Business
Jobs Act of 2010 (the “SBJ Act”), which, among other matters, authorized the U.S. Treasury to buy up to $30 Billion
in preferred stock or subordinated debt issued by community banks (or their bank holding companies provided 90% of the funds received
are downstreamed to the bank subsidiary) with assets less that $10 Billion pursuant to the Small Business Lending Fund (the “SBLF”)
created under the SBJ Act. Funds received as capital investments qualify as Tier 1 capital. The SBLF investments are intended
to increase the availability of credit for small businesses and thereby induce the creation of jobs in support of economic recovery. The participating
banks (or bank holding companies) pay an annual dividend on the preferred stock or subordinated debt purchased by the U.S. Treasury
in an amount which ranges between 5% and 1% during the initial measurement period of approximately two years determined by reducing
the dividend rate 1% for every 2.5% increase in the bank’s small business lending up to a lending increase of 10%. The dividend rate is adjusted quarterly during the initial period. If a participant’s lending activity does not increase
in the initial period, the dividend rate increases thereafter to 7%. After 4.5 years, the dividend rate increases to 9%, until
the SBLF funds are repaid. Participating banks in the SBLF were also permitted to use the SBLF funds they received to pay outstanding
amounts due to the U.S. Treasury under the CPP and TARP. Many banks have repaid the U.S. Treasury CPP investment merely by transferring
the investment to the SBLF. On December
23, 2010, the federal banking agencies jointly issued guidance on underwriting standards for small business loans originated under
the SBLF which require adherence to safe and sound credit standards and risk management processes. The Company did not participate
in the SBLF. Future
Legislation and Regulation In addition
to legislative changes, the various federal and state financial institution regulatory agencies frequently propose rules and regulations
to implement and enforce already existing legislation. It cannot be predicted whether or in what form any such rules or regulations
will be enacted or the effect that such regulations may have on American River Bankshares or American River Bank. However, in
light of the current conditions in the U.S. financial markets and economy, Congress and regulators have increased their focus
on the regulation of the financial services industry. The Company anticipates that additional regulations will likely increase
the Company’s expenses, which may adversely impact the Company’s results of operations, financial condition, future
prospects, profitability, and stock price. 18 Item 1A.
Risk Factors. The
Company and its subsidiary, American River Bank, conduct business in an environment that includes certain risks described below
which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, future
prospects and stock price. You are also referred to the matters described under the heading “Cautionary Statements Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements,” in Part I, Item 1 and Part II, Item 7 of this report on Form 10-K for additional information
regarding factors that may affect the Company’s business. · We are subject to extensive regulation, which could adversely affect our business. Our operations
are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities and are subject to various laws and judicial
and administrative decisions imposing requirements and restrictions on part or all of our operations. We believe that we are in
substantial compliance in all material respects with laws, rules and regulations applicable to the conduct of our business. Because
our business is highly regulated, the laws, rules and regulations applicable to us are subject to regular modification and change.
These laws, rules and regulations may be modified, or other new laws, rules or regulations, may be adopted in the future, which
could make compliance much more difficult or expensive, or restrict our ability to originate, broker or sell loans, reduce service
charge income on deposits, or further limit or restrict the amount of commissions, or interest or other charges earned on loans
originated or sold by us or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or future prospects.
The Dodd-Frank Act, signed into law on July 21, 2010, has had and is expected to continue to have a broad impact on the financial
services sector, including significant regulatory and compliance changes. Many of the Dodd-Frank Act requirements will be implemented
over an extended period of time and due to the uncertainty associated with the manner in which they will be implemented by the
various regulatory agencies, the full extent of the impact such requirements will have on our operations is not clear. Changes
resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to certain of our business
practices, impose upon us more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements or otherwise adversely affect our
business, results of operations, financial condition or future prospects. · Difficult market conditions have adversely affected our business. Dramatic
declines occurred in the housing market during the economic downturn resulting in falling home prices and a significant number
of foreclosures. These circumstances along with unemployment and under-employment have negatively impacted the credit performance
of our loan portfolio and resulted in significant write-downs of asset values. These asset write-downs have had a significant
impact on the Company’s financial results and ratios, including our net income, earnings per share, return on average equity
and return on average assets. Our net income decreased from $7,751,000 in 2008 to $1,586,000 in 2009 and $476,000 in 2010, then
increased to $2,504,000 in 2011, $3,207,000 in 2012 and decreased slightly from 2012 to $3,057,000 in 2013, then increased to
$4,361,000 in 2014. Our earnings per share decreased from $1.30 per share in 2008 to $0.26 per share in 2009 and $0.05 per share
in 2010, then increased to $0.25 per share in 2011, $0.34 per share in 2012 and 2013, and to $0.54 per share in 2014. Our return
on average equity decreased from 12.39% in 2008 to 2.44% in 2009 and 0.53% in 2010, then increased to 2.74% in 2011, 3.42% in
2012 and decreased slightly from 2012 to 3.38% in 2013, then increased to 4.98% in 2014. Our return on average assets decreased
from 1.32% in 2008 to 0.28% in 2009 and 0.08% in 2010, then increased to 0.43% in 2011, 0.55% in 2012, 0.52% in 2013, and 0.72
in 2014. While there were increases in our financial results and ratios the past four years compared to 2008 through 2010, the
increases are below our historical averages and there is no guarantee that these increases will continue into the future, which
could adversely affect our stock price. A significant decline in our stock price could result in substantial losses for individual
shareholders. 19 · Worsening economic conditions could adversely affect our business. The economic
conditions in the United States in general and within California and in our operating markets have not fully recovered from the
recent economic downturn. Unemployment nationwide and in California increased significantly through the recent economic downturn
and may remain elevated for an uncertain period in the future. As of December 31, 2014, the unemployment rate nationwide was 5.6%
compared to 6.7% at December 31, 2013, 7.9% at December 31, 2012, 8.5% at December 31, 2011, 9.4% at December 31, 2010, 9.9% at
December 31, 2009, and 7.3% at December 31, 2008. As of December 31, 2014, the unemployment rate in California was 7.0%, compared
to 8.3% at December 31, 2013, 9.8% at December 31, 2012, 11.1% at December 31, 2011, 12.5% at December 31, 2010, 12.3% at December
31, 2009 and 8.7% at December 31, 2008. The unemployment rate in the Company’s primary markets of Sacramento, Sonoma, and
Amador Counties was 6.2%, 4.7% and 7.2%, respectively, at December 31, 2014 compared to 7.7%, 5.7% and 9.0%, respectively, at
December 31, 2013, 9.8%, 7.7% and 11.0%, respectively, at December 31, 2012, 10.9%, 8.9% and 12.7%, respectively, at December
31, 2011, 12.7%, 10.0% and 13.4%, respectively, at December 31, 2010, 12.2%, 10.3% and 12.5%, respectively, at December 31, 2009,
and 8.7%, 7.0% and 9.3%, respectively, at December 31, 2008. These unemployment statistics may not reflect the full extent of
unemployment conditions nationwide, in California and in the Company’s primary operating markets due to the exclusion of
statistics regarding the number of persons who are no longer seeking employment, among other statistical data. Availability of
credit and consumer spending, real estate values, and consumer confidence have all been adversely affected. The credit, capital
and liquidity problems that have confronted the U.S. financial system during the recent economic downturn have not been fully
resolved despite massive government expenditures and legislative efforts to stabilize the U.S. financial system. These conditions
may not be fully resolved in the foreseeable future. The Bank
conducts banking operations principally in Northern California. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows are subject to changes in the economic conditions in Northern California. Our business results are dependent in large
part upon the business activity, population, income levels, deposits and real estate activity in Northern California, and continued
adverse economic conditions could have a material adverse effect upon us. In addition, California’s budgetary and fiscal
difficulties during the recent economic downturn resulted in a reduction of the number of California government employees. The
businesses operating in California and, in particular in the City of Sacramento, depend on the relationships with these government
employees, and reduced spending activity by these government employees could have a material impact on the success or failure
of these businesses, some of which are current customers or could become future customers of the Bank. The market in
which the Company operates experienced a slowdown in new loan volume as existing and potential new borrowers paid down debt and
delayed expansion plans. This reduction in loan volume has had an adverse effect upon our net interest margin and profitability.
Any deterioration in economic conditions locally, regionally or nationally could result in a further economic downturn in Northern
California with the following consequences, any of which could further adversely affect our business: · loan delinquencies and defaults may increase; · problem assets and foreclosures may increase; · demand for loans and other products and services may decline; · low cost or noninterest bearing deposits may decrease; · collateral for loans may decline in value, in turn reducing clients’ borrowing power, and reducing the value of assets and collateral as sources of repayment of existing loans; · foreclosed assets may not be able to be sold; · volatile securities market conditions could adversely affect valuations of investment portfolio assets; and · reputational risk may increase due to public sentiment regarding the banking industry. · Non-performing assets take significant time to resolve and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. At December
31, 2014, our non-performing loans and leases were 0.63% of total loans and leases compared to 0.77% of total loans and leases
at December 31, 2013, 2.12% at December 31, 2012, 4.46% at December 31, 2011, 6.52% at December 31, 2010, 5.46% at December 31,
2009 and 1.49% at December 31, 2008. At December 31, 2014, our non-performing assets (which include foreclosed real estate
and repossessed assets) to total assets were 1.16% compared to 1.60% at December 31, 2013, 2.97% at December 31, 2012, 3.73% at
December 31, 2011, 4.36% at December 31, 2010, 3.95% at December 31, 2009, and 1.49% at December 31, 2008. The allowance
for loan and lease losses as a percentage of non-performing loans and leases was 320.7% as of December 31, 2014 compared to 270.1%
as of December 31, 2013, 105.6% as of December 31, 2012, 52.5% as of December 31, 2011, 33.6% at December 31, 2010, 37.7% at December
31, 2009 and 94.8% at December 31, 2008. While these non-performing loans and leases and non-performing assets may have decreased
in recent years, the resulting ratios are below our historical averages and there is no guarantee that these decreases will continue
into the future, which could adversely affect our stock price. A significant decline in our stock price could result in substantial
losses for individual shareholders. 20 Non-performing
assets adversely affect our net income in various ways. We generally do not record interest income on non-performing loans or
other real estate owned, thereby adversely affecting our income and increasing our loan administration costs. When we take collateral
in foreclosures and similar proceedings, we are required to mark the related asset to the then fair market value of the collateral,
which may ultimately result in a loss. An increase in the level of non-performing assets increases our risk profile and may impact
the capital levels our regulators believe are appropriate in light of the ensuing risk profile, which could result in a request
to reduce our level of non-performing assets and/or raise additional capital. When we reduce problem assets through loan sales,
workouts, restructurings and otherwise, decreases in the value of the underlying collateral, or in these borrowers’ performance
or financial condition, whether or not due to economic and market conditions beyond our control, could adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the resolution of non-performing assets requires significant commitments
of time from management and our directors, which can be detrimental to the performance of their other responsibilities. We may
experience increases in non-performing assets and the disposition of such non-performing assets may adversely affect our profitability. · Tightening of credit markets and liquidity risk could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A tightening
of the credit markets or any inability to obtain adequate funds for asset growth at an acceptable cost could adversely affect
our asset growth and liquidity position and, therefore, our earnings capability. In addition to core deposit growth, maturity
of investment securities and loan and lease payments, we also rely on alternative funding sources including unsecured borrowing
lines with correspondent banks, secured borrowing lines with the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco and the Federal Reserve
Bank of San Francisco, and public time certificates of deposits. Our ability to access these sources could be impaired by deterioration
in our financial condition as well as factors that are not specific to us, such as a disruption in the financial markets or negative
views and expectations for the financial services industry or serious dislocation in the general credit markets. In the event
such a disruption should occur, our ability to access these sources could be adversely affected, both as to price and availability,
which would limit or potentially raise the cost of the funds available to us. · We have a concentration risk in real estate related loans. At December 31,
2014, $229.4 million, or 86.0% of our total loan and lease portfolio, consisted of real estate related loans. Of that amount,
$193.9 million, or 84.5%, consisted of commercial real estate, $8.0 million, or 3.5% consisted of commercial and residential construction
loans (including land acquisition and development loans) and $27.5 million, or 12.0%, consisted of residential mortgages and residential
multi-family real estate. Substantially all of our real property collateral is located in our operating markets in Northern California.
The deteriorating economic conditions in California and in our operating markets during the recent economic downturn contributed
to an overall decline in commercial and residential real estate values. While property values have recovered somewhat, a substantial
decline in commercial and residential real estate values in our primary market areas could occur as a result of worsening economic
conditions or other events including natural disasters such as earthquakes, droughts, floods, fires, and similar adverse weather
occurrences. Such a decline in values could have an adverse impact on us by limiting repayment of defaulted loans through sale
of commercial and residential real estate collateral and by a likely increase in the number of defaulted loans to the extent that
the financial condition of our borrowers is adversely affected by such a decline in values. · Our allowance for loan and lease losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. Like all financial
institutions, the Bank maintains an allowance for loan and lease losses to provide for loan defaults and non-performance, but
its allowance for loan and lease losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan and lease losses. In addition, future provisions
for loan and lease losses could materially and adversely affect the Bank’s and therefore our Company’s operating results.
The adequacy of the Bank’s allowance for loan and lease losses is based on prior experience, as well as an evaluation of
the risks in the current portfolio. The amount of realizable future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and
other conditions, including changes in the local and general California real estate market and operating environment, as well
as interest rates, employment levels and other economic factors that may be beyond our control, and these losses may exceed current
estimates. 21 Federal
regulatory agencies, as an integral part of the examination process, review the Bank’s loans and leases and allowance for
loan and lease losses, as well as management’s policies and procedures for determining the adequacy of the allowance for
loan and lease losses. We believe that our allowance for loan and lease losses policies are effective and that our allowance for
loan and lease losses is adequate to cover current probable incurred losses. However, the Bank may have to further increase the
allowance for loan and lease losses as a result of the effects of deterioration of economic conditions nationally and in the operating
markets in which the Bank conducts business and/or as a result of changes in regulation or accounting methodologies. · Our focus on lending to small to mid-sized community-based businesses may increase our credit risk. As of December
31, 2014, our largest outstanding commercial business loan and largest outstanding commercial real estate loan amounted to $2.9
million and $5.8 million, respectively. At such date, our commercial real estate loans amounted to $193.9 million, or 73.5% of
our total loan and lease portfolio, and our commercial business loans amounted to $25.2 million, or 9.6% of our total loan and
lease portfolio. Commercial real estate and commercial business loans generally are considered riskier than single-family residential
loans because they have larger balances to a single borrower or group of related borrowers. Commercial real estate and commercial
business loans involve risks because the borrowers’ ability to repay the loans typically depends primarily on the successful
operation of the businesses or the properties securing the loans. Most of the Bank’s commercial real estate and commercial
business loans are made to small business or middle market customers who may have a heightened vulnerability to economic conditions.
Moreover, a portion of these loans have been made by us in recent years and the borrowers may not have experienced a complete
business or economic cycle. Furthermore, the deterioration of our borrowers’ businesses may hinder their ability to repay
their loans with us, which could adversely affect our results of operations. · Our business is subject to interest rate risk, and variations in interest rates may negatively affect our financial performance. Changes in
the interest rate environment may reduce our net interest income. It is expected that we will continue to realize income from
the differential or “margin” between the interest earned on loans, securities and other interest-earning assets, and
interest paid on deposits, borrowings and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest margins are affected by the difference
between the maturities and repricing characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. In addition,
loan volume and yields are affected by market interest rates on loans, and rising interest rates generally are associated with
a lower volume of loan originations. We may be unable to minimize our interest rate risk. In addition, an increase in the general
level of interest rates may adversely affect the ability of certain borrowers to pay the interest on and principal of their obligations.
Accordingly, changes in levels of market interest rates could materially and adversely affect our net interest margin, asset quality,
and loan origination volume. · Governmental monetary policies and intervention to stabilize the U.S. financial system may affect our business and are beyond our control. The business
of banking is affected significantly by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. Such policies
are beyond our control. We are particularly affected by the policies established by the Federal Reserve Board in relation to the
supply of money and credit in the United States. The instruments of monetary policy available to the Federal Reserve Board can
be used in varying degrees and combinations to directly affect the availability of bank loans and deposits, as well as the interest
rates charged on loans and paid on deposits, and this can and does have a material effect on our business. The Emergency
Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (the “EESA”), signed into law on October 3, 2008, the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act of 2009 (the “ARRA”), signed into law on February 17, 2009, and other legislation was intended
to help stabilize the U.S. financial system by improving the credit, capital and liquidity problems confronting the financial
system. Many provisions of the Dodd Frank Act, signed into law on July 21, 2010, have also been implemented as part of the continuing
stabilization effort. However, a continuation or worsening of such economic conditions could limit our access to capital or sources
of liquidity in amounts and at times necessary to conduct operations in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements. 22 · The Bank faces strong competition from banks, financial service companies and other companies that offer banking services, which could adversely affect our business. Increased competition
in our market may result in reduced loans and deposits or the rates charged or paid on these instruments and adversely affect
our net interest margin. Ultimately, we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Many competitors
offer similar banking services to those that are offered by the Bank in its service area. These competitors include national and
super-regional banks, finance companies, investment banking and brokerage firms, credit unions, government-assisted farm credit
programs, other community banks and technology-oriented financial institutions offering online services. In particular, the Bank’s
competitors include several major financial companies whose greater resources may afford them a marketplace advantage by enabling
them to maintain numerous banking locations and mount extensive promotional and advertising campaigns. Additionally, banks and
other financial institutions with larger capitalization and financial intermediaries not subject to bank regulatory restrictions
have larger lending limits than we do and are thereby better able to serve the credit needs of larger customers. Areas of competition
include interest rates for loans and deposits, efforts to obtain loans and deposits, as well as the range and quality of products
and services provided, including new technology-driven products and services. Technological innovation continues to contribute
to greater competition in domestic and international financial services markets as technological advances, such as Internet-based
banking services that cross traditional geographic bounds, enable more companies to provide financial services. If the Bank is
unable to attract and retain banking customers, we may be unable to maintain our historical levels of loans and leases and deposits
or our net interest margin. · Our operations are dependent upon key personnel. Our future prospects
are and will remain highly dependent on our directors, executive officers and other key personnel. Our success will, to some extent,
depend on the continued service of our directors and continued employment of the executive officers, in addition to our ability
to attract and retain experienced banking professionals to serve us and the Bank in other key positions. The unexpected loss of
the services of any of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on our business. · Technology implementation problems or computer system failures could adversely affect us. Our future growth
prospects will be highly dependent on the ability of the Bank to implement changes in technology that affect the delivery of banking
services such as the increased demand for computer access to bank accounts and the availability to perform banking transactions
electronically. The Bank’s ability to compete will depend upon its ability to continue to adapt technology on a timely and
cost-effective basis to meet such demands. In addition, our business and operations and those of the Bank could be susceptible
to adverse effects from computer failures, communication and energy disruption, and activities such as fraud of unethical individuals
with the technological ability to cause disruptions or failures of the Bank’s data processing system. · Information security breaches or other technological difficulties could adversely affect us. We cannot be
certain that the continued implementation of safeguards will eliminate the risk of vulnerability to technological difficulties
or failures or ensure the absence of a breach of information security. The Bank will continue to rely on the services of various
vendors who provide data processing and communication services to the banking industry. Nonetheless, if information security is
compromised or other technology difficulties or failures occur at the Bank or with one of our vendors, information may be lost
or misappropriated, services and operations may be interrupted and the Bank could be exposed to claims from its customers as a
result. · Our controls over financial reporting and related governance procedures may fail or be circumvented. Management
regularly reviews and updates our internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate
governance policies and procedures. We maintain controls and procedures to mitigate risks such as processing system failures or
errors and customer or employee fraud, and we maintain insurance coverage for certain of these risks. Any system of controls and
procedures, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and provides only reasonable, not absolute,
certainty that the objectives of the system will be met. Events could occur which are not prevented or detected by our internal
controls, are not insured against, or are in excess of our insurance limits. Any failure or circumvention of our controls and
procedures, or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures, could have an adverse effect on our business. 23 · We may not be successful in raising additional capital needed in the future. If additional
capital is needed in the future as a result of losses, our business strategy or regulatory requirements, our efforts to raise
such additional capital may be unsuccessful or shares sold in the future may be sold at prices or on terms that are not equal
to or better than the current market price. The inability to raise additional capital when needed or at prices and terms
acceptable to us could adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategies. · The effects of legislation in response to credit conditions may adversely affect us. Legislation
that has or may be passed at the federal level and/or by the State of California in response to conditions affecting credit markets
could cause us to experience higher credit losses if such legislation reduces the amount that the Bank’s borrowers are otherwise
contractually required to pay under existing loan contracts. Such legislation could also result in the imposition of limitations
upon the Bank’s ability to foreclose on property or other collateral or make foreclosure less economically feasible. Such
events could result in increased loan and lease losses and require a material increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses. · The effects of changes to FDIC insurance coverage limits and assessments are uncertain and increased premiums may adversely affect us. FDIC insurance
premium assessments are uncertain and increased premium assessments may adversely affect our earnings. The FDIC charges insured
financial institutions premiums to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund (“DIF”). Recent economic conditions have resulted
and may continue to result in bank failures. In such event, the FDIC may take control of failed institutions and guarantee payment
from the DIF up to the insured limit for deposits held at such failed institutions. Depending on any future losses that the DIF
may suffer due to failed institutions, there may be additional premium increases in order to replenish the DIF. On November
9, 2010, the FDIC issued a final rule implementing section 343 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
(the “Dodd-Frank Act”) that made permanent a $250,000 deposit insurance limit per depositor and also provided unlimited
insurance coverage for noninterest-bearing transaction accounts. This unlimited insurance coverage was not extended and terminated
on December 31, 2012. The $250,000 maximum deposit insurance amount per depositor remains in effect. In addition,
the Dodd-Frank Act also made other deposit insurance changes which may affect our insurance premium assessments to include (i)
amendment of the assessment base used to calculate an insured depository institution’s deposit insurance premiums paid to
the DIF by elimination of deposits and substitution of average consolidated total assets less average tangible equity during the
assessment period as the revised assessment base; (ii) increasing the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF from 1.15 percent
to 1.35 percent of the estimated amount of total insured deposits; (iii) eliminating the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends
to depository institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds; and (iv) repeal of the prohibition upon the payment
of interest on demand deposits to be effective one year after the date of enactment of the Dodd-Frank Act. In December 2010, pursuant
to the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC increased the designated reserve ratio of the DIF to 2.0 percent effective January 1, 2011, which
has remained in effect. On November
18, 2014, the FDIC adopted the Assessments Final Rule which revises the FDIC’s risk-based deposit insurance assessment system
to reflect changes in the regulatory capital rules that are effective commencing January 1, 2015. For smaller financial institutions
such as the Bank (with total assets less than $1 Billion and which are not custodial banks), the Final Rule revises and conforms
capital ratios and ratio thresholds to the new prompt corrective action capital ratios and ratio thresholds for “well capitalized”
and “adequately capitalized” evaluations which were adopted by the federal banking agencies as part of the so-called
Basel III capital regulations. It is uncertain
what effect these changes will have on our future insurance assessments and costs of operations, but any increases in premium
assessments will adversely impact our earnings. 24 · In the future we may be required to recognize impairment with respect to investment securities, including the FHLB stock we hold. Our securities
portfolio currently includes securities with unrecognized losses. We may continue to observe declines in the fair market
value of these securities. We evaluate the securities portfolio for any other than temporary impairment each reporting period,
as required by generally accepted accounting principles, and as of December 31, 2014, we did not recognize any securities
as other than temporarily impaired. Future evaluations of the securities portfolio may require us to recognize an impairment
charge with respect to these and other holdings. In addition, as a condition to membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank of San
Francisco (the “FHLB”), we are required to purchase and hold a certain amount of FHLB stock. Our stock purchase requirement
is based, in part, upon the outstanding principal balance of advances from the FHLB. At December 31, 2014, we held stock
in the FHLB totaling $3.7 million. The FHLB stock held by us is carried at cost and is subject to recoverability testing under
applicable accounting standards. The FHLB currently distributes cash dividends on its shares, however, past dividend paying practices
are not a guarantee of future dividends. As of December 31, 2014, we did not recognize an impairment charge related to our
FHLB stock holdings. Any future negative changes to the financial condition of the FHLB may require us to recognize an impairment
charge with respect to such holdings. · If the goodwill we have recorded in connection with our acquisition of Bank of Amador becomes impaired, it could have an adverse impact on our earnings and capital. At December 31,
2014, we had approximately $16.3 million of goodwill on our balance sheet attributable to our merger with Bank of Amador in December
2004. In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, our goodwill is not amortized
but rather evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that a potential
impairment exists. Such evaluation is based on a variety of factors, including the quoted price of our common stock, market prices
of the common stock of other banking organizations, common stock trading multiples, discounted cash flows, and data from comparable
acquisitions. Future evaluations of goodwill may result in findings of impairment and write-downs, which could be material. · The effects of terrorism and other events beyond our control may adversely affect our results of operations. The terrorist
actions on September 11, 2001 and thereafter, as well as the military conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq, have had significant
adverse effects upon the United States economy. Whether terrorist activities in the future and the actions of the United States
and its allies in combating terrorism on a worldwide basis will adversely impact us and the extent of such impact is uncertain.
Similar events beyond our control including, but not limited to, financial and economic instability and governmental actions in
response, natural disasters such as earthquakes, droughts, floods, fires, and similar adverse weather occurrences, disruption
of power supplies and communications equipment such as telephones, cellular phones, computers, and other forms of electronic equipment
or media, and widespread, adverse public health occurrences, may adversely affect our future results of operations by, among other
things, disrupting the conduct of our operations and those of our customers, which could result in a reduction in the demand for
loans and other products and services offered by the Bank, increase non-performing loans and the amounts reserved for loan and
lease losses, or cause significant declines in our level of deposits. · Future acquisitions and expansion activities may disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results. We
regularly evaluate potential acquisitions and expansion opportunities. To the extent that we grow through acquisitions, we cannot
ensure that we will be able to adequately or profitably manage this growth. Acquiring other banks, branches or other assets, as
well as other expansion activities, involves various risks including the risks of incorrectly assessing the credit quality of
acquired assets, encountering greater than expected costs of incorporating acquired banks or branches into the Bank, executing
cost savings measures, and being unable to profitably deploy funds in an acquisition. 25 · We may raise additional capital, which could have a dilutive effect on the existing holders of our common stock and adversely affect the market price of our common stock. In December
2009, the Company raised $25.3 million (in gross proceeds) in a public offering of 4,048,000 shares of its common stock at $6.25
per share. Our articles of incorporation, as amended, provide the authority to issue without further shareholder approval, 20,000,000
shares of common stock, no par value per share, of which 8,089,615 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2014. Pursuant
to the Company’s 2010 Equity Incentive Plan and its 2000 Stock Option Plan, at December 31, 2014, employees and directors
of the Company had outstanding options to purchase 271,700 shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2014, 1,416,330 shares of
common stock remained available for awards under the 2010 Equity Incentive Plan. We are not
restricted from issuing additional shares of common stock or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that
represent the right to receive, common stock. We frequently evaluate opportunities to access the capital markets taking into account
our regulatory capital ratios, financial condition and other relevant considerations, and subject to market conditions, we may
take further capital actions. Such actions could include, among other things, the issuance of additional shares of common stock
in public or private transactions in order to further increase our capital levels above the requirements for a well capitalized
institution established by the federal bank regulatory agencies as well as other regulatory targets. The issuance
of any additional shares of common stock or securities convertible into or exchangeable for common stock or that represent the
right to receive common stock, or the exercise of such securities including, without limitation, securities issued upon exercise
of outstanding equity awards under our 2010 Equity Incentive Plan or outstanding options under our 2000 Stock Option Plan, could
be substantially dilutive to shareholders of our common stock. Holders of our shares of common stock have no preemptive
rights that entitle holders to purchase their pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series and, therefore,
such sales or offerings could result in increased dilution to our shareholders. The market price of our common stock could
decline as a result of sales of shares of our common stock or the perception that such sales could occur. · The price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, and this may make it difficult for shareholders to resell shares of common stock they own at times or at prices they find attractive. The
stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, has experienced significant volatility, which reached
unprecedented levels during the recent economic downturn. In some cases, the markets have produced downward pressure on stock
prices for certain issuers without regard to those issuers’ underlying financial strength. As a result, the trading volume
in our common stock may fluctuate more than usual and cause significant price variations to occur. This may make it difficult
for shareholders to resell shares of common stock they own at times or at prices they find attractive. The low trading volume
in our common shares on the NASDAQ Global Select Market means that our shares may have less liquidity than other publicly traded
companies. We cannot ensure that the volume of trading in our common shares will be maintained or will increase in the future. The trading
price of the shares of our common stock will depend on many factors, which may change from time to time and which may be beyond
our control, including, without limitation, our financial condition, performance, creditworthiness and prospects, future sales
or offerings of our equity or equity related securities, and other factors identified above in the forward-looking statement discussion
in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements” and below. These broad market fluctuations have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. Among the factors that could affect our stock price are: · actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; · changes in financial estimates or publication of research reports and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to our common stock or those of other financial institutions; · failure to meet analysts’ revenue or earnings estimates; · speculation in the press or investment community generally or relating to our reputation, our market area, our competitors or the financial services industry in general; · strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions, restructurings, dispositions or financings; 26 · actions by our current shareholders, including sales of common stock by existing shareholders and/or directors and executive officers; · fluctuations in the stock price and operating results of our competitors; · future sales of our equity, equity-related or debt securities; · changes in the frequency or amount of dividends or share repurchases; · proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments; · anticipated or pending investigations, proceedings, or litigation that involves or affects us; · trading activities in our common stock, including short-selling; · domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance; and · general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry. A significant
decline in our stock price could result in substantial losses for individual shareholders. · We may be unable or choose not to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Our
ability to pay dividends on our common stock depends on a variety of factors. On July 27, 2009 we announced suspension of
our quarterly dividends. The Company relies on distributions from the Bank in the form of cash dividends in order to pay cash
dividends to our shareholders. Cash dividends may or may not be paid in the future since they are subject to regulatory restrictions
and to evaluation by our Board of Directors of financial factors including, but not limited to, our earnings, financial condition
and capital requirements. · Anti-takeover provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws and California law could make a third party acquisition of us difficult. Our
articles of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us (even
if doing so would be beneficial to our shareholders) and for holders of our common stock to receive any related takeover premium
for their common stock. We are also subject to certain provisions of California law that would delay, deter or prevent a change
in control of the Company. These provisions could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares
of our common stock. · Credit Downgrade Risk and European Market Risk. On August 5,
2011, Standard & Poor’s downgraded the long-term credit rating of the U.S. from “AAA” to “AA+.”
This was the first downgrade of the U.S. credit rating in history. Prior to the action taken by S&P, Moody’s placed
the U.S. government under review for a possible credit ratings downgrade, but on August 2, 2011, Moody’s confirmed
the U.S. government’s “AAA” credit rating while stating that the rating outlook was negative. Also, on August
2, 2011, Fitch affirmed its existing U.S. government credit rating, but stated that the rating was under review. The federal
bank regulatory agencies jointly issued guidance on August 5, 2011 regarding the impact of the S&P downgrade upon risk-based
capital treatment. The agencies advised banks that for risk-based capital purposes, the risk weights for Treasury securities and
other securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government, government agencies, and government-sponsored entities would not
change. The agencies also advised that treatment of Treasury securities and other securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S.
government, government agencies, and government-sponsored entities under other federal banking agency regulations, including,
for example, the Federal Reserve Board’s Regulation W, would also be unaffected. Since 2011,
political conflicts over raising the debt ceiling continued between the Obama administration and the U.S. Congress with the potential
risk of another downgrade. On February 11 and 12, 2014, the House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate, respectively, each passed
legislation approving an increase in the debt ceiling through March 2015, which President Obama signed on February 15, 2014. It
remains uncertain whether these conflicts will arise again in 2015. If so and if not resolved, there is a risk of further downgrade
of the U.S. “AAA” credit rating. 27 The effects of
any future credit agency downgrade of the U.S. government’s credit rating, or in the credit ratings of instruments issued,
insured or guaranteed by related institutions, agencies or instrumentalities is uncertain, but such downgrades could result in
risks to the Company and general economic conditions in the U.S. and in the Company’s market areas, which we are unable
to predict. In addition, there continues to be uncertainty about the effects upon the U.S. economy of the financial instability
of several countries in the European Union and the risks of debt defaults posed by those countries. These economic circumstances
could have a significant adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, which in turn could adversely
affect our stock price. 