” and Item 2. “Financial Information—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements that are not historical facts, including statements concerning our possible or assumed future actions and business strategies. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside of our control, which could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to: • our ability to develop and manage frequent introductions of innovative products; • changing economic conditions and other factors that adversely affect the casino and gaming industry, the play levels of our participation games, product sales and our ability to collect outstanding receivables from our customers; • the effect of our substantial indebtedness on our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, react to changes in the economy or our industry and make debt service payments; • changes in player and operator preferences in participation games, which may adversely affect demand for our products; • increased competition in the gaming industry; • changing regulations, new interpretations of existing laws, or delays in obtaining or maintaining required licenses or approvals, which may affect our ability to operate in existing markets or expand into new jurisdictions; • changes in the regulatory scheme governing tribal gaming impacting our games and Native American customers, which could adversely affect revenues; • legal and regulatory uncertainties of gaming markets, including, without limitation, the ability to enforce contractual rights on Native American land; • legislation in states and other jurisdictions which may amend or repeal existing gaming legislation; • decreases in our revenue share percentage in our participation agreements with customers; • slow growth in the establishment of new gaming jurisdictions, declines in the rate of replacement of existing gaming machines and ownership changes and consolidation in the casino industry; • our ability to realize satisfactory returns on money lent to new and existing customers to develop or expand gaming facilities or to acquire gaming positions in gaming facilities; • adverse local economic, regulatory or licensing changes in Oklahoma, the state in which the majority of our revenue has been derived, or material decreases in our revenue with our largest customer, which comprised approximately 33% of our gaming revenue for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 ; • inability to protect or enforce our intellectual property; • future claims of litigation or intellectual property infringement or invalidity, and adverse outcomes of those claims; • failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees; • the security and integrity of our systems and products; • losses due to technical problems or fraudulent activities related to our gaming machines and online operations; • product defects which could damage our reputation and our results of operations; • quarterly fluctuation of our business; • certain restrictive open source licenses requiring us to make the source code of some of our products available to third parties and potentially granting third parties certain rights to the software; • recently introduced or proposed smoking bans on smoking at our facilities that may adversely affect our operations; • AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC is the sole holder of our voting common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“Common Stock”) and may have conflicts of interest with us in the future or interests that differ from the interests of holders of our non-voting common stock; • failure of our suppliers to meet our performance and quality standards or requirements could result in additional costs or loss of customers; • risks related to casino operations which are conducted at the discretion of our customers; • risks related to operations in foreign countries and outside of traditional U.S. jurisdictions; and 1 Table of Contents • the other factors discussed under Item 1A. “Risk Factors.” Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this Annual Report. We do not undertake and specifically decline any obligation to update any such statements or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any such statements to reflect future events or developments unless required by federal securities law. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all such factors. 2 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Unless the context indicates otherwise, or unless specifically stated otherwise, references to the “Company”, “AP Gaming”, “Successor”, “we,” “our” and “us” refer to AP Gaming Holdco Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including AGS Capital, LLC (“AGS Capital”) and AGS, LLC. Overview We are a leading designer and manufacturer of gaming products for the casino floor. The Company’s roots are in Class II gaming machines for the Native American gaming market with an emerging presence in a broad range of commercial markets in the United States. As of December 31, 2014 , we had approximately 8,740 gaming machines in approximately 240 gaming facilities in 20 U.S. states, with approximately 190 gaming facilities under revenue sharing agreements and approximately 50 facilities under daily fixed fee agreements. The majority of our systems are used by Native American gaming operators in both Class II and Class III environments and the Illinois video gaming terminal, or VGT, market. Our products include electronic gaming machines, server-based systems and back-office systems that are used by casinos and other gaming locations. In addition, in the third quarter of 2014, we began manufacturing and developing table games products through the acquisitions of Casino War Blackjack, Inc. (“War Blackjack”) and other intellectual property related to table games products. We provide table game products, which include live table games and side bets to enhance our casino operators’ table games operations. These products are provided to our licensed casino operators on a fixed monthly fee. We currently derive substantially all of our gaming revenues from lease agreements whereby we place gaming machines and systems at a customer’s facility in return for either a share of the revenues that these games and systems generate or a daily fee, which we collectively refer to as “participation agreements” and as our “participation model.” For the year ended December 31, 2014 , approximately 95% of our total revenue was recurring, generated from participation agreements and other licensing fees. We believe that our participation model provides our customers with distinct advantages. By leasing our gaming machines to customers, we enable our customers to introduce new games in their facilities with minimal cost and financial risk. Additionally, the participation model directly aligns our interests with our customers through a shared dependence on the games’ performance. We successfully grew our domestic installed base of participation gaming machines every year from 2003 to December 31, 2014 , and we remain highly focused on continuing to expand our domestic installed base of participation gaming machines in both our current and new markets. We have also substantially increased the number of markets in which we have participation gaming machines, from four U.S. states in 2006 to 20 U.S. states as of December 31, 2014 . We also have historically generated revenue from the sale of gaming machines. We expect gaming machine sales to continue to play a role in our business and complement our core participation model as we expand into new gaming markets. Our focus has been in the Native American segment of the gaming market, particularly Class II gaming, with approximately 5,500 Class II machines installed in over 102 facilities across eight states. Unlike Class III gaming, which requires a compact with the state, Native American tribes have the authority to operate an unlimited number of Class II games without executing a compact so long as the states permit bingo-style gaming. Class II games are an attractive option for Native American tribes because, among other things: • revenue from Class II gaming is not shared with the state; • there are no limits on the number of Class II gaming machines that may be operated in any one facility; and • a strong Class II offering improves a tribe’s position when negotiating a Class III compact and the related taxes it pays to the respective state, as it lessens the tribe’s reliance on Class III games. Class III markets represent a large untapped opportunity for us. Over the last few years, we have aggressively secured licenses in key commercial markets. We recently placed Class III units in Nevada, Louisiana and Mississippi and expect to commence placement of Class III gaming machines in New Jersey in the near term. Our key initiatives for the Class III market include (i) building a proprietary platform to enable us to develop customized product solutions and (ii) developing unique game concepts. We intend to focus on niche placements of these and other premium games to drive growth. We have leveraged our leadership position in Class II content, our flexible technology platform that offers titles in both Class II and Class III formats, and our strong customer relationships to penetrate our core markets. Under our participation model, customers rely on us to select the mix of titles, maintain and service the equipment, and oversee promotional efforts for our titles. These dynamics foster strong long-term customer relationships, as demonstrated by the fact that our top ten participation model customers have been with us for an average of over eight years. 3 Table of Contents Within Native American and other segments of the gaming industry, we focus on providing content for the local player. We believe that locals-oriented markets have greater consistency and visibility in performance than larger destination markets and have strong growth characteristics. Based on our internal research, we believe local players visit casinos with high frequency and demonstrate strong loyalty to gaming titles. Locals-oriented markets have proven to be more resilient during economic downturns, and we believe we are well-positioned to benefit from gaming expansion as states with recently passed legislation, such as Florida, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Ohio and Pennsylvania continue to legalize various forms of gaming. We believe our understanding of these locals-oriented markets, early focus on new market opportunities and market-specific strategies and products distinguish us from many of our competitors. We have built a strong management team and increased our product development capability in order to capitalize on our attractive market position and growth opportunities in our current and new markets. In addition, we have significantly increased our pipeline of new titles through continued investment in internal content development capabilities and increased efforts on leveraging third-party developers. We believe our expanded content library consisting of our core and new titles will allow us to drive incremental revenue from our domestic installed base of approximately 8,740 gaming machines, gain additional placements in our current markets and penetrate new markets. Business Strategy We have invested and expect to continue to invest in new business strategies, products, services and technologies. We intend to pursue the following strategies as part of our overall business strategy: • Continue to expand our library of proprietary content . We will continue our focused efforts to develop games, both internally and through partnerships with third parties, tailored to our target markets. Investments in expanding our content have created a new title pipeline of 41 games that we released in 2013 and 2014 (26 of which were developed internally), which exceeds the 28 titles we brought to market from 2002 to 2010 combined. Our proprietary game library grew from nine active titles in 2011 to 85 active titles at the end of 2014. • Improve yield on existing customer installed base by managing title mix. We believe that more effective management of the title mix across our domestic installed base of approximately 8,740 participation gaming machines in approximately 190 gaming facilities represents an opportunity to generate incremental earnings growth without requiring growth in our domestic installed base of participation gaming machines. In addition, we expect improved game performance will likely drive incremental gaming machine placements within our customers’ facilities. • Expansion through strategic acquisitions. We are actively seeking acquisition opportunities that will have a positive effect on earnings, have strong recurring revenue and have a developed library of proprietary content. We believe that strategic acquisitions will provide for expansion into new gaming jurisdictions and increased title mix and game content will assist in increased gaming machine placements. • Develop niche products for expansion into traditional gaming markets. With approximately 1,220 casinos in 41 U.S. states as of December 31, 2014 , and the replacement cycle on equipment at a cyclical low, we believe the market potential for new games is favorable. We will target the introduction of a small number of niche participation gaming machines to a large number of casinos. • Continue expansion into Class III markets and increase penetration in Class II markets . We have a foothold of approximately 1,900 Class III recurring revenue placements (excluding Illinois), and we plan to continue expanding in this market. Utilizing new, recently-issued gaming licenses, we recently began placing and selling Class III products in three new jurisdictions (Nevada, Louisiana and Mississippi) and expect to begin placing and selling Class III products in two additional new jurisdictions in the near term (New Jersey and Connecticut). We also anticipate growing our presence in Class III markets where we currently operate, such as Oklahoma, Florida and California, by placing additional content from our expanding library of games in these states. In addition, we believe that our existing core Class II product offering is among the strongest in the industry today. We expect to continue gaining market share in existing Class II jurisdictions and are focused on penetrating newly licensed jurisdictions. • Expansion into the table games market. In the third quarter 2014, we began manufacturing and developing table games products through the acquisitions of Casino War Blackjack, Inc. (“War Blackjack”) and other intellectual property related to table games products. As of December 31, 2014 , we had approximately 390 table game units under monthly fixed fee arrangements. We plan to continue expanding our table games products through acquisitions and internal development. 4 Table of Contents Company History The Acquisition We are a Delaware corporation that was formed in August 2013 to acquire, through an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, 100% of the equity in AGS Capital, LLC (“AGS Capital”, “Predecessor”) from AGS Holdings, LLC (“AGS Holdings”). On September 16, 2013, AGS Holdings, LLC, AGS Capital and AP Gaming Acquisition, LLC (“AP Gaming Acquisition”), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Company and an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, LLC (“Apollo”), entered into an Equity Purchase Agreement (as subsequently amended and restated on December 3, 2013, the “Acquisition Agreement”). The Acquisition Agreement provided for the purchase of 100% of the equity of AGS Capital from AGS Holdings (the “Acquisition”) by AP Gaming Acquisition for an aggregate purchase price of $220.5 million. The Acquisition was consummated on December 20, 2013 (the “Closing Date”). The Acquisition was financed in part by the Senior Secured Credit Facilities (as defined herein), which are comprised of a $155 million Term Facility and a $25 million Revolving Facility (each, as defined herein). AP Gaming I, LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of AP Gaming, is the borrower of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities, which are guaranteed by AP Gaming Holdings, LLC (“AP Gaming Holdings”), AP Gaming I, LLC’s direct parent company, and each of AP Gaming I, LLC’s direct and indirect material wholly owned domestic subsidiaries including AGS Capital. Predecessor History In September 2005, AGS, LLC (“AGS”), a direct wholly owned subsidiary of AGS Capital, LLC, acquired Clapper Enterprises, Inc. and Worldwide Game Technology Corp., collectively referred to as “CEI.” Prior to 2002, CEI focused on the Class II market, utilizing new game and system software provided through its partnership with Bluberi Gaming Technologies, Inc. (“Bluberi”). CEI’s primary market was Oklahoma, which was a non-compacted, Class II-only Native American market at this time. From 2002 to 2004, CEI grew their installed base of participation gaming machines from several hundred to approximately 3,000, of which 89% were located in Oklahoma, with the remaining machines located in New York, Wyoming and Texas. See “Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Acquisitions and Divestitures.” Our historical growth primarily has been accomplished by expanding our installed base of participation gaming machines through increased penetration of existing markets and the expansion into new markets. AGS Capital added the game sale model in 2008 to complement its participation strategy. In 2010, AGS Capital recruited a new Chief Executive Officer and several highly accomplished executives to its management team. In July 2010, AGS Capital reorganized its business by reducing staff and consolidating its field service operations to its Oklahoma facility which led to the closure of its Canoga Park, California facility and the closure of its Simpsonville, South Carolina facility. In January 2012, AGS Capital agreed to terminate its existing distribution agreement with Bluberi, which provided gaming content and software systems in exchange for certain royalties, and to acquire certain rights to gaming content and software systems covered thereunder. 5 Table of Contents Corporate Structure The following chart summarizes our current corporate structure: Apollo Overview Founded in 1990, Apollo is a leading global alternative investment manager with offices in New York, Los Angeles, Houston, Bethesda, Chicago, Toronto, London, Frankfurt, Luxembourg, Singapore, Hong Kong and Mumbai. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 , Apollo had total assets under management of $160 billion and $161 billion, respectively, invested in its private equity, credit, capital markets and real estate businesses. Apollo has a long history of successfully investing funds it manages in leisure and site-based entertainment. Investments include resorts, cruise lines, gaming, theme parks, spas, golf and restaurants. Apollo has a deep understanding and significant experience in the development / construction, marketing and cross-selling activities for these assets, as well as a broad network of industry professionals. Apollo is currently invested in Caesars Entertainment Corporation, the world’s largest and most diversified casino-entertainment provider and the most geographically diverse U.S. casino-entertainment company, Gala Coral Group, one of Europe’s pre-eminent betting and gaming businesses, and Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., a leading cruise line operator with casinos across its 21 ships. 6 Table of Contents Our Operations Under our participation agreements, we provide customers with gaming machines, systems software, computer hardware, signage and other equipment for operation within their gaming facilities. In return we receive either a share of the revenue generated by these gaming machines and systems or a daily fee. The determination of whether our agreement results in a revenue share or daily fee arrangement is generally governed by local gaming jurisdictions. For our revenue share arrangements, we have historically shared between 15 – 20% of the revenues generated by the gaming machines. Under our participation agreements, we participate in selecting the mix of titles, maintain and service the equipment and oversee certain promotional efforts. In support of our business and operations, we employ a professional staff including field service technicians, production, sales, account management, marketing, technology and game development, licensing and compliance, finance and administration. Our field service technicians are responsible for installing, maintaining and servicing our gaming machines and systems. Our field service operation including our call center, which operates 24 hours a day, seven days a week, is managed out of our Oklahoma facility. We can also access most of our gaming machines and systems remotely from approved remote locations to provide software updates and routine maintenance. In addition, our gaming machine and system production facility is also located in and managed out of Oklahoma. Sales, account management and marketing are managed through our Oklahoma, Las Vegas and Illinois locations. Sales and account management oversee the customer relationship both at the individual location and corporate level and are responsible for developing new customer relationships. Account management is in charge of running on-site promotions and corporate sponsorship programs. In addition, our marketing team is in charge of general corporate marketing, including advertisements and participation at industry trade shows. Our technology and game development division operates primarily out of our Las Vegas location and secondarily out of our Toronto location. We employ game developers, software and system programmers, project managers and other development and administrative staff that oversee our internal game development efforts and manage third party relationships. Our legal, licensing and compliance division operates out of our Las Vegas and Oklahoma locations. Our licensing and compliance division oversees the application and renewal of our corporate gaming licenses, findings of suitability for key officers and directors and certification of our gaming equipment and systems for specific jurisdictions, human resources, as well as coordinating gaming equipment and software shipping and on-site and remote service of our equipment with gaming authorities. Our finance and administration division is located in our corporate headquarters in Las Vegas. Finance and administration oversees financial reporting, cash management, and other administrative and corporate functions. Products We provide our customers with gaming machines, systems software, computer hardware, signage and other equipment for operation within their gaming facilities. Roadrunner Platform We received regulatory approval for the Roadrunner platform in 2012. The Roadrunner platform represents a substantial advancement from our legacy Encore platform, both in terms of user interface and platform architecture. We designed Roadrunner to be a leading Class II gaming platform with the capability to port Class III outcomes within a Class II construct with limited degradation in game play. Since Roadrunner is able to run in both Class II and Class III formats, we are able to develop both Class II and Class III titles for the platform, and can also easily retrofit it to certain of our existing products. Utilizing both in-house and third party providers, we have created a portfolio of new titles for the Roadrunner platform. The Roadrunner platform was designed with our revenue share model in mind, and title conversions can be executed by loading software off of a USB drive. Roadrunner is also compatible with down-loadable conversions, however, regulatory standards in most jurisdictions do not currently permit this technology. Colossal Platform In September 2012, we entered into an exclusive distribution agreement with C2 Gaming, LLC (“C2 Gaming”, “Colossal”) to distribute their Class II and Class III games in California, Florida, New York, Oklahoma, Texas and Washington. In May 2014, we acquired C2 Gaming which will provide for the distribution of C2 Gaming’s platform and content to an increased number of markets in the United States (see “Acquisitions and Divestitures”). C2 Gaming’s products offer a unique 7 Table of Contents selling proposition with creatively designed oversized games. For example, the Big Red cabinet is over eight feet wide and we believe is one of the top games in both California and Oklahoma. Gaming Titles Prior to 2010, we relied solely on external content providers, and currently approximately 70% of our installed base runs on externally developed platforms, which is down approximately 15% from last year primarily related to the acquisition of C2 Gaming. We have strategically shifted our focus to create new internal content. As a result, we expect internally generated content to be a larger source of our installed base going forward. We categorize our gaming titles into two groups: “Core” and “Growth”. Our Core titles have a proven track record and are targeted at maintaining our consistent installed base. Our Growth titles include specialty and niche titles that provide a unique experience to the player and are targeted at increasing floor space in both existing and new jurisdictions. Core Titles Our Core titles primarily include content developed by Bluberi, who we partnered with in 2002. Bluberi developed our initial set of Class II games for release in the Oklahoma market. Under this agreement, we paid Bluberi a licensing fee equal to a percentage of revenues earned on titles placed in casinos that operated on Bluberi’s proprietary platform. This collaboration resulted in the development of successful Core titles, such as Royal Reels , Cool Catz and Liberty 7’s , which are among the top Class II games in the market today. These titles have historically been the highest gross earners in our product portfolio and as of December 31, 2014 , represented 46% of our installed base and 55% of our total revenue. In May 2012, we negotiated a purchase agreement with Bluberi for the licensing and royalty rights to Royal Reels , Cool Catz and Liberty 7’s , among others. We believe that there is significant value in these brands, and we plan to leverage them through developing title extensions on the Roadrunner platform. Our Core titles also include our Gambler’s Choice multi-game unit, designed specifically for the Illinois VGT market in September 2012. This unit runs on our Roadrunner platform and enables us to offer up to 24 titles per terminal, including traditional reel games, classic card games and specialty poker products in order to maximize operator and location revenue. We researched the market intensively to create carefully a portfolio of games that are well suited to player preferences for a route operated market. The resulting mix is a collection that includes several of our highest grossing titles as well as external content that was specifically licensed for use in the Illinois market. Among the offerings is Cherry Master , a game that we in-licensed and recreated for the Illinois VGT market. Growth Titles Our Growth titles operate on both our Roadrunner and Colossal platforms. Some of our Growth titles that operate on our Roadrunner platform are presented in three primary formats: mechanical wheel top box, mechanical pachinko top box and 42” vertical slant top. These self-merchandising cabinet formats are premium in nature and aesthetically appealing to the casino customer. The variety of formats allows for an appropriate level of experimentation of unique selling propositions within our product. We have also entered into licensing agreements with a number of top brands and have developed and are developing a series of trivia-based games which will be marketed as the It Pays to Know series. The brands include Ripley’s Believe it or Not! , Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader? and Family Feud . For each brand, we intend to take to market at least two different products to maximize the potential of creating a hit franchise. Our Growth titles that are operated on our Colossal platform offer a unique selling proposition with creatively designed oversized games. For example, the Colossal Diamonds game is a simple and classic 3-reel, 1-line game that uses the Big Red cabinet, which is over eight feet wide. Other Growth titles offered on our Colossal platform include Ribbit, Moo La-La and Kachingo, which all offer enjoyable gaming experiences with opportunities for free spins through regular game play. Third Party Content Our product strategy also involves title development utilizing independent design studios to create content for our Roadrunner and Colossal platforms. In November 2011, we entered into an exclusive rights agreement to license five titles, with an option to expand, from Gametech International’s video lottery terminal library for use in the Illinois market. We are also implementing the first of three titles that we acquired from Design Works Gaming, an independent studio based in Phoenix. We use third-party developers to assist in maintaining our installed base and to provide diversity in the products we offer. We are constantly seeking new studios to partner with to develop unique and successful titles on both our Roadrunner and Colossal platforms. 8 Table of Contents Table Games Products Our table games products include live, proprietary table games as well as proprietary side bets. We have acquired a number of popular brands, including In-Bet, War Blackjack and Criss Cross Poker , that are based on traditional well-known games, but provide betting options that enhance our casino customers’ operations and can spark new interest among the player. Products include both internally developed and acquired proprietary table games and add ons related to blackjack, baccarat, craps and roulette. We also offer an exciting roulette variation, referred to as the Tornado , that allows players to control the spin of the roulette ball by pressing a remote ball activation device. We believe this enhances player interaction without altering traditional roulette rules and procedures. Product Strategy Our product strategy is to develop Growth title offerings and create our own product categories and subcategories featuring these offerings. We will also test various unique game play methods on our Core titles, which will also be used to manage yield in the existing installed base. Our growing library of Core titles provides us with a broader selection to actively manage our title mix and keep our installed base fresh with new popular content. For Growth games, we intend to become the market leader in sub-categories wherever possible. For example, our It Pays to Know series of games will feature well-known brands such as Ripley’s Believe it or Not! , Are You Smarter Than a Fifth Grader? and Family Feud . All games in the It Pays to Know series will also include a trivia bonus feature, which is unique to our games. We believe this strategy will allow us to maintain our market leadership within our Class II base in existing markets and to expand into Class III casinos in other key jurisdictions. Manufacturing We have manufacturing agreements with Cole Kepro International, LLC (“ Cole ”) and VSR Industries (“VSR”) to build our gaming cabinets. We believe we have limited concentration risk with Cole and VSR, since we own the rights to our cabinet designs and thus have the ability to change manufacturers in the event of a dispute. Cole and VSR are based in Las Vegas, Nevada. Cole primarily manufactures our gaming cabinets for titles on our Roadrunner platform, while VSR primarily manufactures gaming cabinets for titles on our Colossal platform. We believe either company would be able to build our gaming cabinets for titles on either platform. Cole is owned by Kepro International, a large international manufacturing company with multiple manufacturing facilities. We also believe our gaming cabinets can easily be designed and manufactured by another of Kepro’s subsidiaries or a third-party in the event of an unforeseen interruption at Cole’s Las Vegas plant or at VSR’s facilities. Our primary gaming machine and system production facility is located in and managed out of Oklahoma. Production at this facility includes assembling and refurbishing gaming machines (excluding gaming cabinets) and servers, parts support and purchasing. Field service technicians are located in various jurisdictions throughout the U.S. and are dispatched from a central call center located in our Oklahoma facility. They are responsible for installing, maintaining and servicing the gaming machines and systems. Manufacturing commitments are generally based on projected quarterly orders from customers. Due to uneven order flow from customers, component parts common to all gaming machines are purchased and assembled into a partial product that are inventoried to be able to quickly fill final customer orders. Customers We believe the quality and breadth of our customer base is a strong testament to the effectiveness and quality of our product offerings, technological innovation and customer service. At the core of our relationship with our customers is our participation model, which aligns our financial incentives with those of our customers through a shared dependence on the games’ performance. The combination of our customer-aligned participation model, quality customer service and strong game performance has allowed us to develop long-term relationships with our tribal and commercial casino customers. Our top ten participation customers have been with us for an average of over eight years, and we believe that we maintain long-term relationships with key customer decision-makers. Oklahoma is our largest market and our participation gaming machines in the state accounted for 65% of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 . Our largest customer is the Chickasaw Nation, a Native American gaming operator in Oklahoma, which accounted for approximately 33% of our gaming revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 . The revenues we earn from the Chickasaw Nation are derived from numerous agreements, which are scheduled to expire between 2015 and 2018. We have historically offered select existing and prospective customers financing for casino 9 Table of Contents development and expansion projects in exchange for exclusive rights to a percentage of their floor space. In addition to our long-term relationships and contractual arrangements, the consistent demand for our titles from the loyal, repeat players of our titles further ensures our strong presence on our customers’ casino floors. Within the Native American market, we provide both Class II and Class III games. We also serve customers in commercial, video lottery terminal, charity bingo and route-based markets. Customer Contracts We derive the majority of our gaming revenues from participation agreements whereby we place gaming machines and systems, along with our proprietary and other licensed game content, at a customer’s facility in return for either a share of the revenues that these gaming machines and systems generate or a daily fee. We measure the performance of our domestic installed base of participation gaming machines on the net win per day per machine, often referred to as the win per day, or “WPD”. Under our participation agreements, we earn a percentage of the WPD of our domestic installed base of participation gaming machines. For the year ended December 31, 2014 , our average revenue share was 18.8% and the average WPD of our domestic installed base of participation gaming machines increased 4.3% compared to the prior year. Our standard participation contracts run one to three years in duration and may contain auto-renewal provisions for an additional term. Our standard daily fee contract, primarily for gaming machines leased in Illinois, run on average six years in duration. Our contracts generally specify the number of gaming machines and other equipment to be provided, revenue share, daily fee or other pricing, provisions regarding installation, training, service and removal of the machines, and other terms and conditions standard in the industry. In some circumstances, we enter into trial agreements with customers that provide a free or fee-based trial period during which such customers may use our gaming machines. Each trial agreement lays out the terms of payment should the customer decide to continue using our machines. Our development or similar agreements in the Native American and other markets may involve both a loan or advance of funds and a gaming equipment lease agreement. These agreements are typically longer term contracts, ranging from four to ten years depending on the amount of financing provided, market and other factors. These contracts specify the amount and timing of the advances that we will provide, the uses of those funds and target timing for the construction or remodeling of the gaming facility, if applicable. In addition, the contracts specify the repayment terms of the loans which vary by customer and agreement. Typical terms contained in these agreements include the percentage of the floor, minimum number of gaming machines, or percentage of the route operation allocated to us, the associated term or period of exclusivity for that allocation or number of gaming machines, minimum game performance thresholds, cure periods and resulting obligations, if any, and other general terms and conditions. Certain of these development agreements also contain a buyout option, which provides that upon written notice and payment of a buyout fee, the customer can terminate our floor space privileges. The IGRA states that a Native American tribe must have the “sole proprietary interest” in its gaming (25 U.S.C. § 2710(b)(2)(A)). To the extent that any of our agreements with Native American tribes are deemed by the NIGC to create an impermissible proprietary interest, such agreements would need to be amended in order to be valid. To our knowledge, none of our current agreements with Native American tribes create an impermissible proprietary interest in Indian gaming. As of the consummation of the Acquisition, $11.0 million of the notes receivable remain with the Seller. As of December 31, 2014 , there was $0.3 million in notes receivable outstanding related to a loan for gaming equipment. We generally make efforts to obtain waivers of sovereign immunity in our contracts with Native American customers. However, we do not always obtain these provisions and where we do they can be limited in scope. There is no guarantee that we will continue or improve our ability to get this term in future contracts. While we have not had any experience with contract enforceability vis-à-vis our Native American customers, we are cognizant of recent cases involving other parties dealing with waivers of sovereign immunity. Those cases put into question how sovereign immunity may be viewed by courts in the future. In the event that we enter into contracts with Native American customers in the future that do not contain a waiver of sovereign immunity, such contracts may be practically unenforceable. Our game sale contracts are typical of those in the industry. They specify the general terms and conditions of the sale, equipment and services to be provided, as well as pricing and payment terms. In some cases, we provide the central server that is used to operate the purchased equipment on a lease and charge a fee per day based on the number of gaming machines connected to the server. 10 Table of Contents Research and Development We conduct research and development through an internal team to develop new gaming systems and gaming content. Research and development costs consist primarily of salaries and benefits, travel and expenses and other professional services. We employ approximately 50 game developers, software and system programmers, project managers and other development and administrative staff that oversee internal game development efforts and manage third party relationships. The technology and game development division operates primarily out of our Las Vegas location as well as in Toronto. Competition We encounter intense competition from other designers, manufacturers and operators of electronic gaming machines and systems. Our competitors range from small, localized companies to large, multi-national corporations, several of which have substantial resources and market share. Our competitors include, but are not limited to, International Game Technologies (“IGT”), Scientific Games Corporation (“Scientific Games”), Aristocrat Technologies Inc. (“Aristocrat”), Multimedia Games, Inc. (“MGAM”), which was recently acquired by Global Cash Access Holdings, Inc., Konami Co. Ltd. (“Konami”), and Cadillac Jack. Many of our competitors are large, well-established companies with substantially larger operating staffs and greater capital resources and have been engaged in the design, manufacture and operation of electronic gaming equipment business for many years. Some of these companies contain significant intellectual property including patents in gaming technology and hardware design, systems and game play and trademarks. In addition, the larger competitors contain significantly larger content portfolios and content development capability and resources, are licensed in markets throughout the United States, and have international distribution. Scientific Games, IGT, Konami, and Aristocrat all have a presence in the back-office accounting and player tracking business which expands their relationship with casino customers. Cadillac Jack and MGAM are our primary competitors in the Class II market. To compete effectively, we must, among other things, continue to develop high performing games for the Class II and Class III markets, provide excellent service and support to our existing customers, effectively manage our installed base of participation gaming machines, expand our library of proprietary content, develop niche products with strong appeal to local players, be first to market in new non-traditional markets, implement effective marketing and sales functions, and offer competitive pricing and terms on our participation and sale agreements. Intellectual Property We have a combination of internally developed and third-party intellectual property, all of which we believe maintain and enhance our competitive position and protect our products. Such intellectual property includes owned or licensed patents, patent applications, trademarks and trademark applications in the United States and Canada. In addition, pursuant to our license agreements with third-party game developers, we license and distribute gaming software. Seasonality Seasonality Historically, our operating results have been highest during the first quarter and lowest in our third and fourth quarters, primarily due to the seasonality of player demand. Our quarterly operating results may vary based on the timing of the opening of new gaming jurisdictions, the opening or closing of casinos, the expansion or contraction of existing casinos, approval or denial of our products and corporate licenses under gaming regulations, the introduction of new products, the seasonality of customer capital budgets, the mix of domestic versus international sales and the mix of lease and royalty revenue versus sales and service revenue. Inflation Our operations have not been, nor are they expected to be in the future, materially affected by inflation. However, our operational expansion is affected by the cost of hardware components, which are not considered to be inflation sensitive, but rather, sensitive to changes in technology and competition in the hardware markets. In addition, we expect to continue to incur increased legal and other similar costs associated with regulatory compliance requirements and the uncertainties present in the operating environment in which we conduct our business. 11 Table of Contents Employees We employ a professional staff, including field service technicians, production, sales, account management, marketing, technology and game development, licensing and compliance, finance and administration, to support our business and operations. As of December 31, 2014 , we had approximately 230 full-time employees in 11 different U.S. states and Toronto, Canada. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages in the past. Regulation and Licensing We operate in numerous gaming jurisdictions, and our operations are subject to applicable federal, state, tribal and foreign governmental regulations as applicable in each of the gaming jurisdictions in which we operate. A significant portion of our operations take place at facilities conducting gaming activities on the tribal lands of Native American tribes resulting in our operations being subject to tribal and/or federal and sometimes state regulations depending on the classification of gaming being conducted in each such case as defined in the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act, or “IGRA”. In states where commercial gaming has been legalized, our operations are conducted subject to the applicable law of each such state and applicable federal laws. While the specific regulatory requirements of each state and tribal jurisdiction vary, gaming regulatory authorities typically require licenses, permits, findings of integrity and financial ability, and other forms of approval to conduct operations as a gaming equipment manufacturer and/or provider of gaming related services. It is common for regulators to require reporting and disclosure concerning our activities in other gaming jurisdictions, resulting in the possibility that business activities or disciplinary action against us in one jurisdiction could result in disciplinary action in other jurisdictions. In addition, our officers, key employees, directors, major stockholders and, in some cases, equity holders and lenders are also each subject to licensure and/or suitability findings in connection with our operations. If regulators in any jurisdiction in which we conduct business determine that any officer, key employee, director, major stockholder (or other person or entity affiliated with us and subject to regulatory scrutiny under the regulations of such jurisdiction) is unsuitable to participate in the gaming industry in such jurisdiction, then we could be required to terminate our relationship with such person. In addition, many jurisdictions require our products to be tested for compliance with the jurisdiction’s regulations prior to our being permitted to distribute our products. Our officers, key employees and operational entities have obtained or applied for all required government licenses, permits, registrations, findings of suitability, and approvals necessary to manufacture and distribute gaming products in all jurisdictions where we currently do business. In most jurisdictions, even once licensed or approved, we remain under the on-going obligation to keep the applicable gaming regulators informed of any material changes in the information provided to regulators as part of the licensing and approval process, and all licenses and approvals must be periodically renewed, in some cases as often as annually. In connection with any initial application or renewal of a gaming license or approval, we (and any individual required to submit to background review or licensure in connection with our application or renewal) are typically required to make broad and comprehensive disclosures concerning our business, including our finances, ownership and corporate structure, operations, compliance controls and business relationships. We must regularly report changes in our officers, key employees and other licensed positions to applicable gaming regulators. Gaming regulators typically have the right to disapprove any change in position by one of our officers, directors, or key employees, or require us to suspend or dismiss officers, directors, or other key employees and cause us to sever relationships with other persons or entities who refuse to file appropriate applications, or whom are found to be unsuitable. Certain gaming jurisdictions in which we are licensed may prohibit us from making a public offering of our securities without their prior approval. Similarly, changes in control of a licensee through merger, consolidation, acquisition of assets or stock, management or any form of takeover typically cannot occur without the prior approval of applicable gaming regulators. Such regulators may also require controlling stockholders, officers, directors, and other persons or entities having a material relationship or involvement with the entity proposing to acquire control, to be investigated, and licensed as part of the approval process relating to the transaction. Gaming regulators often have the power to investigate the holders of our debt or equity securities. If any holder of our debt or equity securities is found unsuitable by any gaming regulator in a jurisdiction in which we conduct business, our licensure or approval to conduct business in such jurisdiction could be subject to non-renewal, suspension or forfeiture. Most gaming jurisdictions impose fees and taxes that are payable by us in connection with our application, maintenance and renewal of our licensure or our approval to conduct business. 12 Table of Contents Federal Registration The Gambling Devices Act of 1962 makes it unlawful for a person to manufacture, transport, or receive gaming devices, or components across interstate lines unless that person has first registered with the Attorney General of the U.S. Department of Justice. This act also imposes gambling device identification and record keeping requirements. Violation of this act may result in seizure and forfeiture of the equipment, as well as other penalties. As an entity involved in the manufacture and transportation of gaming devices, we are required to register annually. Native American Gaming The rules for Native American gaming were established in 1988 under the IGRA. Under the IGRA, gaming activities conducted by federally recognized Native American tribes are segmented into three classes of gaming activities: Class I. Class I gaming represents traditional forms of Native American gaming as part of, or in connection with, tribal ceremonies or celebrations (e.g., contests and games of skill) and social gaming for minimal prizes. Class I gaming is regulated only by individual Native American tribes. We do not participate in any Class I gaming activities. Class II. Class II gaming involves the game of chance commonly known as bingo (whether or not electronic, computer, or other technological aids are used in connection therewith to facilitate play) and if played in the same location as the bingo, also includes pull tabs, punch board, tip jars, instant bingo, and other games similar to bingo. Class II gaming also includes non-banked card games, that is, games that are played exclusively against other players rather than against the house or a player acting as a bank. However, the definition of Class II gaming specifically excludes slot machines or electronic facsimiles of Class III games. Class II gaming is regulated by the National Indian Gaming Commission (the “ NIGC ”) and the laws of the Native American tribe conducting such gaming. Subject to the detailed requirements of the IGRA, federally recognized Native American tribes are typically permitted to conduct Class II gaming on Indian lands pursuant to tribal ordinances approved by the NIGC. Class III. Class III gaming includes all other forms of gaming that are neither Class I nor Class II and includes a broad range of traditional casino games such as slot machines, blackjack, craps and roulette, as well as wagering games and electronic facsimiles of any game of chance. The IGRA generally permits a Native American tribe to conduct Class III gaming activities on reservation lands subject to the detailed requirements of the IGRA, including NIGC approval of such Native American tribe’s gaming ordinance and the entering into of a compact between such Native American tribe and the state in which the Native American tribe intends to conduct Class III gaming activities on its trust lands. The IGRA is administered by the NIGC and the Secretary of the U.S. Department of the Interior. The NIGC has authority to issue regulations related to tribal gaming activities, approve tribal ordinances for regulating gaming, approve management agreements for gaming facilities, conduct investigations and monitor tribal gaming generally. The IGRA is subject to interpretation by the NIGC and may be subject to judicial and legislative clarification or amendment. The gaming ordinance of each Native American tribe conducting gaming under the IGRA and the terms of any applicable tribal/state compact establish the regulatory requirements under which we must conduct business on Native American tribal lands. Under the IGRA, the NIGC’s authority to approve gaming-related contracts is limited to management contracts and collateral agreements related to management contracts. A “management contract” includes any agreement between a Native American tribe and a contractor if such contract or agreement provides for the management of all or part of a gaming operation. To the extent that any of our agreements with Native American tribes are deemed to be management contracts, such agreements would require the approval of the NIGC in order to be valid. To our knowledge, none of our current agreements with Native American tribes qualify as management contracts under the IGRA. In addition, as discussed above under “—Customers—Customer Contracts,” to the extent that any of our agreements with Native American tribes are deemed by the NIGC to create an impermissible proprietary interest, such agreements would need to be amended in order to be valid. To our knowledge, none of our current agreements with Native American tribes create an impermissible proprietary interest in Indian gaming. International Regulation Certain foreign countries permit the importation, sale, and operation of gaming equipment in casino and non-casino environments. Some countries prohibit or restrict the payout feature of the traditional slot machine or limit the operation and the number of slot machines to a controlled number of casinos or casino-like locations. Each gaming machine must comply with the individual country’s regulations. Certain jurisdictions do not require the licensing of gaming machine operators and manufacturers. 13 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. The following risk factors should be considered carefully in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed below as well as those discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our success in the competitive gaming industry depends in large part on our ability to develop and manage frequent introductions of innovative products. If we are unable to successfully and frequently introduce innovative products, we may be at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors, which could negatively impact our business. The gaming industry is characterized by dynamic customer demand and technological advances. As a result, we must continually introduce and successfully market new themes and technologies in order to remain competitive and effectively stimulate customer demand. There is no assurance that our investments in research and development will lead to successful new technologies or timely new products. We invest heavily in product development in various disciplines from hardware, software and firmware engineering to game design, video, multimedia, graphics and sound. Because our newer products are generally more technologically sophisticated than those we have produced in the past, we must continually refine our production capabilities to meet the needs of our product innovation. If we cannot efficiently adapt our manufacturing infrastructure to meet the needs of our product innovations, or if we are unable to make upgrades in our production capacity in a timely manner, our business could be negatively impacted. Our customers will generally accept a new product if it is likely to increase operator profits. The amount of operator profits primarily depends on consumer play levels, which are influenced by player demand for our products. There is no assurance that our new products will attain this market acceptance or that our competitors will not more effectively anticipate or respond to changing customer preferences. In addition, any delays by us in introducing new products on schedule could negatively impact our operating results by providing an opportunity for our competitors to introduce new products and gain market share ahead of us. Our business is vulnerable to changing economic conditions and to other factors that adversely affect the casino industry, which have negatively impacted and could continue to negatively impact the play levels of our participation games, our product sales and our ability to collect outstanding receivables from our customers. Demand for our products and services depends largely upon favorable conditions in the casino industry, which is highly sensitive to casino patrons’ disposable incomes and gaming activities. Discretionary spending on entertainment activities could further decline for reasons beyond our control, such as continued negative economic conditions, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism or transportation disruptions, including as a result of adverse weather conditions. Any prolonged or significant decrease in consumer spending on entertainment activities could result in reduced play levels on our participation games, causing our cash flows and revenues from a large share of our recurring revenue products to decline. Unfavorable economic conditions have also resulted in a tightening in the credit markets, decreased liquidity in many financial markets, and significant volatility in the credit and equity markets. Furthermore, the extended economic downturn has impacted and could continue to impact the ability of our customers to purchase new gaming equipment or make timely payments to us. We have incurred, and may continue to incur, additional provisions for bad debt related to credit concerns on certain receivables. Our inability to complete future acquisitions and integrate those businesses successfully could limit our future growth. From time to time, we pursue strategic acquisitions in support of our strategic goals. In connection with any such acquisitions, we could face significant challenges in managing and integrating our expanded or combined operations, including acquired assets, operations and personnel. There can be no assurance that acquisition opportunities will be available on acceptable terms or at all or that we will be able to obtain necessary financing or regulatory approvals to complete potential acquisitions. Our ability to succeed in implementing our strategy will depend to some degree upon the ability of our management to identify, complete and successfully integrate commercially viable acquisitions. Acquisition transactions may disrupt our ongoing business and distract management from other responsibilities. 14 Table of Contents We may not achieve the intended benefits of our recent acquisitions, or such acquisitions may disrupt our current plans and operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully integrate the businesses we have acquired, including our recent acquisitions of C2 Gaming and War Blackjack, or do so within the intended timeframes or otherwise realize the expected benefits of such acquisitions. The expected cost synergies associated with such acquisitions may not be fully realized in the anticipated amounts or within the contemplated timeframes or cost expectations, which could result in increased costs and have an adverse effect on our prospects, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. Our business may be negatively impacted if we are unable to effectively manage our expanded operations. The integration of these acquisitions will require significant time and focus from management and may divert attention from the day‑to‑day operations of the combined business or delay the achievement of our strategic objectives. We expect to incur incremental costs and capital expenditures related to our contemplated integration activities. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from making debt service payments. We have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness. As of December 31, 2014 , we had $171.7 million of outstanding indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness could have significant effects on our business. For example, it could: • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness; • increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic, industry and competitive conditions; • reduce the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital and capital expenditures, because we will be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less highly leveraged and that, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our leverage prevents us from exploiting; and • limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds or dispose of assets. Demand for our products and the level of play of our products could be adversely affected by changes in player and operator preferences. As a supplier of gaming machines, we must offer themes and products that appeal to gaming operators and players. Our revenues are dependent on the earning power and life span of our games. We therefore face continuous pressure to design and deploy new and successful game themes and technologically innovative products to maintain our revenue and remain competitive. If we are unable to anticipate or react timely to any significant changes in player preferences, the demand for our gaming products and the level of play of our gaming products could decline. Further, our products could suffer a loss of floor space to table games or other more technologically advanced games, we could fail to meet certain minimum performance levels, or operators may reduce revenue sharing arrangements with us, each of which could negatively impact our sales and financial results. In addition, general changes in consumer behavior, such as reduced travel activity or redirection of entertainment dollars to other venues, could result in reduced demand and reduced play levels for our gaming products. The gaming industry is intensely competitive. If we are unable to compete effectively, our business could be negatively impacted. Competition among manufacturers of electronic gaming equipment and systems is intense. Competition in our industry is primarily based on the amount of profit our products generate for our customers, together with cost savings, convenience and other benefits. We compete through the appeal of game content and features to the end player, the features and functionality of our hardware and software products, and the service and support we provide. Our competitors range from small, localized companies to large, multi-national corporations. Many of our competitors are large, well-established companies with substantially larger operating staffs and greater capital resources and have been engaged in the design, manufacture and operation of electronic gaming equipment business for many years. Some of these companies own significant intellectual 15 Table of Contents property, including patents in gaming technology and hardware design, systems and game play and trademarks. In addition, our larger competitors may have significantly larger content portfolios and content development capability and resources, are licensed in markets throughout the United States, and have international distribution. Obtaining space and favorable placement on casino gaming floors is also a competitive factor in our industry. In addition, the level of competition among equipment providers has increased significantly due to, among other factors, cutbacks in capital spending by casino operators resulting from the economic downturn and decreased player spend. In select instances, we may pay for the right to place gaming machines on a casino’s floor and increased fee requirements from such casino operators may greatly reduce our profitability. In addition, we face competition from other segments of the gaming industry, including internet gambling, and state lotteries. There can be no assurance that new technologies or markets, such as legalized internet gambling, will not emerge that will increase these competitive pressures. Our ability to operate in our existing markets or expand into new jurisdictions could be adversely affected by changing regulations, new interpretations of existing laws, and difficulties or delays in obtaining or maintaining required licenses or approvals. We operate only in jurisdictions where gaming is legal. The gaming industry is subject to extensive governmental regulation by U.S. federal, state and local governments, as well as Native American tribal governments, and foreign governments. While the regulatory requirements vary by jurisdiction, most require: • licenses and/or permits; • documentation of qualifications, including evidence of financial stability; • other required approvals for companies who design, assemble, supply or distribute gaming equipment and services; and • individual suitability of officers, directors, major stockholders, key employees and business partners. Any license, permit, approval or finding of suitability may be revoked, suspended or conditioned at any time. We may not be able to obtain or maintain all necessary registrations, licenses, permits or approvals, or could experience delays related to the licensing process which could adversely affect our operations and our ability to retain key employees. To expand into new jurisdictions, in most cases, we will need to be licensed, obtain approvals of our products and/or seek licensure of our officers, directors, major equity holders, key employees or business partners and potentially lenders. If we fail to obtain a license required in a particular jurisdiction for our games and gaming machines, hardware or software or have such license revoked, we will not be able to expand into, or continue doing business in, such jurisdiction. Any delays in obtaining or difficulty in maintaining regulatory approvals needed for expansion within existing markets or into new jurisdictions can negatively affect our opportunities for growth. In addition, the failure of our officers, directors, key employees or business partners or lenders to obtain or receive licenses in one or more jurisdictions may require us to modify or terminate our relationship with such officers, directors, key employees or business partners or forego doing business in such jurisdiction. Although we plan to maintain our compliance with applicable laws as they evolve, there can be no assurance that we will do so and that law enforcement or gaming regulatory authorities will not seek to restrict our business in their jurisdictions or institute enforcement proceedings if we are not compliant. Moreover, in addition to the risk of enforcement action, we are also at risk of loss of business reputation in the event of any potential legal or regulatory investigation whether or not we are ultimately accused of or found to have committed any violation. A negative regulatory finding or ruling in one jurisdiction could have adverse consequences in other jurisdictions, including with gaming regulators. Furthermore, the failure to become licensed, or the loss or conditioning of a license, in one market may have the adverse effect of preventing licensing in other markets or the revocation of licenses we already maintain. Further, changes in existing gaming regulations or new interpretations of existing gaming laws may hinder or prevent us from continuing to operate in those jurisdictions where we currently do business, which would harm our operating results. In particular, the enactment of unfavorable legislation or government efforts affecting or directed at manufacturers or gaming operators, such as referendums to increase gaming taxes or requirements to use local distributors, would likely have a negative impact on our operations. Many jurisdictions also require extensive personal and financial disclosure and background checks from persons and entities beneficially owning a specified percentage (typically 5% or more) of our equity securities and may require the same from our lenders. The failure of these beneficial owners or lenders to submit to such background checks and provide required disclosure could jeopardize our ability to obtain or maintain licensure in such jurisdictions. 16 Table of Contents Our revenues are vulnerable to the impact of changes to the Class II regulatory scheme. Our Native American tribal customers that operate Class II games under the IGRA are subject to regulation by the NIGC. The NIGC is currently conducting consultations with industry participants regarding Native American gaming activities, including the clarification of regulations regarding Class II gaming machines. It is possible that any such changes in regulations, when finally enacted, could cause us to modify our Class II games to comply with the new regulations, which may result in our products becoming less competitive. Any required conversion of games pursuant to changing regulatory schemes could cause a disruption to our business. In addition, we could lose market share to competitors who offer games that do not appear to comply with published regulatory restrictions on Class II games and therefore offer features not available in our products. Our ability to effectively compete in Native American gaming markets is vulnerable to legal and regulatory uncertainties, including the ability to enforce contractual rights on Native American land. For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 , we derived a significant amount of our revenue from participation agreements with Native American gaming operators. Because federally recognized Native American tribes are independent governments with sovereign powers, subject to the IGRA, Native American tribes can enact their own laws and regulate gaming operations and contracts. Native American tribes maintain their own governmental systems and often their own judicial systems and have the right to tax persons and enterprises conducting business on Native American lands. Native American tribes also often have the right to require licenses and to impose other forms of regulation and regulatory fees on persons and businesses operating on their lands. In the absence of a specific grant of authority by Congress, U.S. states may regulate activities taking place on Native American lands only if the Native American tribe has a specific agreement or compact with the state. Our contracts with Native American tribal customers normally provide that only certain provisions, if any, will be subject to the governing law of the state in which a Native American tribe is located. However, these choice-of-law clauses may not always be enforceable. Further, Native American tribes generally enjoy sovereign immunity from lawsuits similar to that of the individual U.S. states and the United States. Before we can sue or enforce contract rights with a Native American tribe, or an agency or instrumentality of a Native American tribe (for example, to collect revenue pursuant to our participation agreements or foreclose on financed gaming machines), the Native American tribe must effectively waive its sovereign immunity with respect to the matter in dispute, which we are not always able to obtain. Without a limited waiver of sovereign immunity, or if such waiver is held to be ineffective, we could be precluded from judicially enforcing any rights or remedies against a Native American tribe, including the right to enter Native American lands to retrieve our property in the event of a breach of contract by the tribe that is party to the disputed contract. Even if the waiver of sovereign immunity by a Native American tribe is deemed effective, there could be an issue as to the forum in which a lawsuit can be brought against the Native American tribe. Federal courts are courts of limited jurisdiction and generally do not have jurisdiction to hear civil cases relating to Native American tribes and we may be unable to enforce any arbitration decision effectively. In addition, courts have held that certain laws of general application, such as the United States patent, trademark and trade secret laws, are not binding on Native American tribes absent a binding waiver of sovereign immunity. While we have not had any experience with contract enforceability vis-à-vis our Native American customers, we are cognizant of recent cases involving other parties dealing with waivers of sovereign immunity. Those cases put into question how sovereign immunity may be viewed by courts in the future. Our agreements with Native American tribes are often subject to review by regulatory authorities. For example, our development agreements may be subject to review by the NIGC and any such review could require substantial modifications to our agreements or result in the determination that we have a proprietary interest in a Native American tribe’s gaming activity, which could materially and adversely affect the terms on which we conduct our business. The NIGC may also reinterpret applicable laws and regulations, which could affect our agreements with Native American tribes. Government enforcement, regulatory action, judicial decisions and proposed legislative action have in the past affected, and will likely continue to affect, our business, operating results and prospects. Regulatory action against our customers or equipment on Native American tribal lands or in other markets could result in machine seizures and significant revenue disruptions, among other adverse consequences. Moreover, Native American tribal policies and procedures, as well as tribal selection of gaming vendors, are subject to the political and governance environment within the Native American tribe. Changes in tribal leadership or tribal political pressure can affect our business relationships within Native American markets. State compacts with our existing Native American tribal customers to allow Class III gaming could reduce demand for our Class II games and our entry into the Class III market may be difficult as we compete against larger companies in the tribal Class III market. Certain of our Class II Native American tribal customers have entered into compacts with the states in which they operate to permit the operation of Class III games. While we seek to also provide Class III alternatives in these markets, we believe the 17 Table of Contents number of our Class II game machine placements in those customers’ facilities could decline, and our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. As our Native American tribal customers continue to transition to gaming under compacts with the state, we continue to face significant uncertainty in the market that makes our business in these states difficult to manage and predict and we may be forced to compete with larger companies that specialize in Class III gaming. We believe the establishment of state compacts depends on a number of political, social, and economic factors that are inherently difficult to ascertain. Accordingly, although we attempt to closely monitor state legislative developments that could affect our business, we may not be able to timely predict if or when a compact could be entered into by one or more of our Native American tribal customers. For example, in Oklahoma, the continued introduction of Class III games since the passage of the tribal gaming compact in 2004 may put pressure our revenue and unit market share and our revenue share percentages and may result in a shift in the market from revenue share arrangements to a “for sale” model. The percentage of gaming revenue we receive pursuant to our participation agreements with our Native American tribal customers has, on average, decreased in recent years and may continue to decrease in the future. The percentage of gaming revenue we receive pursuant to our participation agreements, or our participation rates, with our Native American tribal customers has, on average, decreased in recent years, negatively affecting our profit margins. There can be no assurance that participation rates will not decrease further in the future. In addition, our Native American tribal customers may adopt policies or insist upon additional business terms during the renewal of our existing participation agreements that negatively affect the profitability of those relationships. In addition, any participation agreements we may enter into in the future with new customers or in new jurisdictions may not have terms as favorable as our existing participation agreements. Slow growth in the development of new gaming jurisdictions or the number of new casinos, declines in the rate of replacement of existing gaming machines and ownership changes and consolidation in the casino industry could limit or reduce our future prospects. Demand for our new participation gaming machine placements and game sales is partially driven by the development of new gaming jurisdictions, the addition of new casinos or expansion of existing casinos within existing gaming jurisdictions and the replacement of existing gaming machines. The establishment or expansion of gaming in any jurisdiction typically requires a public referendum or other legislative action. As a result, gaming continues to be the subject of public debate, and there are numerous active organizations that oppose gaming. There can be no assurances that new gaming jurisdictions will be established in the future or that existing jurisdictions will expand gaming and, to the extent states such as Illinois delay, reverse or alter planned expansions in gaming, our growth strategy could be negatively impacted. To the extent new gaming jurisdictions are established or expanded, we cannot guarantee we will be successful penetrating such new jurisdictions or expanding our business in line with the growth of existing jurisdictions. As we enter into new markets, we may encounter legal and regulatory challenges that are difficult or impossible to foresee and which could result in an unforeseen adverse impact on planned revenues or costs associated with the new market opportunity. If we are unable to effectively develop and operate within these new markets, then our business, operating results and financial condition would be impaired. Furthermore, as we attempt to generate new streams of revenue by placing our participation gaming machines with new customers we may have difficulty implementing an effective placement strategy for jurisdictional specific games. Our failure to successfully implement an effective placement strategy could cause our future operating results to vary materially from what management has forecast. We entered the emerging Illinois VGT market in 2012. The Illinois VGT market is still developing and operates pursuant to a unique regulatory structure. For example, while the state legislature in Illinois has passed laws permitting VGT’s, municipalities and counties have the power to opt out of the VGT legislation and ban VGT’s in their respective municipality or unincorporated areas within their respective county or repeal bans if they already exist to allow VGT’s. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe approximately 151 municipalities and six counties have chosen to opt out of the VGT legislation and ban VGT’s in their respective municipality or unincorporated areas within their respective county. Furthermore, the City of Chicago is required to affirmatively allow VGT’s in order for establishments within Chicago to operate VGT’s on their premises since its ordinances currently prohibit VGT’s. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, Chicago has not affirmatively allowed VGT’s and establishments within Chicago are not permitted to operate VGT’s on their premises. While we believe Chicago will allow VGT’s in the future, we cannot guarantee this will happen or that other municipalities or counties will not choose to opt out of the VGT legislation and ban VGT’s in their respective municipality or unincorporated areas within their respective county. We cannot guarantee that the Illinois VGT market will develop into a viable gaming market or that our business model will be as effective in the Illinois VGT market as we currently project or as effective as in other jurisdictions in which we operate. If the Illinois VGT market does not develop or our business model is not as effective as projected, we may not be able to capitalize on our investments in Illinois and our Illinois business may not be profitable. 18 Table of Contents In addition, the construction of new casinos or expansion of existing casinos fluctuates with demand, general economic conditions and the availability of financing. The rate of gaming growth in North America has decelerated and machine replacements are at historically low levels. Slow growth in the establishment of new gaming jurisdictions or delays in the opening of new or expanded casinos and continued declines in, or low levels of demand for, machine replacements could reduce the demand for our products and our future profits. Our business could be negatively affected if one or more of our customers is sold to or merges with another entity that utilizes more of the products and services of one of our competitors or that reduces spending on our products or causes downward pricing pressures. Such consolidations could lead to order cancellations, a slowing in the rate of gaming machine replacements, or require our current customers to switch to our competitors’ products, any of which could negatively impact our results of operations. We may not realize satisfactory returns on money lent to new and existing customers to develop or expand gaming facilities or to acquire gaming routes. We enter into agreements to provide financing for construction, expansion, or remodeling of gaming facilities, primarily in the State of Oklahoma, and also have agreements in other jurisdictions, such as Illinois, where we provide loans and advances to route operators to acquire location contracts and fund working capital. Under these agreements, we secure long-term contracts for game placements under either a revenue share or daily fee basis in exchange for the loans and advances. We may not, however, realize the anticipated benefits of any of these strategic relationships or financings as our success in these ventures is dependent upon the timely completion of the gaming facility, the placement of our gaming machines, and a favorable regulatory environment. These activities may result in unforeseen operating difficulties, financial risks, or required expenditures that could adversely affect our liquidity. In connection with one or more of these transactions, and to obtain the necessary funds to enter these agreements, we may need to extend secured and unsecured credit to potential or existing customers that may not be repaid, incur debt on terms unfavorable to us or that we are unable to repay, or incur other contingent liabilities. The failure to maintain controls and processes related to billing and collecting accounts receivable or the deterioration of the financial condition of our customers could negatively impact our business. As a result of these agreements, the collection of notes receivable has become a matter of greater significance. While we believe the increased level of these specific receivables has allowed us to grow our business, it has also required direct, additional focus of and involvement by management. Further, and especially due to the current downturn in the economy, some of our customers may not pay the notes receivable when due. For the year ended December 31, 2014 , 33% of our gaming revenue was derived from one customer and 65% of our revenue was generated from gaming operations in the state of Oklahoma. For the year ended December 31, 2014 , 65% of our total revenue was derived from gaming operations in Oklahoma, and 33% of our total gaming revenue was from one Native American gaming tribe in that state. The significant concentration of our revenue in Oklahoma means that local economic, regulatory and licensing changes in Oklahoma may adversely affect our business disproportionately to changes in national economic conditions, including adverse economic declines or slower economic recovery from prior declines. While we continue to seek to diversify the markets in which we operate, changes to our business, operations, game performance and customer relationships in Oklahoma, due to changing gaming regulations or licensing requirements, higher taxes, increased competition, declines in market revenue share percentages or otherwise, could have a material and adverse effect on or financial condition and results of operations. In addition, changes in our relationship with our largest customer, including a decrease in revenue share, removal of gaming machines or non-renewal of contracts, could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, neighboring states such as Kansas, Texas and Arkansas have passed or could pass gaming legislation, which could take market share from Oklahoma gaming facilities or otherwise negatively impact the Oklahoma gaming market and, as a result, negatively impact our business. We may be unable to protect or enforce our intellectual property. Protection of our proprietary processes, methods and other technology is important to our business. We generally rely on the patent, trademark and trade secret laws of the United States and certain other countries in which our products are produced or sold, as well as licenses and nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements, to protect our intellectual property rights. The patent, trademark and trade secret laws of some countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. At least one federal court has held that United States patent, trademark and trade secret laws of general application are not binding on Native American tribes absent a binding waiver of sovereign immunity. A significant portion of our revenue is generated from products that use or incorporate certain intellectual property, and our operating results could be negatively impacted if we are unsuccessful in protecting these rights from infringement. In 19 Table of Contents addition, some of our games and features are based on trademarks, patents and other intellectual property licensed from third parties. Our future success may depend upon our ability to develop, obtain, retain and/or expand licenses for popular products and underlying intellectual property rights on reasonable terms in a competitive market, which may not be available on terms acceptable to us, or may not be available at all. In the event that we cannot renew and/or expand existing licenses, we may be required to discontinue or limit our use of the games or gaming machines that use the licensed technology or bear the licensed marks. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain trademark protection for the names or symbols under which we market our products and to obtain patent protection for our proprietary content and technologies. We may not be able to build and maintain goodwill in our trademarks or obtain trademark or patent protection, and there can be no assurance that any trademark, copyright or issued patent will provide competitive advantages for us, or that our intellectual property will not be successfully challenged or circumvented by competitors. Additionally, any issued patents that cover our proprietary technology may not provide us with sufficient protection or be commercially beneficial to us. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its validity or its enforceability. The U.S. federal courts or equivalent national courts or patent offices elsewhere may invalidate our patents or find them unenforceable. Competitors may also be able to design around our patents. If we are unable to protect our patented technologies, we may not be able to commercialize our technologies, products or services and our competitors could commercialize our technologies. We also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how to protect certain proprietary knowledge and we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with certain of our employees and independent contractors regarding our trade secrets and proprietary information. However, there can be no guarantees that every employee and consultant will execute these agreements or that our employees and consultants will not breach these agreements. If these agreements are breached, it is unlikely that the remedies available to us will be sufficient to compensate us for the damages suffered. Additionally, despite various confidentiality agreements and other trade secret protections, our trade secrets and proprietary know-how could become known to, or independently developed by, competitors. Moreover, if our competitors independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods or know-how, it will be more difficult for us to enforce our rights and our business could be harmed. We have a limited ability to prevent others from creating materially similar products. Despite our efforts to protect these proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may try to copy our gaming products, business models or systems, use certain of our confidential information to develop competing products, or develop independently or otherwise obtain and use our gaming products or technology, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may be subject to claims of intellectual property infringement or invalidity and adverse outcomes of litigation could adversely affect our operating results. Competitors and others may infringe on our intellectual property rights, or may allege that we have infringed on their intellectual property rights. Monitoring infringement and misappropriation of intellectual property can be difficult and expensive, and we may not be able to detect infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary rights. We may also incur significant litigation expenses protecting our intellectual property or defending third-party intellectual property claims. These expenses could have an adverse effect on our future cash flows and results of operations. Although we carry general liability insurance, our insurance does not cover potential claims of this type. If we are found to infringe on the rights of others we could be required to re-design or discontinue offering certain products or systems, to pay damages or to purchase a license to use the intellectual property in question from its owner, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. Litigation can also distract management from the day-to-day operations of our business. There can be no assurances that certain of our products will not be determined to have infringed upon a third-party patent. In addition, any of our current or future patents or patent applications, or those of our licensors, could face other challenges, such as interference proceedings, opposition proceedings and re-examination proceedings. Any such challenge, if successful, could result in the invalidation of, or in a narrowing of the scope of, any such current or future patents or patent applications. Any such challenges, regardless of their success, would likely be time-consuming and expensive to defend and resolve, and would divert management time and attention. Failure to attract, retain and motivate key employees may adversely affect our ability to compete. Our success depends largely on recruiting and retaining talented employees. The market for qualified, licensable executives and highly skilled, technical workers, such as content developers, is intensely competitive. The loss of key employees or an inability to hire a sufficient number of technical workers could limit our ability to develop successful products, cause delays in getting new products to market, cause disruptions to our customer relationships or otherwise adversely affect our business. States and other jurisdictions may amend or repeal gaming enabling legislation which could materially impact our business. 20 Table of Contents States and other jurisdictions may amend or repeal gaming enabling legislation which could materially impact our business. Changes to gaming enabling legislation could increase our operating expenses and compliance costs or decrease the profitability of our operations. Repeal of gaming enabling legislation could result in losses of capital investments and revenue and limit future growth opportunities. For example, recently, charity gaming facilities in Alabama were forced to close due to regulatory uncertainties in the market pertaining to the legality of electronic bingo games which negatively impact our revenue and ability to collect on receivables. If any jurisdiction in which we operate were to repeal gaming enabling legislation, there could be no assurance that we could sufficiently increase our revenue in other markets to maintain operations or service our existing indebtedness. Our business competes on the basis of the security and integrity of our systems and products. We believe that our success depends, in part, on providing secure products and systems to our vendors and customers. Attempts to penetrate security measures may come from various combinations of customers, retailers, vendors, employees and others. Our ability to monitor and ensure the quality of our products is periodically reviewed and enhanced. Similarly, we assess the adequacy of our security systems to protect against any material loss to any of our customers and the integrity of the product to end-users. There can be no assurance that our business will not be affected by a security breach or lapse, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, business or prospects. Our information technology and other systems are subject to cyber security risk including misappropriation of customer information or other breaches of information security. We rely on information technology and other systems to maintain and transmit customer financial information, credit card settlements, credit card funds transmissions, mailing lists and reservations information. Our information and processes are exposed to the ever-changing threat of compromised security, in the form of a risk of potential breach, system failure, computer virus, or unauthorized or fraudulent use by customers, company employees, or employees of third party vendors. The steps we take to deter and mitigate these risks may not be successful, and any resulting compromise or loss of data or systems could adversely impact, operations or regulatory compliance and could result in remedial expenses, fines, litigation, and loss of reputation, potentially impacting our financial results. Our gaming machines may experience losses due to technical problems or fraudulent activities. Our success depends on our ability to avoid, detect, replicate and correct software and hardware anomalies and fraudulent manipulation of our gaming machines. We incorporate security features into the design of our gaming machines and other systems, which are designed to prevent us, our customers and patrons of our gaming machines from being defrauded. We also monitor our software and hardware to avoid, detect and correct any technical errors. However, there can be no guarantee that our security features or technical efforts will continue to be effective in the future. If our security systems fail to prevent fraud or if we experience any significant technical difficulties, our operating results could be adversely affected. Additionally, if third parties breach our security systems and defraud patrons of our gaming machines, or if our hardware or software experiences any technical anomalies, our customers and the public may lose confidence in our gaming machines and operations, or we could become subject to legal claims by our customers or to investigation by gaming authorities. Our gaming machines have experienced anomalies and fraudulent manipulation in the past. Games and gaming machines may be replaced by casinos and other gaming machine operators if they do not perform according to expectations, or may be shut down by regulators. The occurrence of anomalies in, or fraudulent manipulation of, our gaming machines may give rise to claims for lost revenues and related litigation by our customers and may subject us to investigation or other action by gaming regulatory authorities, including suspension or revocation of our gaming licenses or other disciplinary action. Although our network is private, it is susceptible to outages due to fire, floods, power loss, break-ins, cyberattacks and similar events. We have multiple site back-up for our services in the event of any such occurrence. Despite our implementation of network security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses and break-ins. Similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems in any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Adverse weather conditions, particularly flooding, tornadoes, heavy snowfall and other extreme weather conditions often deter our customer’s end users from traveling, or make it difficult for them to frequent the sites where our games are installed. If any of those sites experienced prolonged adverse weather conditions, or if the sites in Oklahoma, where a significant number of our games are installed, simultaneously experienced adverse weather conditions, our results of operations and financial condition would be materially and adversely affected. We could face risks associated with, or arising out of, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that (i) regulate certain activities and operations that may have environmental or health and safety effects, such as the use of regulated materials in the manufacture of our 21 Table of Contents products by third parties or our disposal of materials, substances or wastes, (ii) impose liability for costs of cleaning up, and damages to natural resources from, past spills, waste disposals on and off-site, or other releases of hazardous materials or regulated substances, and (iii) regulate workplace safety. Compliance with these laws and regulations could increase our and our third-party manufacturers’ costs and impact the availability of components required to manufacture our products. Violation of these laws may subject us to significant fines, penalties or disposal costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. We could be responsible for the investigation and remediation of environmental conditions at currently or formerly operated or leased sites, as well as for associated liabilities, including liabilities for natural resource damages, third party property damage or personal injury resulting from lawsuits that could be brought by the government or private litigants, relating to our operations, the operations of facilities or the land on which our facilities are located. We may be subject to these liabilities regardless of whether we lease or own the facility, and regardless of whether such environmental conditions were created by us or by a prior owner or tenant, or by a third party or a neighboring facility whose operations may have affected such facility or land. That is because liability for contamination under certain environmental laws can be imposed on current or past owners or operators of a site without regard to fault. We cannot assure you that environmental conditions relating to our prior, existing or future sites or those of predecessor companies whose liabilities we may have assumed or acquired will not have a material adverse effect on our business. If our products contain defects, our reputation could be harmed and our results of operations adversely affected. Some of our products are complex and may contain undetected defects. The occurrence of defects or malfunctions in one or more of our products could result in financial losses for our customers and in turn termination of leases, cancellation of orders, product returns and diversion of our resources. Any of these occurrences could also result in the loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products and loss of revenue. Our business is subject to quarterly fluctuation. Historically, our operating results have been highest during the first quarter and lowest in our third and fourth quarters, primarily due to the seasonality of player demand. Our quarterly operating results may vary based on the timing of the opening of new gaming jurisdictions, the opening or closing of casinos, the expansion or contraction of existing casinos, approval or denial of our products and corporate licenses under gaming regulations, the introduction of new products, the seasonality of customer capital budgets, the mix of domestic versus international sales and the mix of lease and royalty revenue versus sales and service revenue. As a result, our operating results could be volatile, particularly on a quarterly basis. Some of our products contain open source software which may be subject to restrictive open source licenses, requiring us to make our source code available to third parties and potentially granting third parties certain rights to the software. Some of our products contain open source software which may be subject to restrictive open source licenses. Some of these licenses may require that we make our source code governed by the open source software licenses available to third parties and/or license such software under the terms of a particular open source license, potentially granting third parties certain rights to our software. We may incur legal expenses in defending against claims that we did not abide by such licenses. If our defenses are unsuccessful, we may be enjoined from distributing products containing such open source software, be required to make the relevant source code available to third parties, be required to grant third parties certain rights to the software, be subject to potential damages or be required to remove the open source software from our products. Any of these outcomes could disrupt our distribution and sale of related products and adversely affect our business. Recently introduced or proposed smoking bans at customer facilities may adversely impact our revenues. Some U.S. jurisdictions have recently introduced or proposed smoking bans in public venues, including casinos, which may reduce player traffic in the facilities of our current and prospective customers, which may reduce revenues on our participation gaming machines or impair our future growth prospects and therefore may adversely impact our revenues in those jurisdictions. Other participants in the gaming industry have reported declines in gaming revenues following the introduction of a smoking ban in jurisdictions in which they operate and we cannot predict the magnitude or timing of any decrease in revenues resulting from the introduction of a smoking ban in any jurisdiction in which we operate. We are controlled by AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC, which may have conflicts of interest with us in the future and may have interests that differ from the interests of holders of our common stock. Currently, all of our outstanding shares of common stock are owned by Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. Since our initial issuance of shares of our common stock to Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P., we restructured our common stock into two classes: class A voting common stock (“Class A Shares”) and class B non-voting common stock (“Class B Shares”). On April 28, 2014, upon receipt of all required governmental regulatory approvals, Apollo Gaming Holdings, L.P. exchanged its 10,000,000 Class A Shares for 10,000,000 Class B Shares, and the Company issued 100 Class A Shares to AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC. The 100 22 Table of Contents Class A Shares issued to AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC, represent 100% of our voting interests. AP Gaming VoteCo, LLC is an entity owned and controlled by Marc Rowan and David Sambur. Messrs. Rowan and Sambur have the power to control our affairs and policies, the election of our board of directors, the appointment of management, the entering into of mergers, sales of substantially all of our assets and other material transactions. So long as Messrs. Rowan and Sambur continue to control our Class A Shares and control the election of our board of directors, which currently consists of Mr. Sambur, they have the authority, subject to the terms of the agreements that govern our outstanding debt, to issue additional shares of stock, implement share repurchase programs, declare dividends, pay advisory fees and make other decisions, and they may have an interest in our doing so. Their interests could conflict with the interests of holders of our Class B Shares in material respects. Furthermore, Mr. Rowan is an affiliate of Apollo, which is in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us, as well as businesses that represent major customers of our businesses. Accordingly, so long as Mr. Rowan continues to control our outstanding Class A Shares, Apollo’s interests could also conflict with our interests or the interests of holders of our Class B Shares in material respects. We are dependent on our suppliers and any failure of these parties to meet our performance and quality standards or requirements could cause us to incur additional costs or lose customers. The manufacturing, assembling and designing of our electronic gaming machines depends upon a continuous supply of raw materials, such as source cabinets, which we currently source primarily from one supplier. If our current supplier is unable to deliver these items in the quantity required or in accordance with our standards of quality and we are unable to find an alternative supplier in a timely fashion or on reasonable terms, we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers or our contractual obligations, which would adversely affect our results of operations and business. Casino operations are conducted at the discretion of our customers. Our casino customers are responsible for the operations of their facilities and are not required to consult us or take our advice on their operations, marketing, facility layout, gaming floor configuration, or promotional initiatives. Further, our customers’ are solely responsible for safety and security at their facilities. Our customers have in the past, and will in the future, remodel and expand their facilities. Our operating and financial results could suffer if our machines are not a part of an optimized facility layout or gaming floor configuration, are not supported by effective marketing or promotional initiatives or are scheduled to be out of service during a facility remodeling, or our customers’ facilities are closed or not visited because of end-users concern for safety, a lack of amenities, or other factors. The risks related to operations in foreign countries and outside of traditional U.S jurisdictions could negatively affect our results. We operate in jurisdictions outside of the United States, principally in Canada and on tribal lands of Native American tribes. The developments noted below, among others, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations: • social, political or economic instability; • additional costs of compliance with international laws or unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; • tariffs and other trade barriers; • fluctuations in foreign exchange rates outside the United States; • adverse changes in the creditworthiness of parties with whom we have significant receivables or forward currency exchange contracts; • expropriation, nationalization and restrictions on repatriation of funds or assets; • difficulty protecting our intellectual property; • recessions in foreign economies; • difficulties in maintaining foreign operations; • changes in consumer tastes and trends; • acts of war or terrorism; and • U.S. government requirements for export. We are continuing to improve our internal controls over financial reporting. Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to audit the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until after we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS Act”). At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our internal control over financial reporting is documented, designed or operating. 23 Table of Contents We are an emerging growth company, and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies but not to “emerging growth companies,” including, but not limited to, not being required to have our independent registered public accounting firm audit our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form 10. We will cease to be an emerging growth company upon the earliest of: (i) the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the effectiveness of our registration statement on Form 10, (ii) the first fiscal year after our annual gross revenues are $1.0 billion or more, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities or (iv) the end of any fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeded $700 million as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the price of our common stock may be more volatile. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this accommodation allowing for delayed adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and, therefore, we will be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We intend to continue to improve our internal controls over financial reporting and ensure we are able to produce accurate and timely financial statements. However, no assurance can be given that our actions will be successful. 