 – Risks Related to our Company
– A.M. Best, Moody’s and S&P rate the financial strength of our insurance company subsidiaries, and a decline in these ratings could affect our standing in the insurance industry and cause our sales and earnings to decrease.” The following table summarizes our financial
strength ratings and outlook of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries as of December 31, 2014: A.M. Best (1) Moody’s (2) Standard & Poor’s
(3) Outlook Stable Stable Stable Company American Bankers Insurance Company A A2 A American Bankers Life Assurance Company A- A3 A American Memorial Life Insurance Company A- N/A A American Reliable Insurance Company A N/A N/A American Security Insurance Company A A2 A Assurant Life of Canada A- N/A N/A Caribbean American Life Assurance Company A- N/A N/A Caribbean American Property Insurance Company A N/A N/A John Alden Life Insurance Company A- Baa2 BBB Reliable Lloyds A N/A N/A Standard Guaranty Insurance Company A N/A N/A Time Insurance Company A- Baa2 BBB UDC Dental California A- N/A N/A Union Security Dental Care New Jersey A- N/A N/A Union Security Insurance Company A- A3 A- Union Security Life Insurance Company of New York A- N/A N/A United Dental Care of Arizona A- N/A N/A United Dental Care of Colorado A- N/A N/A United Dental Care of Michigan NR N/A N/A United Dental Care of Missouri A- N/A N/A United Dental Care of New Mexico A- N/A N/A United Dental Care of Ohio NR N/A N/A United Dental Care of Texas A- N/A N/A United Dental Care of Utah NR N/A N/A Voyager Indemnity Insurance Company A N/A N/A 12 Table of Contents (1) A.M. Best financial strength ratings range from “A++” (superior) to “S” (suspended). Ratings of A and A- fall under the “excellent”
category, which is the second highest of ten ratings categories. (2) Moody’s insurance financial strength ratings range from “Aaa” (exceptional) to “C” (extremely poor). A numeric modifier may be appended to
ratings from “Aa” to “Caa” to indicate relative position within a category, with 1 being the highest and 3 being the lowest. Ratings of A2 and A3 are considered “good” and fall within the third highest of the nine
ratings categories. (3) S&P’s insurer financial strength ratings range from “AAA” (extremely strong) to “R” (under regulatory supervision). A “+” or
“-” may be appended to ratings from categories AA to CCC to indicate relative position within a category. Ratings of A- (strong) and BBB+ (adequate) are within the third and fourth highest of the nine ratings categories, respectively. Enterprise Risk Management As an insurer, we are exposed to a wide variety of
financial, operational and other risks, as described in Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” Enterprise risk management (“ERM”) is, therefore, a key component of our business strategies, policies, and procedures. Our ERM process is an
iterative approach with the following key phases: 1. Risk identification; 2 High-level estimation of risk likelihood and severity; 3 Risk prioritization at the business and enterprise levels; 4 Scenario analysis and detailed modeling of likelihood and severity for key enterprise risks; 5 Utilization of quantitative results and subject matter expert opinion to help guide business strategy and decision making. Through our ERM process and our enterprise risk
quantification model we monitor a variety of risk metrics on an ongoing basis, with a particular focus on impact to net income (both GAAP and Statutory), company value and the potential need for capital infusions to subsidiaries under severe stress
scenarios. The Company’s ERM activities are
coordinated by an Enterprise Risk Management Committee (“ERMC”), which includes managers from across the Company with knowledge of the Company’s business activities, including representation from the Legal, Compliance, Actuarial,
Audit, Information Technology, Finance, and Asset Management Departments. The ERMC develops risk assessment and risk management policies and procedures. It facilitates the identification, reporting and prioritizing of risks faced by the Company, and
is responsible for promoting a risk-aware culture throughout the organization. The ERMC also coordinates with each of the Company’s four Business Unit Risk Committees (“BURCs”), which meet regularly and are responsible for the
identification of significant risks affecting their respective business units. Our Board of Directors and senior management are responsible for overseeing significant enterprise risks. The ERMC reports regularly to the Chief Executive Officer and presents its work periodically to
both the Board of Directors and its Finance and Investment Committee. Through the use of regular committee meetings, business unit and enterprise risk inventory templates and dashboards, hypothetical scenario analysis, and quantitative modeling, the Company strives to
identify, track, quantify, communicate and manage our key risks in a manner consistent with our risk appetite and high level strategy. Our ERM process continues to evolve, and, when appropriate, we incorporate methodology changes, policy modifications and emerging best
practices on an ongoing basis. 13 Table of Contents Regulation The Company is subject to extensive federal, state and international regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions where it does
business. Regulations vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. The following is a summary of significant regulations that apply to our businesses and is not intended to be a comprehensive review of every regulation to which the Company is subject.
For information on the risks associated with regulations applicable to the Company, please see Item 1A, “Risk Factors.” U.S. Insurance Regulation We are subject to the insurance holding company laws in the states where our insurance companies are domiciled. These laws generally
require insurance companies within the insurance holding company system to register with the insurance departments of their respective states of domicile and to furnish reports to such insurance departments regarding capital structure, ownership,
financial condition, general business operations and intercompany transactions. These laws also require that transactions between affiliated companies be fair and equitable. In addition, certain intercompany transactions, changes of control, certain
dividend payments and transfers of assets between the companies within the holding company system are subject to prior notice to, or approval by, state regulatory authorities. Like all U.S. insurance companies, our insurance subsidiaries
are subject to regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions in which they do business. In general, this regulation is designed to protect the interests of policyholders, and not necessarily the interests of shareholders and other investors. To
that end, the laws of the various states and other jurisdictions establish insurance departments with broad powers with respect to such things as: • licensing and authorizing companies and intermediaries (including agents and brokers) to transact business; regulating capital, surplus and dividend
requirements; • regulating underwriting limitations including imposing minimum loss ratio requirements; • regulating companies’ ability to enter and exit markets or to provide, terminate or cancel certain coverages; • imposing statutory accounting and annual statement disclosure requirements; • regulating product types and approving policy forms and mandating certain insurance benefits; • regulating premium rates, including the ability to disapprove or reduce the premium rates companies may charge; • imposing fines, penalties or other expenses; • regulating claims practices, including the ability to require companies to pay claims on terms other than those mandated by underlying policy
contracts; • regulating certain transactions between affiliates; • regulating the form and content of disclosures to consumers; • regulating the type, amounts and valuation of investments; • mandating annual tests to analyze adequacy of reserves; • mandating assessments or other surcharges for guaranty funds and the ability to recover such assessments in the future through premium increases; and • regulating market conduct and sales practices of insurers and agents. Dividend Payment Limitations. Our holding company’s assets consist primarily of the capital stock
of our subsidiaries. Accordingly, our holding company’s future cash flows depend upon the availability of dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries. The ability to pay such dividends and to make 14 Table of Contents such other payments is regulated by the states in which our subsidiaries are domiciled. These dividend regulations vary from state to state and by type of insurance provided by the applicable
subsidiary, but generally require our insurance subsidiaries to maintain minimum solvency requirements and limit the amount of dividends these subsidiaries can pay to the holding company. For more information, please see Item 7,
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources – Regulatory Requirements.” Risk Based Capital Requirements. In order to enhance
the regulation of insurer solvency, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”) has established certain risk-based capital standards applicable to life, health and property and casualty insurers. Risk-based capital, which
regulators use to assess the sufficiency of an insurer’s statutory capital, is calculated by applying factors to various asset, premium, expense, liability and reserve items. Factors are higher for items which in the NAIC’s view have
greater underlying risk. The NAIC periodically reviews the risk-based capital formula and changes to the formula could occur in the future. Investment Regulation. Insurance company investments must comply with applicable laws and regulations that prescribe the kind,
quality and concentration of investments. These regulations require diversification of insurance company investment portfolios and limit the amount of investments in certain asset categories. Financial Reporting. Regulators closely monitor the
financial condition of licensed insurance companies and our insurance subsidiaries are required to file periodic financial reports with insurance regulators. Moreover, states regulate the form and content of these statutory financial statements. Products and Coverage. Insurance
regulators have broad authority to regulate many aspects of our products and services. For example, some jurisdictions require insurers to provide coverage to persons who would not be considered eligible insurance risks under standard underwriting
criteria, dictating the types of insurance and the level of coverage that must be provided to such applicants. Additionally, certain non-insurance products and services, such as service contracts, may be regulated by regulatory bodies other than
departments of insurance. Pricing and
Premium Rates. Nearly all states have insurance laws requiring insurers to file price schedules and policy forms with the state’s regulatory authority. In many cases, these price schedules and/or policy forms must be approved prior to use,
and state insurance departments have the power to disapprove increases or require decreases in the premium rates we charge. Market Conduct Regulation. Activities of insurers are highly regulated by state insurance laws and regulations, which govern the
form and content of disclosure to consumers, advertising, sales practices and complaint handling. State regulatory authorities enforce compliance through periodic market conduct examinations. Guaranty Associations and Indemnity Funds. Most states
require insurance companies to support guaranty associations or indemnity funds, which are established to pay claims on behalf of insolvent insurance companies. These associations may levy assessments on member insurers. In some states member
insurers can recover a portion of these assessments through premium tax offsets and/or policyholder surcharges. Insurance Regulatory Initiatives. The NAIC, state regulators and professional organizations have considered and are considering
various proposals that may alter or increase state authority to regulate insurance companies and insurance holding companies. Please see Item 1A, “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Industry – Changes in regulation may reduce
our profitability and limit our growth” for a discussion of the risks related to such initiatives. Federal Regulation Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. Although health insurance is generally regulated at the state level, the Affordable Care Act introduced a significant component of federal regulation for
health insurers. Provisions of the Affordable Care Act and related reforms have included a requirement that we pay premium 15 Table of Contents rebates to customers if the loss ratios for some of our product lines are less than specified percentages; the reduction of agent commissions, and the consequent risk that insurance producers may
sell less of our products than they have in the past; changes in the benefits provided under some of our products; elimination of limits on lifetime and annual benefit maximums; a prohibition from imposing any pre-existing condition exclusion;
limits on our ability to rescind coverage for persons who have misrepresented or omitted material information when they applied for coverage and, elimination of our ability to underwrite health insurance products with certain narrow exceptions; a
requirement to offer coverage to any person who applies for such coverage; mandated essential health benefits; increased costs to modify and/or sell our products; intensified competitive pressures that limit our ability to increase rates due to
state and federal insurance exchanges; significant risk of customer loss; new and higher taxes and fees and limitations on the deductibility of compensation and certain other payments; and the need to operate with a lower expense structure at both
the business segment and enterprise level. Additionally, under the Affordable Care Act, significant premium stabilization programs became effective in 2014. These reinsurance, risk adjustment, and risk corridor programs impose certain requirements
on us, including, among other things, that we make contributions to fund the reinsurance program and, under some circumstances, risk transfer payments related to the risk adjustment program and payments to the Department of Health and Human Services
related to the risk corridor program. Employee
Retirement Income Security Act. Because we provide products and services for certain U.S. employee benefit plans, we are subject to regulation under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”). ERISA
places certain requirements on how the Company may do business with employers that maintain employee benefit plans covered by ERISA. Among other things, regulations under ERISA set standards for certain notice and disclosure requirements and for
claim processing and appeals. In addition, some of our administrative services and other activities may also be subject to regulation under ERISA. HIPAA, HITECH Act and Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, along with its
implementing regulations (“HIPAA”), impose various requirements on health insurers, HMOs, health plans and health care providers. Among other things, Assurant Health and Assurant Employee Benefits are subject to HIPAA regulations requiring
certain guaranteed issuance and renewability of health insurance coverage for individuals and small groups (generally groups with 50 or fewer employees) and limitations on exclusions based on pre-existing conditions. HIPAA also imposes
administrative simplification requirements for electronic transactions. HIPAA also imposes requirements on health insurers, health plans and health care providers to ensure the privacy and security of protected health information. These privacy and security provisions were
further expanded by the privacy provisions contained in the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (the “HITECH Act”) and its accompanying Omnibus Rule enacted in January 2013, which enhances penalties for
violations of HIPAA and requires regulated entities to provide notice of security breaches of protected health information to individuals and HHS. In addition, certain of our activities are subject to the privacy regulations of the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which, along with regulations adopted thereunder, generally requires insurers to provide customers with notice regarding how their non-public personal health and financial information is used, and to provide them with the
opportunity to “opt out” of certain disclosures, if applicable. Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act . Regulations under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) address mortgage
servicers’ obligations to correct errors asserted by mortgage loan borrowers; to provide certain information requested by such borrowers; and to provide protections to such borrowers; in connection with lender-placed insurance; and these
requirements affect our operations because, in many instances, we administer such operations on behalf of our mortgage servicer clients. While the CFPB does not have direct jurisdiction over insurance products, it is possible that additional
regulations promulgated by the CFPB, such as those mentioned, may extend its authority more broadly to cover these products and thereby affect the Company or our clients. 16 Table of Contents International Regulation We are subject to regulation and supervision of our
international operations in various jurisdictions. These regulations, which vary depending on the jurisdiction, include anti-corruption laws; solvency and market conduct regulations; various privacy, insurance, tax, tariff and trade laws and
regulations; and corporate, employment, intellectual property and investment laws and regulations. In addition to the U.S., the Company operates in Canada, the U.K., Ireland, France, Argentina, Brazil, Puerto Rico, Chile, Germany, Spain, Italy, Mexico and China and our businesses are supervised by
local regulatory authorities of these jurisdictions. We also have business activities in Peru, Ecuador, Colombia and South Korea where we have gained access to these markets by registering certain entities, where required, to act as reinsurers. Our operations in the U.K., for example, are
subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. Authorized insurers are generally permitted to operate throughout the rest of the European Union, subject to satisfying certain requirements of these
regulatory bodies and meeting additional local regulatory requirements. We are also subject to certain U.S. and foreign laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the “FCPA”) regulates U.S.
companies in their dealings with foreign officials, prohibiting bribes and similar practices. In addition, the U.K. Anti-Bribery Act has wide applicable to certain activities that affect companies or commercial activities in the U.K. Additionally, the International Association of Insurance
Supervisors (the “IAIS”) is developing a model common framework (“ComFrame”) for the supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (“IAIGs”), which includes additional group-wide supervisory oversight across
national boundaries and the establishment of ongoing supervisory colleges. The IAIS has announced that it expects by 2016 to develop a risk-based global insurance capital standard applicable to IAIGs, with full implementation beginning in 2019. As
of December 31, 2014, Assurant meets the numerical criteria to qualify as an IAIG, but the decision whether to treat Assurant as an IAIG is left to the discretion of its domestic and foreign insurance regulators. Should such regulators
decide to treat Assurant as an IAIG, Assurant will be subject to the additional requirements of ComFrame. At this time, we cannot predict whether our insurance regulators will treat us as an IAIG, and what additional capital requirements, compliance
costs or other burdens these requirements would impose on us, if we were subject to them. Securities and Corporate Governance Regulation As a company with publicly-traded securities, Assurant is subject to certain legal and regulatory requirements applicable generally to
public companies, including the rules and regulations of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) relating to public reporting and disclosure, accounting and financial
reporting, and corporate governance matters. Additionally, Assurant, Inc. is subject to the corporate governance laws of Delaware, its state of incorporation. Environmental Regulation Because we own and operate real property, we are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws. Potential environmental
liabilities and costs in connection with any required remediation of such properties is an inherent risk in property ownership and operation. Under the laws of several states, contamination of a property may give rise to a lien on the property to
secure recovery of the costs of the cleanup, which could have priority over the lien of an existing mortgage against the property and thereby impair our ability to foreclose on that property should the related loan be in default. In addition, under
certain circumstances, we may be liable for the costs of addressing releases or threatened releases of hazardous substances at properties securing mortgage loans held by us. 17 Table of Contents Other Information Customer Concentration No one customer or group of affiliated customers accounts
for 10% or more of the Company’s consolidated revenues. Employees We had approximately 17,600 employees as of January 31, 2015. Assurant Solutions has employees in Argentina, Brazil, Italy, Spain and
Mexico that are represented by labor unions and trade organizations. We believe that employee relations are satisfactory. Sources of Liquidity For a discussion of the Company’s sources and uses of funds, see “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources,” and Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report. Taxation For a discussion of tax matters affecting the Company and its operations, see Note 8 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report. Financial Information about Reportable Business Segments For financial information regarding reportable business segments of the Company, see “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this report. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, the Statements of Beneficial Ownership of
Securities on Forms 3, 4 and 5 for our Directors and Officers and all amendments to such reports, filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge through the
SEC website at www.sec.gov . These documents are also available at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. Further information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be found
by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. These documents are also available free of charge through the Investor Relations page of
our website ( www.assurant.com ) as soon as reasonably practicable after filing. Other information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. 18 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations and you should carefully consider them. It is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. Risks Related to Our Company Our revenues and profits may decline if we were unable to maintain relationships with significant clients, distributors and other parties important
to the success of our business. The
success of our business depends largely on our relationships and contractual arrangements with significant clients – including mortgage servicers, lenders, mobile device carriers, retailers, OEMs and others – and with brokers, agents and
other parties. Many of these arrangements are exclusive and some rely on preferred provider or similar relationships. For example, in Assurant Solutions, we have important relationships with mobile device carriers, retailers and financial and other
institutions through which we distribute our products, including an exclusive distribution relationship with SCI relating to the distribution of our preneed insurance policies. In Assurant Specialty Property, we have exclusive and non-exclusive
relationships with certain mortgage lenders and manufactured housing lenders and property managers, and we are eligible to insure properties securing loans guaranteed by or sold to government-sponsored entities (“GSEs”) and serviced by the
mortgage loan servicers with whom we do business. In Assurant Health, we have distribution relationships for our individual health insurance products with a major mutual insurance company as well as an exclusive relationship with a well-known
association through which we provide many of our individual health insurance products. We also have a new provider network arrangement with a national PPO network. We also maintain contractual relationships with several separate networks of health
and dental care providers through which we obtain discounts. In Assurant Employee Benefits, we have relationships through DRMS with group insurance carriers to reinsure their disability and life insurance product offerings. Typically, these
relationships and contractual arrangements have terms ranging from one to five years. If our key clients, intermediaries or others terminate important business arrangements with us, or renew contracts on terms less favorable to us, our cash flows, results of operations and financial
condition could be materially adversely affected. For example, in our lender-placed insurance business, the change in requirements for eligibility to insure properties securing loans of GSEs – and restrictions imposed by state regulators –
could affect our ability to do business with certain mortgage loan servicers or the volume or profitability of such business. In addition, the transfer by mortgage servicer clients of loan portfolios to other carriers or the participation by other
carriers in insuring or reinsuring lender-placed insurance risks that we have historically insured could materially reduce our revenues and profits from this business. In our Assurant Health and Assurant Employee Benefits segments, a loss of one or
more of certain discount arrangements we maintain with PPOs could lead to higher medical or dental costs and/or a loss of members to other medical or dental plans. We are also subject to the risk that these parties may face
financial difficulties, reputational issues or problems with respect to their own products and services or regulatory restrictions that may lead to decreased sales of our products and services. Moreover, if one or more of our clients or distributors
consolidate or align themselves with other companies, we may lose significant business, resulting in material decreases in revenues and profits. We face significant competitive pressures in our businesses, which could affect our results of operations. We compete for customers and distributors with many
insurance companies and other financial services companies for business and individual customers, employer and other group customers, agents, brokers and other distribution relationships. Some of our competitors may offer a broader array of products
than our subsidiaries or have a greater diversity of distribution resources, better brand recognition, more competitive pricing, lower costs, greater financial strength, more resources, or higher ratings. Many of our insurance products, particularly our group
benefits and group health insurance policies, are underwritten annually. There is a risk that group purchasers may be able to obtain more favorable terms from 19 Table of Contents competitors, rather than renewing coverage with us. As a result, competition may adversely affect the persistency of our policies, as well as our ability to sell products. In addition, some of
our competitors may price their products below ours, putting us at a competitive disadvantage and potentially adversely affecting our revenues and results of operations. New competition could also cause the supply of insurance to
change, which could affect our ability to price our products at attractive rates and thereby adversely affect our underwriting results. Although there are some impediments facing potential competitors who wish to enter the markets we serve, the
entry of new competitors into our markets can occur, affording our customers significant flexibility in moving to other insurance providers. In our lender-placed insurance business, we use a proprietary insurance-tracking administration system linked with the administrative
systems of our clients to monitor the clients’ mortgage portfolios to verify the existence of insurance on each mortgaged property and identify those that are uninsured. If, in addition to our current competitors, others in this industry
develop a competing system or equivalent administering capabilities, this could reduce the revenues and results of operations in this business. Sales of our products and services may be reduced if we are unable to attract and retain sales representatives or to develop and maintain
distribution sources. We distribute many
of our insurance products and services through a variety of distribution channels, including independent employee benefits specialists, brokers, managing general agents, life agents, financial institutions, mortgage lenders and servicers, retailers,
funeral homes, association groups and other third-party marketing organizations. Our relationships with these distributors are significant both for our revenues and profits. We do not distribute our insurance products and services through captive or affiliated agents. In Assurant
Health, we depend in large part on the services of independent agents and brokers and on associations in the marketing of our products. In Assurant Employee Benefits, independent agents and brokers who act as advisors to our customers market and
distribute our products. There is intense competition between insurers to form relationships with agents and brokers of demonstrated ability. We compete with other insurers for relationships with agents, brokers, and other intermediaries primarily
on the basis of our financial position, support services, product features and, more generally, through our ability to meet the needs of their clients, our customers. Independent agents and brokers are typically not exclusively dedicated to us, but
instead usually also market the products of our competitors and therefore we face continued competition from our competitors’ products. Moreover, our ability to market our products and services depends on our ability to tailor our channels of
distribution to comply with changes in the regulatory environment in which we and such agents and brokers operate. We have our own sales representatives whose distribution process varies by segment. We depend in large part on our sales representatives
to develop and maintain client relationships. Our inability to attract and retain effective sales representatives could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Recent reductions in Assurant Health’s commission
arrangements could jeopardize its relationships with brokers and agents, and make it difficult to attract new ones, a circumstance that could materially adversely affect Assurant Health’s results of operations. General economic, financial market and political conditions may
materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Particularly, difficult conditions in financial markets and the global economy may negatively affect the results of all of our business segments. General economic, financial market and political disruptions
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Limited availability of credit, deteriorations of the global mortgage and real estate markets, declines in consumer confidence and consumer spending,
increases in prices or in the 20 Table of Contents rate of inflation, continuing high unemployment, or disruptive geopolitical events could contribute to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the financial markets,
including the market for our stock. These conditions could also affect all of our business segments. Specifically, during periods of economic downturn: • individuals and businesses may (i) choose not to purchase our insurance products, warranties and other related products and services,
(ii) terminate existing policies or contracts or permit them to lapse, (iii) choose to reduce the amount of coverage they purchase, and (iv) in the case of business customers of Assurant Health or Assurant Employee Benefits, have
fewer employees requiring insurance coverage due to reductions in their staffing levels; • clients are more likely to experience financial distress or declare bankruptcy or liquidation which could have an adverse impact on the remittance of
premiums from such clients as well as the collection of receivables from such clients for items such as unearned premiums; • disability insurance claims and claims on other specialized insurance products tend to rise; • there is a higher loss ratio on credit card and installment loan insurance due to rising unemployment and disability levels; • there is an increased risk of fraudulent insurance claims; • insureds tend to increase their utilization of health and dental benefits if they anticipate becoming unemployed or losing benefits; and • substantial decreases in loan availability and origination could reduce the demand for credit insurance that we write or debt cancellation or debt
deferment products that we administer, and on the placement of hazard insurance under our lender-placed insurance programs. General inflationary pressures may affect the costs of medical and dental care, as well as repair and replacement costs on our real and
personal property lines, increasing the costs of paying claims. Inflationary pressures may also affect the costs associated with our preneed insurance policies, particularly those that are guaranteed to grow with the Consumer Price Index
(or “CPI”). Conversely, deflationary pressures may affect the pricing of our products. Additionally, continued uncertainty surrounding the U.S. Federal Reserve’s monetary policy could adversely affect the U.S. and global
economy. Catastrophe losses, including man-made catastrophe
losses, could materially reduce our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our insurance operations expose us to claims arising out of catastrophes, particularly in our homeowners, life and other health insurance
businesses. We have experienced, and expect to experience, catastrophe losses that materially reduce our profitability or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Catastrophes can be caused by various
natural events, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, windstorms, earthquakes, hailstorms, floods, severe winter weather, fires, epidemics and the long-term effects of climate change, or can be man-made catastrophes, including terrorist attacks
or accidents such as airplane crashes. While the frequency and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable, increases in the value and geographic concentration of insured property, the geographic concentration of insured lives, and the
effects of inflation could increase the severity of claims from future catastrophes. Catastrophe losses can vary widely and could significantly exceed our expectations. They may cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year and could materially
reduce our profitability or materially adversely affect our financial condition. Our ability to write new business also could be affected. 21 Table of Contents Accounting rules do not permit insurers to reserve for such catastrophic events before they
occur. In addition, the establishment of appropriate reserves, including reserves for catastrophes, is an inherently uncertain and complex process. The ultimate cost of losses may vary materially from recorded reserves and such variance may have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If the severity of an event were sufficiently high (for example, in the event of an extremely large catastrophe), it could exceed our reinsurance coverage limits and could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition. We may also lose premium income due to a large-scale business interruption caused by a catastrophe combined with legislative or regulatory reactions to the event. We use catastrophe modeling tools that help estimate our
exposure to such events, but these tools are based on historical data and other assumptions that may provide projections that are materially different from the actual events. Because Assurant Specialty Property’s lender-placed
homeowners and lender-placed manufactured housing insurance products are designed to automatically provide property coverage for client portfolios, our concentration in certain catastrophe-prone states like Florida, California, Texas and New York
may increase. Furthermore, the withdrawal of other insurers from these or other states may lead to adverse selection and increased use of our products in these areas and may negatively affect our loss experience. The exact impact of the physical effects of climate change is
uncertain. It is possible that changes in the global climate may cause long-term increases in the frequency and severity of storms, resulting in higher catastrophe losses, which could materially affect our results of operations and financial
condition. Our group life and health insurance
operations could be materially impacted by catastrophes such as a terrorist attack, a natural disaster, a pandemic or an epidemic that causes a widespread increase in mortality or disability rates or that causes an increase in the need for medical
care. In addition, with respect to our preneed insurance policies, the average age of policyholders is approximately 73 years. This group is more susceptible to certain epidemics than the overall population, and an epidemic resulting in a higher
incidence of mortality could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. A.M. Best, Moody’s, and S&P rate the financial strength of our insurance company subsidiaries, and a decline in these ratings could affect our standing in the insurance industry and cause
our sales and earnings to decrease. Ratings are important considerations in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. A.M. Best rates most of our domestic
operating insurance subsidiaries. Moody’s rates six of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries and S&P rates seven of our domestic operating insurance subsidiaries. These ratings are subject to periodic review by A.M. Best,
Moody’s, and S&P, and we cannot assure that we will be able to retain them. In July 2014, Moody’s downgraded the financial strength ratings for Time Insurance Company and John Alden Life Insurance Company from Baa1 to Baa2 due to
pressures on earnings and concerns about the impact of the Affordable Care Act. Rating agencies may change their methodology or requirements for determining ratings, or they may become more conservative in assigning ratings. Rating agencies or regulators could also increase capital
requirements for the Company or its subsidiaries. Any reduction in our ratings could materially adversely affect the demand for our products from intermediaries and consumers and materially adversely affect our results. In addition, any reduction in
our financial strength ratings could materially adversely affect our cost of borrowing. As of December 31, 2014, contracts representing approximately 28% of Assurant Solutions’ and 25% of Assurant Specialty Property’s net earned premiums and fee income contain provisions
requiring the applicable subsidiaries to maintain minimum A.M. Best financial strength ratings ranging from “A” or better to “B” or better, depending on the contract. Our clients may terminate these contracts or fail to renew
them if the subsidiaries’ ratings fall below these minimums. 22 Table of Contents Additionally, certain contracts in the DRMS business, representing approximately 5% of
Assurant Employee Benefits’ net earned premiums for the year ended December 31, 2014 contain provisions requiring the applicable subsidiaries to maintain minimum A.M. Best financial strength ratings of “A-” or better. DRMS
clients may terminate the agreements and, in some instances, recapture in-force business if the ratings of applicable subsidiaries fall below “A-”. Similarly, distribution and service agreements representing approximately 19% of Assurant
Health’s earned premiums gross of rebates for the year ended December 31, 2014 contain provisions requiring the applicable subsidiaries to maintain minimum A.M. Best financial strength ratings of “A-” or better, for the
distribution agreements, or “B+” or better, for the service agreement. If the ratings of applicable Assurant Health subsidiaries fall below these threshold ratings levels, distribution and service partners could terminate their agreements.
Termination or failure to renew these agreements could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We face risks associated with our international operations. Our international operations face political, legal,
operational and other risks that we may not face in our domestic operations. For example, we may face the risk of restrictions on currency conversion or the transfer of funds; burdens and costs of compliance with a variety of foreign laws; political
or economic instability in countries in which we conduct business, including possible terrorist acts; inflation and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; diminished ability to enforce our contractual rights; differences in cultural environments and
unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, including changes in regulatory treatment of certain products; exposure to local economic conditions and restrictions on the repatriation of non-U.S. investment and earnings; and potentially substantial
tax liabilities if we repatriate the cash generated by our international operations back to the U.S. If our business model is not successful in a particular country, we may lose all or most of our investment in that country. As we continue
to expand in select worldwide markets, our business becomes increasingly exposed to these risks identified above where certain countries have recently experienced economic instability. In addition, as we engage with international clients, we have made certain up-front commission payments and
similar cash outlays, which we may not recover if the business does not materialize as we expect. These up-front payments are typically supported by various protections, such as letters of guarantee, but we may not recover our initial outlays and
other amounts owed to us fully or timely. As our international business grows, we rely increasingly on fronting carriers or intermediaries in certain other countries to maintain their licenses and product approvals, satisfy local regulatory
requirements and continue in business. For
information on the significant international regulations that apply to our Company, please see Item 1, “Business – Regulation – International Regulation.” Fluctuations in the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar and other foreign
currencies may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. While most of our costs and revenues are in U.S. dollars, some are in other currencies. Because our financial results in certain countries are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars upon
consolidation, the results of our operations may be affected by foreign exchange rate fluctuations. We do not currently hedge foreign currency risk. If the U.S. dollar weakens against the local currency, the translation of these
foreign-currency-denominated balances will result in increased net assets, net revenue, operating expenses, and net income or loss. Similarly, our net assets, net revenue, operating expenses, and net income or loss will decrease if the U.S. dollar
strengthens against local currency. For example, Argentina, a country in which Assurant Solutions operates, is currently undergoing a currency crisis. These fluctuations in currency exchange rates may result in gains or losses that materially and
adversely affect our results of operations. 23 Table of Contents An impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets could materially affect our results of operations
and book value. Goodwill represented
$841,239 of our $31,562,466 in total assets as of December 31, 2014. We review our goodwill annually in the fourth quarter for impairment or more frequently if circumstances indicating that the asset may be impaired exist. Such
circumstances could include a sustained significant decline in our share price, a decline in our actual or expected future cash flows or income, a significant adverse change in the business climate, or slower growth rates, among others.
Circumstances such as those mentioned above could trigger an impairment of some or all of the remaining goodwill on our balance sheet, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and book value per share. For more information on
our annual goodwill impairment testing and the goodwill of our segments, please see “Item 7 – MD&A – Critical Factors Affecting Results – Value and Recoverability of Goodwill.” In addition, other intangible assets
collectively represented $381,960 of our total assets as of December 31, 2014, and an impairment of these other intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and book value per share. Our actual claims losses may exceed our reserves for claims, and this
may require us to establish additional reserves that may materially affect our results of operations, profitability and capital. We maintain reserves to cover our estimated ultimate exposure for claims and claim adjustment expenses with respect to reported claims and
incurred but not reported claims (“IBNR”) as of the end of each accounting period. Whether calculated under GAAP, Statutory Accounting Principles (“SAP”) or accounting principles applicable in foreign jurisdictions, reserves are
estimates. Reserving is inherently a matter of judgment; our ultimate liabilities could exceed reserves for a variety of reasons, including changes in macroeconomic factors (such as unemployment and interest rates), case development and other
factors. From time to time, we also adjust our reserves, and may adjust our reserving methodology, as these factors and our claims experience changes. Reserve development, changes in our reserving methodology and paid losses exceeding corresponding
reserves could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Please see “Item 7 – Management’s Discussion & Analysis – Critical Accounting Policies & Estimates – Reserves” for additional
detail on our reserves. Unfavorable conditions in the
capital and credit markets may significantly and adversely affect our access to capital and our ability to pay our debts or expenses. In previous years, the global capital and credit markets experienced extreme volatility and disruption. In many cases, companies’
ability to raise money was severely restricted. Although conditions in the capital and credit markets have improved significantly, they could again deteriorate. Our ability to borrow or raise money is important if our operating cash flow is
insufficient to pay our expenses, meet capital requirements, repay debt, pay dividends on our common stock or make investments. The principal sources of our liquidity are insurance premiums, fee income, cash flow from our investment portfolio and
liquid assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into cash. Sources of liquidity in normal markets also include a variety of short-and long-term instruments. If our access to capital markets is restricted, our cost of capital could increase, thus decreasing our
profitability and reducing our financial flexibility. Our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and statutory capital position could be materially and adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets. The value of our investments could decline, affecting our profitability
and financial strength. Investment
returns are an important part of our profitability. Significant fluctuations in the fixed maturity market could impair our profitability, financial condition and cash flows. Our investments are subject to market-wide risks and fluctuations, as well
as to risks inherent in particular securities. In addition, certain factors affecting our business, such as volatility of claims experience, could force us to liquidate securities prior to maturity, causing us to incur capital losses. See “Item
7A – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk – Interest Rate Risk.” 24 Table of Contents Market conditions, changes in interest rates, and prolonged periods of low interest rates may
materially affect our results. Recent
periods have been characterized by low interest rates. A prolonged period during which interest rates remain at historically low levels may result in lower-than-expected net investment income and larger required reserves. In addition, certain
statutory capital requirements are based on formulas or models that consider interest rates and a prolonged period of low interest rates may increase the statutory capital we are required to hold. Changes in interest rates may materially adversely affect the
performance of some of our investments. Interest rate volatility may increase or reduce unrealized gains or unrealized losses in our portfolios. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, domestic
and international economic and political conditions and other factors beyond our control. Fixed maturity and short-term investments represented 81% of the fair value of our total investments as of December 31, 2014. The fair market value of the fixed maturity securities in our
portfolio and the investment income from these securities fluctuate depending on general economic and market conditions. Because all of our fixed maturity securities are classified as available for sale, changes in the market value of these
securities are reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. Their fair market value generally increases or decreases in an inverse relationship with fluctuations in interest rates, while net investment income from fixed-maturity investments
increases or decreases directly with interest rates. In addition, actual net investment income and cash flows from investments that carry prepayment risk, such as mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities may differ from those anticipated at
the time of investment as a result of interest rate fluctuations. An increase in interest rates will also decrease the net unrealized gains in our current investment portfolio. We employ asset/liability management strategies to manage the
adverse effects of interest rate volatility and the likelihood that cash flows are unavailable to pay claims as they become due. Our asset/liability management strategies do not completely eliminate the adverse effects of interest rate volatility,
and significant fluctuations in the level of interest rates may require us to liquidate investments prior to maturity at a significant loss to pay claims and policyholder benefits. This could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. Our preneed
insurance policies are generally whole life insurance policies with increasing death benefits. In extended periods of declining interest rates or rising inflation, there may be compression in the spread between the death benefit growth rates on
these policies and the investment income that we can earn, resulting in a negative spread. As a result, declining interest rates or high inflation rates may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our overall financial
condition. See “Item 7A – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk – Inflation Risk” for additional information. Assurant Employee Benefits calculates reserves for long-term disability and life waiver of premium claims using net present value
calculations based on interest rates at the time reserves are established and expectations regarding future interest rates. Waiver of premium refers to a provision in a life insurance policy pursuant to which an insured with a disability that lasts
for a specified period no longer has to pay premiums for the duration of the disability or for a stated period, during which time the life insurance coverage continues. If interest rates decline, reserves for open and new claims in Assurant Employee
Benefits may need to be calculated using lower discount rates, thereby increasing the net present value of those claims and the required reserves. Depending on the magnitude of the decline, such changes could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and financial condition. In addition, investment income may be lower than that assumed in setting premium rates. We may be unable to grow our business as we would like if we cannot find suitable acquisition candidates at attractive prices or integrate them
effectively. We expect acquisitions and
new ventures to play a significant role in the growth of some of our businesses. We may not, however, be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or new venture opportunities or to 25 Table of Contents finance or complete such transactions on acceptable terms. Additionally, the integration of acquired businesses may result in significant challenges, and we may be unable to accomplish such
integration smoothly or successfully. Acquired
businesses and new ventures may not provide us with the benefits that we anticipate. Acquisitions entail a number of risks including, among other things, inaccurate assessment of liabilities; difficulties in realizing projected efficiencies,
synergies and cost savings; difficulties in integrating systems and personnel; failure to achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flow; an increase in our indebtedness; and a limitation in our ability to access additional capital when needed.
Our failure to adequately address these acquisition risks could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our investment portfolio is subject to various risks that may result in realized investment losses. We are subject to credit risk in our investment portfolio,
primarily from our investments in corporate bonds, preferred stocks, leveraged loans, municipal bonds, and commercial mortgages. Defaults by third parties in the payment or performance of their obligations could reduce our investment income and
realized investment gains or result in the continued recognition of investment losses. The value of our investments may be materially adversely affected by increases in interest rates, downgrades in the corporate bonds included in the portfolio and
by other factors that may result in the continued recognition of other-than-temporary impairments. Each of these events may cause us to reduce the carrying value of our investment portfolio. Further, the value of any particular fixed maturity security is subject to impairment based on the
creditworthiness of a given issuer. As of December 31, 2014, fixed maturity securities represented 79% of the fair value of our total invested assets. Our fixed maturity portfolio also includes below investment grade securities (rated
“BB” or lower by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations). These investments comprise approximately 5% of the fair value of our total investments as of December 31, 2014 and generally provide higher expected returns but
present greater risk and can be less liquid than investment grade securities. A significant increase in defaults and impairments on our fixed maturity investment portfolio could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. See “Item 7A – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk – Credit Risk” for additional information on the composition of our fixed maturity investment portfolio. We currently invest in a small amount of equity securities
(approximately 3% of the fair value of our total investments as of December 31, 2014). However, we have had higher percentages in the past and may make more such investments in the future. Investments in equity securities generally provide
higher expected total returns but present greater risk to preservation of capital than our fixed maturity investments. If treasury rates or credit spreads were to increase, the Company may have additional realized and unrealized investment losses and
increases in other-than-temporary impairments. The determination that a security has incurred an other-than-temporary decline in value requires the judgment of management. Inherently, there are risks and uncertainties involved in making these
judgments. Changes in facts, circumstances, or critical assumptions could cause management to conclude that further impairments have occurred. This could lead to additional losses on investments. For further details on net investment losses and
other-than-temporary-impairments, please see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. Derivative instruments generally present greater risk than fixed maturity investments or equity investments because of their greater
sensitivity to market fluctuations. Since August 1, 2003, we have been using derivative instruments to manage the exposure to inflation risk created by our preneed insurance policies that are tied to the CPI. The protection provided by these
derivative instruments begins at higher levels of inflation. However, exposure can still exist due to potential differences in the amount of business and the notional amount of the protection. This could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. 26 Table of Contents Our commercial mortgage loans and real estate investments subject us to liquidity risk. Our commercial mortgage loans on real
estate investments (which represented approximately 10% of the fair value of our total investments as of December 31, 2014) are relatively illiquid. If we require extremely large amounts of cash on short notice, we may have difficulty selling
these investments at attractive prices and in a timely manner. The risk parameters of our investment portfolio may not assume an appropriate level of risk, thereby reducing our profitability and diminishing our
ability to compete and grow. In pricing
our products and services, we incorporate assumptions regarding returns on our investments. Accordingly, our investment decisions and objectives are a function of the underlying risks and product profiles of each of our operating segments. Market
conditions may not allow us to invest in assets with sufficiently high returns to meet our pricing assumptions and profit targets over the long term. If, in response, we choose to increase our product prices, our ability to compete and grow may be
diminished. Environmental liability exposure may result
from our commercial mortgage loan portfolio and real estate investments. Liability under environmental protection laws resulting from our commercial mortgage loan portfolio and real estate investments may weaken our financial strength and reduce our profitability. For more
information, please see Item 1, “Business – Regulation – Environmental Regulation.” Unanticipated changes in tax provisions, changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could materially and adversely affect our results. In accordance with applicable income tax guidance, the
Company must determine whether its ability to realize the value of its deferred tax asset is “more likely than not.” Under the income tax guidance, a deferred tax asset should be reduced by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of
all available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The realization of deferred tax assets depends upon the existence of sufficient taxable income of the same character during the
carryback or carryforward periods. In determining
the appropriate valuation allowance, management made certain judgments relating to recoverability of deferred tax assets, use of tax loss and tax credit carryforwards, levels of expected future taxable income and available tax planning strategies.
The assumptions in making these judgments are updated periodically on the basis of current business conditions affecting the Company and overall economic conditions. These management judgments are therefore subject to change due to factors that
include, but are not limited to, changes in our ability to realize sufficient taxable income of the same character in the same jurisdiction or in our ability to execute other tax planning strategies. Management will continue to assess and determine
the need for, and the amount of, the valuation allowance in subsequent periods. Any change in the valuation allowance could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Changes in tax laws could increase our corporate taxes or
reduce our deferred tax assets. Certain proposed changes could have the effect of increasing our effective tax rate by reducing deductions or increasing income inclusions. Conversely, other changes, such as lowering the corporate tax rate, could
reduce the value of our deferred tax assets. Failure to
protect our clients’ confidential information and privacy could harm our reputation, cause us to lose customers, reduce our profitability and subject us to fines, litigation and penalties, and the costs of compliance with privacy and security
laws could adversely affect our business. Our businesses are subject to a variety of privacy regulations and confidentiality obligations. If we do not comply with state and federal
privacy and security laws and regulations, or contractual provisions, requiring us to 27 Table of Contents protect confidential information and provide notice to individuals whose information is improperly disclosed, we could experience adverse consequences, including loss of customers and related
revenue, regulatory problems (including fines and penalties), harm to our reputation and civil litigation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. As have other entities in the insurance industry, we have incurred and
will continue to incur substantial costs in complying with the requirements of applicable privacy and security laws. For more information on the privacy and security laws that apply to us, please see Item 1, “Business –
Regulation.” The failure to effectively maintain and
modernize our information systems could adversely affect our business. Our business is dependent upon our ability to maintain the effectiveness of existing technology systems, enhance technology to support the Company’s business in an efficient and cost-effective
manner, and keep current with technological advances, evolving industry and regulatory standards and customer needs. In addition, our ability to keep our systems integrated with those of our clients is critical to the success of our business. If we
do not effectively maintain our systems and update them to address technological advancements, our relationships and ability to do business with our clients may be adversely affected. We could also experience other adverse consequences, including
unfavorable underwriting and reserving decisions, internal control deficiencies and security breaches resulting in loss of data. System development projects may be more costly or time-consuming than anticipated and may not deliver the expected
benefits upon completion. Failure to successfully manage
outsourcing activities could adversely affect our business. As we continue to improve operating efficiencies across the business, we have outsourced and may outsource selected functions to third parties. We take steps to monitor and regulate the performance of
these independent third parties to whom the Company has outsourced these functions. If these third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to the Company as a result of their performance, changes in their operations, financial condition or other
matters beyond our control, the Company’s operations, information, service standards and data could be compromised. In addition, to the extent the Company outsources selected services or functions to third parties outside the U.S., the Company
is exposed to the risks that accompany operations in a foreign jurisdiction, including international economic and political conditions, foreign laws and fluctuations in currency values and, potentially, increased risk of data breaches. For more
information on the risks associated with outsourcing to international third parties, please see Item 1A, “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Company – We face risks associated with our international operations.” If
third party providers do not perform as anticipated, we may not fully realize the anticipated economic and other benefits of this outsourcing, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. System security risks, data protection breaches and cyber-attacks could
adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to threats from computer viruses, natural disasters, unauthorized access, cyber attack and other similar disruptions. Although we have network security
measures in place, experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network and misappropriate or compromise confidential information, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. As an insurer, we receive and are required to protect
confidential information from customers, vendors and other third parties that may include personal health or financial information. If any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, or inappropriate disclosure of our
confidential information or that of others, it could damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and clients, lead to claims against the Company, result in regulatory action and harm our business. In addition, we may be
required to incur significant costs to mitigate the damage caused by any security breach or to protect against future damage. 28 Table of Contents We may be unable to accurately predict and price for benefits, claims and other costs, which could
reduce our profitability. Our
profitability could vary depending on our ability to predict and price for benefits, claims and other costs including, but not limited to, medical and dental costs, disability claims and the frequency and severity of property claims. This ability
could be affected by factors such as inflation, changes in the regulatory environment, changes in industry practices, changes in legal, social or environmental conditions, new treatments or technologies. Political or economic conditions can also
affect the availability of programs (for example, the Social Security disability program) on which our business may rely to accurately predict benefits and claims. The inability to accurately predict and price for benefits, claims and other costs
could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Reinsurance may not be available or adequate to protect us against losses, and we are subject to the credit risk of reinsurers. As part of our overall risk and capacity management strategy, we purchase reinsurance for certain risks
underwritten by our various operating segments. Although the reinsurer is liable to us for claims properly ceded under the reinsurance arrangements, we remain liable to the insured as the direct insurer on all risks reinsured. Ceded reinsurance
arrangements therefore do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims. We are subject to credit risk with respect to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. The inability to collect amounts due from reinsurers could materially adversely
affect our results of operations and our financial condition. Reinsurance for certain types of catastrophes could become unavailable or prohibitively expensive for some of our businesses. In such a situation, we might also be adversely affected by state regulations
that prohibit us from excluding catastrophe exposures or from withdrawing from or increasing premium rates in catastrophe-prone areas. Our reinsurance facilities are generally subject to annual renewal. We may not be able to maintain our current reinsurance facilities and,
even where highly desirable or necessary, we may not be able to obtain other reinsurance facilities in adequate amounts and at favorable rates. Inability to obtain reinsurance at favorable rates or at all could cause us to reduce the level of our
underwriting commitments, to take more risk, or to incur higher costs. These developments could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We have sold businesses through reinsurance that could again become our
direct financial and administrative responsibility if the purchasing companies were to become insolvent. In the past, we have sold, and in the future we may sell, businesses through reinsurance ceded to third parties. For example, in 2001 we
sold the insurance operations of our Fortis Financial Group (“FFG”) division to The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc. (“The Hartford”) and in 2000 we sold our Long Term Care (“LTC”) division to John Hancock Life
Insurance Company (“John Hancock”), now a subsidiary of Manulife Financial Corporation. Most of the assets backing reserves coinsured under these sales are held in trusts or separate accounts. However, if the reinsurers became insolvent,
we would be exposed to the risk that the assets in the trusts and/or the separate accounts would be insufficient to support the liabilities that would revert to us. In January 2013, The Hartford sold its Individual Life
Operations to Prudential Financial, Inc. (“Prudential”). Included in this transaction are the individual life policies remaining in force that were originally transferred to The Hartford as part of the sale of FFG. The assets backing the
reserves coinsured from The Hartford to Prudential continue to be held in trusts or separate accounts, and we are subject to the risk that the trust and/or separate account assets are insufficient to support the liabilities that would revert to us.
Although The Hartford remains responsible for the sufficiency of the assets backing the reserves, we face risks related to any administrative system changes Prudential implements in administering the business. The A.M. Best ratings of The Hartford and John Hancock are
currently A- and A+, respectively. A.M. Best currently maintains a stable outlook on both The Hartford’s and John Hancock’s financial strength ratings. 29 Table of Contents We also face the risk of again becoming responsible for administering these businesses in
the event of reinsurer insolvency. We do not currently have the administrative systems and capabilities to process these businesses. Accordingly, we would need to obtain those capabilities in the event of an insolvency of one or more of the
reinsurers. We might be forced to obtain such capabilities on unfavorable terms with a resulting material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, third parties to whom we have sold businesses in the past may
in turn sell these businesses to other third parties, and we could face risks related to the new administrative systems and capabilities of these third parties in administering these businesses. For more information on these arrangements, including the
reinsurance recoverables and risk mitigation mechanisms used, please see “Item 7A – Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks – Credit Risk.” Due to the structure of our commission program, we are exposed to risks
related to the creditworthiness and reporting systems of some of our agents, third party administrators and clients in Assurant Solutions and Assurant Specialty Property. We are subject to the credit risk of some of the clients and
agents with which we contract in Assurant Solutions and Assurant Specialty Property. For example, we advance agents’ commissions as part of our preneed insurance product offerings. These advances are a percentage of the total face amount of
coverage. There is a one-year payback provision against the agency if death or lapse occurs within the first policy year. If SCI, which receives the largest shares of such agent commissions, were unable to fulfill its payback obligations, this could
have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. In addition, some of our clients, third party administrators and agents collect and report premiums or pay claims on our behalf. These parties’ failure to remit all premiums collected or to pay
claims on our behalf on a timely and accurate basis could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The inability of our subsidiaries to pay sufficient dividends to the holding company could prevent us from meeting our obligations and paying future stockholder dividends. As a holding company whose principal assets are the capital
stock of our subsidiaries, Assurant, Inc. relies primarily on dividends and other statutorily permissible payments from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations for payment of interest and principal on outstanding debt obligations, to repurchase
shares, to acquire new businesses and to pay dividends to stockholders and corporate expenses. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and to make such other payments depends on their statutory surplus, future statutory earnings, rating
agency requirements and regulatory restrictions. Except to the extent that Assurant, Inc. is a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, claims of the subsidiaries’ creditors, including policyholders, have priority over
creditors’ claims with respect to the assets and earnings of the subsidiaries. If any of our subsidiaries should become insolvent, liquidate or otherwise reorganize, our creditors and stockholders will have no right to proceed against their
assets or to cause the liquidation, bankruptcy or winding-up of the subsidiary under applicable liquidation, bankruptcy or winding-up laws. The applicable insurance laws of the jurisdiction where each of our insurance subsidiaries is domiciled would
govern any proceedings relating to that subsidiary, and the insurance authority of that jurisdiction would act as a liquidator or rehabilitator for the subsidiary. Both creditors and policyholders of the subsidiary would be entitled to payment in
full from the subsidiary’s assets before Assurant, Inc., as a stockholder, would be entitled to receive any distribution from the subsidiary. The payment of dividends by any of our regulated domestic insurance company subsidiaries in excess of specified amounts (i.e.,
extraordinary dividends) must be approved by the subsidiary’s domiciliary state department of insurance. Ordinary dividends, for which no regulatory approval is generally required, are limited to amounts determined by a formula, which varies by
state. The formula for the majority of the states in which our subsidiaries are domiciled is based on the prior year’s statutory net income or 10% of the statutory surplus as of the end of the prior year. Some states limit ordinary dividends to
the greater of these two amounts, others limit 30 Table of Contents them to the lesser of these two amounts and some states exclude prior year realized capital gains from prior year net income in determining ordinary dividend capacity. Some states have an
additional stipulation that dividends may only be paid out of earned surplus. If insurance regulators determine that payment of an ordinary dividend or any other payments by our insurance subsidiaries to us (such as payments under a tax sharing
agreement or payments for employee or other services) would be adverse to policyholders or creditors, they may block such payments that would otherwise be permitted without prior approval. Future regulatory actions could further restrict the ability
of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends. For more information on the maximum amount our subsidiaries could pay us in 2015 without regulatory approval, see “Item 5 – Market For Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities – Dividend Policy.” Assurant, Inc.’s credit facilities also contain limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders if we are in default or such dividend payments would cause us to be in default of our
obligations under the credit facilities. Any
additional material restrictions on the ability of insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends could adversely affect Assurant, Inc.’s ability to pay any dividends on our common stock and/or service our debt and pay our other corporate expenses. The success of our business strategy depends on the
continuing service of key executives and the members of our senior management team, and any failure to adequately provide for the succession of senior management and other key executives could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our business and results of operations
could be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for and successfully carry out the succession of our senior management and other key executives. Risks Related to Our Industry We are subject to extensive laws and regulations, which increase our costs and could restrict the conduct of our business. Our insurance and other subsidiaries are subject to
extensive regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions in which they do business. Such regulation is generally designed to protect the interests of policyholders or other customers. To that end, the laws of the various states and other
jurisdictions establish insurance departments and other regulatory bodies with broad powers over, among other things: licensing and authorizing the transaction of business; capital, surplus and dividends; underwriting limitations; companies’
ability to enter and exit markets; statutory accounting and other disclosure requirements; policy forms; coverage; companies’ ability to provide, terminate or cancel certain coverages; premium rates, including regulatory ability to disapprove
or reduce the premium rates companies may charge; trade and claims practices; certain transactions between affiliates; content of disclosures to consumers; type, amount and valuation of investments; assessments or other surcharges for guaranty funds
and companies’ ability to recover assessments through premium increases; and market conduct and sales practices. For a discussion of various laws and regulations affecting our business, please see Item 1, “Business – Regulation.” If regulatory requirements impede our ability to
conduct certain operations, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, we may be unable to maintain all required licenses and approvals and our business may not fully comply with the wide
variety of applicable laws and regulations or the relevant regulators’ interpretation of these laws and regulations. In such events, the insurance regulatory authorities could preclude us from operating, limit some or all of our activities, or
fine us. Such actions could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 31 Table of Contents Our business is subject to risks related to litigation and regulatory actions. From time to time, we may be subject to a variety of legal
and regulatory actions relating to our current and past business operations, including, but not limited to: • actions by regulatory authorities that may restrict our ability to increase or maintain our premium rates, require us to reduce premium rates, imposes
fines or penalties and result in other expenses; • market conduct examinations, for which we are required to pay the expenses of the regulator as well as our own expenses, and which may result in fines,
penalties, or other adverse consequences; • disputes regarding our lender-placed insurance products including those relating to rates, agent compensation, consumer disclosure, continuous coverage
requirements, loan tracking services and other services that we provide to mortgage servicers; • disputes over coverage or claims adjudication; • disputes over our treatment of claims, in which states or insureds may allege that we failed to make required payments or to meet prescribed deadlines
for adjudicating claims; • disputes regarding sales practices, disclosures, premium refunds, licensing, regulatory compliance, underwriting and compensation arrangements; • disputes with agents, brokers or network providers over compensation and termination of contracts and related claims; • disputes alleging bundling of credit insurance and warranty products with other products provided by financial institutions; • disputes with tax and insurance authorities regarding our tax liabilities; • disputes relating to customers’ claims that the customer was not aware of the full cost or existence of the insurance or limitations on insurance
coverage; and • industry-wide investigations regarding business practices including, but not limited to, the use and the marketing of certain types of insurance
policies or certificates of insurance. The premiums we charge are subject to review by regulators. If they consider our loss ratios to be too low, they could require us to reduce our rates. Significant rate reductions could materially reduce
our profitability. Lender-placed insurance
products accounted for approximately 71% and 73% of Assurant Specialty Property’s net earned premiums for the twelve months ended December 2014 and 2013, respectively. The approximate corresponding contributions to segment net income in these
periods were 73% and 87%. The portion of total segment net income attributable to lender-placed products may vary substantially over time depending on the frequency, severity and location of catastrophic losses, the cost of catastrophe reinsurance
and reinstatement coverage, the variability of claim processing costs and client acquisition costs, and other factors. In addition, we expect placement rates for these products to decline. The Company files rates with the state departments of insurance in the ordinary course of business. In addition
to this routine correspondence, from time to time the Company engages in discussions and proceedings with certain state regulators regarding our lender-placed insurance business. The results of such reviews may vary. As previously disclosed, the
Company has reached agreements with the New York Department of Financial Services (the “NYDFS”), the Florida Office of Insurance Regulation (the “FOIR”) and the California Department of Insurance regarding the Company’s
lender-placed insurance business in those states. It is possible that other state departments of insurance and regulatory authorities may choose to initiate or continue to review the appropriateness of the Company’s premium rates for its
lender-placed insurance products. If, in the aggregate further reviews by state departments of insurance lead to significant decreases in premium rates for the Company’s lender-placed insurance products, our results of operations could be
materially adversely affected. 32 Table of Contents Further, actions by certain regulators may cause changes to the structure of the
lender-placed insurance industry, including the arrangements under which we issue insurance and track coverage on mortgaged properties. These changes could materially adversely affect the results of operations of Assurant Specialty Property and the
results of operations and financial condition of the Company. See Item 1, “Business – Regulation” and Item 7, “MD&A – Results of Operations – Assurant Specialty Property – Regulatory Matters.” In addition, the Company is involved in a variety
of litigation relating to its current and past business operations and may from time to time become involved in other such actions. In particular, the Company is a defendant in class actions in a number of jurisdictions regarding its lender-placed
insurance programs. These cases allege a variety of claims under a number of legal theories. The plaintiffs seek premium refunds and other relief. The Company continues to defend itself vigorously in these class actions and, as appropriate, to enter
into settlements. We participate in settlements
on terms that we consider reasonable in light of the strength of our defenses; however, the results of any pending or future litigation and regulatory proceedings are inherently unpredictable and involve significant uncertainty. Unfavorable outcomes
in litigation or regulatory proceedings, or significant problems in our relationships with regulators, could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, our reputation, our ratings, and our ability to continue to
do business. They could also expose us to further investigations or litigation. In addition, certain of our clients in the mortgage and credit card and banking industries are the subject of various regulatory investigations and litigation regarding
mortgage lending practices, credit insurance, debt-deferment and debt cancelation products, and the sale of ancillary products, which could indirectly affect our businesses. Changes in regulation may reduce our profitability and limit our
growth. Legislation or other regulatory
reform that increases the regulatory requirements imposed on us or that changes the way we are able to do business may significantly harm our business or results of operations in the future. If we were unable for any reason to comply with these
requirements, it could result in substantial costs to us and may materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, new interpretations of existing laws, or new judicial decisions affecting the insurance industry, could adversely affect our
business. Legislative or regulatory changes that
could significantly harm our subsidiaries and us include, but are not limited to: • imposed reductions on premium levels, limitations on the ability to raise premiums on existing policies, or new minimum loss ratios; • increases in minimum capital, reserves and other financial viability requirements; • enhanced or new regulatory requirements intended to prevent future financial crises or to otherwise ensure the stability of institutions; • new licensing requirements; • restrictions on the ability to offer certain types of insurance products; • prohibitions or limitations on provider financial incentives and provider risk-sharing arrangements; • more stringent standards of review for claims denials or coverage determinations; • additional guaranteed-issue requirements restricting our ability to limit or deny coverage; • new benefit mandates; 33 Table of Contents • increased regulation relating to lender-placed insurance; • limitations on our ability to build appropriate provider networks and, as a result, manage health care and utilization due to “any willing
provider” legislation, which requires us to take any provider willing to accept our reimbursement; • limitations on the ability to manage health care and utilization due to direct access laws that allow insureds to seek services directly from specialty
medical providers without referral by a primary care provider; • new or enhanced regulatory requirements that require insurers to pay claims on terms other than those mandated by underlying policy contracts; and • restriction of solicitation of insurance consumers by funeral board laws for prefunded funeral insurance coverage. In recent years, significant attention has been focused on
the procedures that life insurers follow to identify unreported death claims. In November 2011, the National Conference of Insurance Legislators (“NCOIL”) proposed a model rule that would govern unclaimed property policies for insurers and
mandate the use of the U.S. Social Security Administration’s Death Master File (the “Death Master File”) to identify deceased policyholders and beneficiaries. Certain state insurance regulators have also focused on this issue. For
example, the NYDFS issued a letter requiring life insurers doing business in New York to use data from the Death Master File to search proactively for deceased policyholders and to pay claims without the receipt of a valid claim by or on behalf of a
beneficiary. The Company evaluated the impact of the NCOIL model rule and established reserves for additional claim liabilities in certain of its businesses. It is possible that existing reserves may be inadequate and need to be increased and/or
that the Company may be required to establish reserves for businesses the Company does not currently believe are subject to the NCOIL model rule or any similar regulatory requirement. In addition, it is possible that these regulators or regulators
in other states may adopt regulations similar to the NCOIL model rule or to the requirements imposed by the NYDFS. In addition, regulators in certain states have hired third party auditors to audit the unclaimed property records of insurance companies.
Among other companies, the Company is subject to these audits in a number of states and has been responding to information requests from these auditors. Several proposals are currently pending to amend state insurance holding company laws to increase the scope of insurance holding company
regulation. These include model laws proposed by the International Association of Insurance Supervisors and the NAIC that provide for uniform standards of insurer corporate governance, group-wide supervision of insurance holding companies,
adjustments to risk-based capital ratios, and additional regulatory disclosure requirements for insurance holding companies. In addition, the NAIC has proposed a “Solvency Modernization Initiative” that focuses on capital requirements,
corporate governance and risk management, statutory accounting and financial reporting, and reinsurance. Similarly, the Solvency II Directive, which was adopted in the European Union on November 25, 2009 and is expected to become effective in
2016, reforms the insurance industry’s solvency framework, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements, risk management and public reporting standards. Various state and federal regulatory authorities have taken actions with respect to our lender-placed insurance
business. As previously disclosed, the Company has been involved in discussions and has reached agreements with certain state regulators regarding its lender-placed insurance business. At the federal level, in early 2013, the CFPB published mortgage
servicing guidelines that incorporate certain requirements mandated by the Dodd-Frank Act. In addition, the FHFA issued new mortgage servicer guidelines, which became effective in June 2014, that eliminated lender-placed insurance-related
commissions and client quota-share arrangements on properties securing GSE loans. At the directive of the FHFA, the Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie
Mac”) each issued bulletins in December 2013 implementing these mortgage servicer guidelines. 34 Table of Contents Additionally, the financial impact on Assurant Health of the reinsurance, risk adjustment
and risk corridor programs under the Affordable Care Act is highly uncertain. Consequently, it is impossible to be certain about the amounts that Assurant Health will pay or receive under these programs, which could have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations. Reform of the health insurance
industry could materially reduce the profitability of certain of our businesses or render them unprofitable. The Affordable Care Act and related reforms make and will continue to make sweeping and fundamental changes to the U.S. health care
system. For more information on the Affordable Care Act and its impact on our Assurant Health and Assurant Employee Benefits segments, please see Item 1, “Business – Regulation – Federal Regulation – Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act.” Among other
requirements, the Affordable Care Act requires that Assurant Health rebate to consumers the difference between its actual loss ratios and required minimum medical loss ratios (by state and legal entity) for certain products. Please see “Item 7
– Management’s Discussion & Analysis – Critical Accounting Estimates – Health Insurance Premium Rebate Liability” for more information about the minimum medical loss ratio and the Company’s rebate estimate
calculations. In addition, the Affordable Care Act imposes limitations on the deductibility of compensation and certain other payments. Although Assurant Health has made, and continues to make, significant changes to its operations and products to adapt to the new
environment, the landscape continues to evolve, and it is uncertain how effective any changes made by Assurant Health will be in addressing potential difficulties we may face. Consequently, this segment could be adversely affected if its plans for
operating in the new environment are unsuccessful or if there is less demand than we expect for these products in the new environment. Uncertainty remains with respect to a number of provisions of the Affordable Care Act. Any inability of our businesses to adapt to
requirements of the Affordable Care Act and any significant continuing uncertainty with respect to its implementation could lead to a material reduction in their profitability. The insurance and related businesses in which we operate may be subject
to periodic negative publicity, which may negatively affect our financial results. We communicate with and distribute our products and services ultimately to individual consumers. There may be a perception that some of these purchasers may be unsophisticated and in need of consumer
protection. Accordingly, from time to time, consumer advocacy groups or the media may focus attention on our products and services, thereby subjecting us to negative publicity. We may also be negatively affected if another company in one
of our industries or in a related industry engages in practices resulting in increased public attention to our businesses. Negative publicity may also result from judicial inquiries, unfavorable outcomes in lawsuits, or regulatory or governmental
action with respect to our products, services and industry commercial practices. Negative publicity may cause increased regulation and legislative scrutiny of industry practices as well as increased litigation or enforcement action by civil and
criminal authorities. Additionally, negative publicity may increase our costs of doing business and adversely 35 Table of Contents affect our profitability by impeding our ability to market our products and services, constraining our ability to price our products appropriately for the risks we are assuming, requiring us to
change the products and services we offer, or increasing the regulatory burdens under which we operate. The insurance industry can be cyclical, which may affect our results. Certain lines of insurance that we write can be cyclical. Although no two cycles are the same, insurance industry cycles have typically
lasted for periods ranging from two to ten years. In addition, the upheaval in the global economy in recent years has been much more widespread and has affected all the businesses in which we operate. We expect to see continued cyclicality in some
or all of our businesses in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Given the recent economic climate, our stock may be subject to stock price and trading volume volatility. The price of our common stock could
fluctuate or decline significantly and you could lose all or part of your investment. In recent years, the stock markets have experienced significant price and trading volume volatility. Company-specific issues and market developments generally in the insurance industry and in the
regulatory environment may have caused this volatility. Our stock price could materially fluctuate or decrease in response to a number of events and factors, including but not limited to: quarterly variations in operating results; operating and
stock price performance of comparable companies; changes in our financial strength ratings; limitations on premium levels or the ability to maintain or raise premiums on existing policies; regulatory developments and negative publicity relating to
us or our competitors. In addition, broad market and industry fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Applicable laws, our certificate of incorporation and by-laws, and
contract provisions may discourage takeovers and business combinations that some stockholders might consider to be in their best interests. State laws and our certificate of incorporation and by-laws may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our
stockholders might consider in their best interests. For example, Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware may limit the ability of an “interested stockholder” to engage in business combinations with us. An
interested stockholder is defined to include persons owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock. These provisions may also make it difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our directors, facilitating director enhancement that may
delay, defer or prevent a change in control. Such provisions may prevent our stockholders from receiving the benefit from any premium to the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a
takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging future takeover attempts. Our certificate of incorporation or by-laws also contain provisions that permit our Board of Directors to issue
one or more series of preferred stock, prohibit stockholders from filling vacancies on our Board of Directors, prohibit stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders and from taking action by written consent, and impose advance notice
requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations of directors to be considered at stockholder meetings. Additionally, applicable state insurance laws may require prior approval of an application to acquire control of a domestic insurer. State
statutes generally provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist when any person directly or indirectly owns, controls, has voting power over, or holds proxies representing, 10% or more of the domestic insurer’s voting
securities. However, the State of Florida, in which some of our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled, sets this threshold at 5%. Because a person acquiring 5% or more of our 36 Table of Contents common stock would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our Florida subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of Florida would apply to such transaction and at 10% the
laws of many other states would likely apply to such a transaction. Prior to granting such approval, a state insurance commissioner will typically consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity of the
applicant’s board of directors and executive officers, the applicant’s plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. We may also, under some circumstances involving a change of
control, be obligated to repay our outstanding indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and other agreements. We or any possible acquirer may not have available financial resources necessary to repay such indebtedness in those circumstances,
which may constitute an event of default resulting in acceleration of indebtedness and potential cross-default under other agreements. The threat of this could have the effect of delaying or preventing transactions involving a change of control,
including transactions in which our stockholders would receive a substantial premium for their shares over then-current market prices, or which they otherwise may deem to be in their best interests. 