” in this report. Reserve engineering is a process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact way. The accuracy of any reserve estimate depends on the quality of available data, the interpretation of such data and price and cost assumptions made by reservoir engineers . Specifically, future prices received for production and costs may vary, perhaps significantly, from the prices and costs assumed for purposes of these estimates. Prices for oil or natural gas at their current levels after the severe decline in the second half of 2014 are currently below the average calculat ed for 2014, and sustained lower prices will cause the twelve month weighted average price to decrease over time as the lower prices are reflected in the average price, which may reduce the estimated quantities and present values of our reserves. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production activities may justify revisions of estimates that were made previously. If significant, such revisions would change the schedule of any further production and development drilling. Accordingly, reserve estimates may differ significantly from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties described in this report occur, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, our actual results and plans could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements, expressed or implied, included in this report are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. This cautionary statement should also be considered in connection with any subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements that we may issue. 1 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report. PAR T I Item 1. Bu siness Our Company Alta Mesa Holdings, LP (“Alta Mesa,” the “Company,” “us,” “our,” or “we”) is a privately held company engaged primarily in onshore oil and natural gas acquisition, exploitation, exploration and production whose focus is to maximize the profitability of our assets in a safe and environmentally sound manner. We seek to maintain a portfolio of assets in plays with known resources where we identify a large inventory of lower risk drilling, development, and enhanced recovery and exploitation opportunities. Our operations are located within the continental United States. Our core properties are located in Oklahoma, Louisiana, and Texas. We believe there are decades of future development potential in our balanced portfolio of assets — principally historically prolific fields in the Sooner Trend in Oklahoma, the Weeks Island Complex field s in South Louisiana, and the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas. We maximize the profitability of our assets by focusing on sound engineering, enhanced geological techniques including 3-D seismic analysis, and proven drilling, stimulation, completion, and production methods. As of December 31, 2014, our estimated total proved oil and natural gas reserves were approximately 56.9 MMBOE, of which 52% were classified as proved developed reserves. Our proved reserve mix is approximately 55% oil, 30% natural gas, and 15% natural gas liquids. Excluding our Eagle Ford Shale assets, we maintain operational control of the majority of our properties, either through directly operating them, or through operating arrangements with minority interest holders. Our areas of focus are typically characterized by multiple hydrocarbon pay zones, and because in many cases we are re-developing fields and areas originally discovered and developed by major oil and natural gas companies and other independent producers, our assets are typically served by existing infrastructure. As a result, we believe that our business model lowers geological, mechanical, and market-related risks. We focus on properties within our core operating areas that we believe have significant development and exploration opportunities and where we can apply our technical experience and economies of scale to increase production and proved reserves while lowering lease operating and capital costs. Additionally, we have consistently created value through workovers and re-completions of existing wells, infill drilling, operations improvements, secondary recovery and 3-D seismic-driven drilling. We expect to continue production growth in our core areas by exploiting known resources with continued well workovers, development drilling, and disciplined exploration. The success of our business is highly dependent on the price we receive for our oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas. Beginning in the third quarter of 2014, the price for oil began a large decline, and current prices for oil are significantly less than they have been over the last several years. These lower commodity prices have brought significant and immediate changes affecting our industry. Low commodity prices affect our business in numerous ways, including : · a significant reduction in our revenues and cash flows; · some of our developed wells and undeveloped wells may become uneconomic; · capital to develop reserves may be reduced; · proved reserves may be reduced; · impairments of our oil and natural gas properties may increase; · our cost of capital may become more expensive and access to capital may become more difficult, including from possible decreases in the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility; and · an increase in the possibility that some of the purchasers of our oil and natural gas production, or some of the companies that provide us with services, will experience financial difficulties. In response to the lower oil and natural gas prices, we have taken a number of actions to conserve our liquidity, including: · reducing near term capital expenditures; · actively seeking alternative sources of capital to develop our proved undeveloped reserves; · negotiating lower costs from service companies and other vendors; and · managing capital expenditures on operated properties we control. We have reduced our capital expenditures and operating costs in response to recent decline in commodity prices, and our long term strategy remains intact. While we cannot predict the length or depth of the current oil price decline, or the timing and extent of a potential price rebound, we have moved quickly and decisively regarding what we can control: our operating costs and the timing and levels of capital spending on projects we operate or control. 2 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements For a more in-depth discussion of 2014 results, and our capital resources and liquidity, please see Part II, Item 7—Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. Overview of 2014 During 2014, we concentrated our efforts on developing our three core properties : Sooner Trend, Weeks Island Complex , and Eagleville in the Eagle Ford Shale play. We continue to emphasize oil-rich reserves and production. Highlights from 2014 include: · estimated proved reserves de creased by 3.4 MMBOE over 2013 year-end, primarily as a result of the sale of our Hilltop Field Deep Bossier assets and a partial sale of our Eagle Ford Shale assets; · percentage of proved reserves attributable to oil and natur al gas liquids increased from 63% as of year-end 2013 to 70% as of year-end 2014 (converting natural gas to oil at a ratio of 6:1); · percentage of total production attributable to oil and natur al gas liquids increased from 54% in 2013 to 64% in 2014, measured on the traditional energy content ratio of 6:1 between natural gas and oil; · oil production increased 30% from 2.9 MMBbl as of year-end 2013 to 3.8 MMBbl as of year-end 2014 ; · tot al revenues from hydrocarbons, oil revenues and natural gas revenues increased 15 % , 17%, and 6% , respec tively, over 2013 year-end ; · drilled 133 gross wells ( 53.3 net wells) of which 120 gross wells ( 47.2 net wells) were in our three core properties; · approximately $ 411 million was invested in our oil and natural gas propert ies in 2014, as compared to $354 million for 2013 (both totals include acquisition s ); · recognized impairm ent expense for the year-end 2014 of $74.9 million primarily related to non-core natural gas properties. Recent Acquisitions and Divesture Activity In March 2014, we sold a portion of our proved oil reserves, approximately 7.5 MMBOE, in our Eagleville field in South Texas. The transaction provided us $17 1 million in cash, of which $169 million was used to reduce the outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. The sale was structured to provide us with continuing net revenues based on 50% of our original working interest in 2014, declining to 30% in 2015, 15% in 2016, and zero in 2017, and we will continue to develop additional Eagleville wells at 70% of our original working interest. Total reserves we retained are estimated as 7.7 MMBOE, of which 67% were considered proved undeveloped based on classifications from our reserve report as of December 31, 2014. This partial sale of our Eagleville assets provided us cash for investment in new areas without relinquishing our position in the Eagle Ford Shale, which we continue to view as a high-quality core property with years of development potential. On August 7, 2014, we sold our interests in the Anne Parsons field for a cash payment of $9.2 million, which was subsequently adjusted to $8.6 million for customary settlement adjustments through December 31, 2014. As of the date of sale, estimated proved reserves associated with these properties were 4.8 BCFE. This East Texas field produced primarily natural gas and natural gas liquids. On September 19, 2014, we sold our remaining interests in the Hilltop field for a cash payment of $41.6 million, which was subsequently adjusted to $38.9 million for customary settlement adjustments through December 31, 2014 . As of the date of sale, estimated proved reserves associated with these properties were 29.8 BCFE. This East Texas field produced primarily dry gas. On December 31, 2014, we sold our interests in a partially constructed pipeline and gas processing plant at cost to Northwest Gas Processing, LLC (“NWGP”), an affiliate of our Class B partner, High Mesa, Inc. ( “High Mesa”) and formerly named Alta Mesa Investment Holdings, Inc. ( “AMIH”) for an aggregate of $34.0 million, which was comprised of $25.5 million in cash and $8.5 million in promissory note. Immediately after the consummation of the transaction, the $8.5 million promissory note was transferred from NWGP to High Mesa Services, LLC (“HMS”), a subsidiary of the Parent company High Mesa . We did not recognize any gain or loss on the sale as the midstream assets were sold at cost. This transaction also relieved us from the capital expenditures that would have been required to complete the construction of the pipeline and facilities. The $25.5 million was funded subsequent to year-end on January 2, 2015. Outlook As a result of the significant decline in oil prices and in order to preserve our liquidity, we have reduced our anticipated capital expenditures for 2015 to $148 million, as follows: · approximately $ 84 million to be spent in Sooner Trend; · approximately $ 31 million to be spent in Weeks Island Complex ; · approximately $ 7 million to be spent in Eagleville; and 3 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements · approximately $ 26 million to be spent on various other properties. O ur Strategy Our objective is to increase reserves and production by applying sound engineering and geological analyses, combined with safe and cost-effective operations, in areas we have identified as under-developed and over-looked. · Exploit Known Resources in a Repeatable Manner . The majority of our assets are in mature fields previously developed by major oil and natural gas companies or other independent producers, prior to the advent of newer technology that can be applied today. Our objective is to enhance existing production in these properties by using our engineering and geological expertise to convert undeveloped reserves to active production, and to efficiently reduce operating and capital costs. We leverage previous experience and knowledge to continually improve our operations and guide our future development and expansion. · Maximize Development Opportunities with Sound Engineering and Technology . We seek to exploit and redevelop mature properties by using state-of-the-art technology including horizontal drilling, multi-stage hydraulic fracturing, 2-D and 3-D seismic imaging and advanced seismic modeling. We apply sound engineering and geologic science to define the appropriate application of appropriate recovery techniques, including recompletions, infill/step out drilling, horizontal drilling, and/or secondary recovery methods to enhance oil and natural gas production. Our geologists, geophysicists, engineers, and petrophysicists systematically integrate reservoir performance data with geologic and geophysical data, an approach that reduces drilling risks, lowers finding costs and provides for more efficient production of oil and natural gas from our properties. · Create High-Potential, High-Impact Opportunities while Mitigating Exploration Risk. We target high impact prospects that offer an opportunity to significantly grow reserves. We minimize exploration risk by obtaining and synthesizing engineering, geologic, and seismic data to create a robust knowledge of producing zones in and around our prospective areas. We seek multiple targets in a given exploratory well to maximize and prolong the impact of our capital spending, and seek exploration opportunities that will, upon success, lead to multiple development wells. We diversify our risk across a number of prospects and further mitigate risk by typically bringing in industry partners to participate in our exploration prospects. · Optimize Production Mix Based on Market Conditions . Our asset base enables us to efficiently and rapidly adjust our development activity in response to market prices. Despite the recent oil price decline, we intend to continue to exploit oil and natural gas liquids opportunities within our portfolio. Oil and natural gas liquids together represent ed 64% of our 2014 production, measured on the traditional energy content ratio of 6:1 between natural gas and crude oil. Oil and liquids-rich gas opportunit ies represented approximately 94% of our 2014 capital budge t and represent approximately 75% of our 2015 capital budget. Commodity mix is a key consideration as we continually evaluate future drilling and acquisition opportunities in light of market price fluctuations. · Pursue Value-Based Acquisitions that Leverage Current Internal Knowledge. We pursue acquisition targets where our own field exploitation methods can be profitably employed, and identify properties that other energy companies may consider lower-valued and/or non-strategic. We seek to control operations, and also engage in partnerships with other capable operators and service providers so we can capitalize on their data, knowledge and access to equipment. · Mitigate Commodity Price Risk . Due to the potential for low oil and natural gas prices, we periodically enter into derivative transactions for a portion of our planned future oil and natural gas production. This allows us to reduce exposure to low prices and achieve more predictable cash flows. We retain commodity price upside potential through active management of our portfolio of derivative transactions, as well as through future production and reserve growth. As of December 31, 201 4 , we have hedged approxi mately 78% of our forecasted production from proved developed properties (“PDP”) through 2018 at average annual floor prices ranging from $ 4.19 per MMBtu to $ 4.50 per MMBtu for natural gas and $ 80.00 per Bbl to $ 89.16 per Bbl for oil . · Maintain Financial Flexibility . In order to maintain our financial flexi bility, we plan to fund our 2015 capital budget predominantly with cash flow from operations supplemented by borrowings under our credit facility and cash on hand . Our operational control of most properties enables us to manage the timing of a substantial portion of our capital i nvestments. At December 31, 2014 , under our senior secured revolving credit facility, we had $319 .5 million in borrowings outstanding and $ 54.6 million available for borrowing. Our Strengths We believe that the following strengths provide us with significant competitive advantages and position us to continue to achieve our business objective and execute our strategies: 4 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements · Proven Track Record of Reserves and Production Growth . We have increased production at a compounded annual rate of approximately 27% since 2008 through a focused program of drilling and field re-development complemented by strategic acquisitions. Based on our long-term historical performance and our business strategy, we believe we have the opportunities, experience and knowledge to continue growing both our reserves and production. · High Quality Portfolio of Under-Exploited Properties and Multi-Year, Low-Risk Drilling and Wellbore Utilization Inventory . The bulk of our assets are producing properties with significant opportunities for additional exploitation and exploration. We have created and expect to maintain a multi-year drilling inventory and a continuing program of well recompletions, typically to shallower productive zones as deeper formations deplete ov er time. As of December 31, 2014 , our inventory of proved reserve projects consists of 226 PUD locations, including 93 PUD locations in the Sooner Trend, 109 PUD locations in Eagle Ford Shale , and 1 3 PUD locations in Weeks Island Complex . We believe that we have significant additional development opportunities that are not classified as proved reserves. By targeting productive zones in multiple stacked pays we are able to minimize exploration risk and costs. · Geographically and Geologically Balanced Asset Base . We have a balanced portfolio of low-risk conventional and high-impact resource assets across various historically productive basins. Our core assets are located in the Sooner Trend in Oklahoma, where our assets are in the Meramec section of the Mississippian Lime stone , the Oswego Lime, the Hunton Lime, legacy waterflooded zones with shallow declines, and other formations; in South Texas, where our Eagle Ford Shale assets are an oil and liquids-rich gas resource; and in South Louisiana, where our most significant field is Weeks Island, a large oil field with multiple stacked pay sands. Our core properties are located in areas that benefit from an experienced and well-established service sector, efficient state regulation, and available midstream infrastructure and services. In addition, based on our reserv e report as of December 31, 2014 , approximately 87% of our total future net undiscounted revenues are expected to be from the production of proved oil and natural gas liquids reserves. We believe our geographic and geologic diversification enables us to allocate our capital more profitably, manage market, weather and regulatory risks, and capitalize on technological improvements. · Strong Management Team and Seasoned Technical Expertise . We have an experienced and technically-adept management team, averaging more than 25 years of industry experience among our top eight executives. We have built a strong technical staff of geologists and geophysicists, field operations managers, and engineers in all relevant disciplines. Our engineers and operations staff typically began their careers with major oil companies, large independent producers, or leading service companies, and have direct experience in our areas of operation. We believe our engineers are among the best in their respective fields. Recent Partnership C hanges We are structured as a private partnership. Since our inception, we have funded exploration, development and operating activities primarily through cash from operations, as well as capital raised from e quity contributed by our founder, capital contributed by a private equity partner, borrowings under our bank credit facilities, and proceeds from the issuance of $450 million principal amount of senior secured notes. From September 2006 until March 2014, our private equity partner was High Mesa , an affiliate of Denham Commodity Partners Fund IV LP (“ DCPF IV”) and Denham Capital Management LP (collectively with DCPF ICV, “Denham”) , a private equity firm focused on energy and commod ities. On March 25, 2014, a syndicate led by Highbridge Principal Strategies LLC (“Highbridge”) invested in High Mesa and enabled High Mesa to complete a $350 million recapitalization . Immediately following the recapitalization, High Mesa used a portion of the proceeds to redeem all of the shares of High Mesa held by Denham. Highbridge receive d convertible PIK preferred stock in High Mesa and senior PIK notes from High Mesa and nominate d one member to our Board of Directors. High Mesa remains our sole Class B Partner. In connection with the recapitalization, Alta Mesa GP, our general partner, High Mesa, as holder of 100% of our Class B Units, and all of our Class A Limited Partners entered into a Second Amended and Restated Limited Partnership Agreement which provided for the contribution of 50% of the interest held by the Class A Limited Partners to High Mesa in exchange for common stock in High Mesa. The Class A interests contributed to High Mesa were terminated. The amended partnership agreement provides for certain drag-along rights, including the mandatory contribution to High Mesa by the Class A Limited Partners of their remaining Class A Units upon an initial public offering. Immediately after closing the recapitalization, High Mesa also purchased all of the Class A Units held by Macquarie Bank Limited and RBS Equity Corporation. The partnership agreement was further amended to provide that all distributions under the amended partnership agreement shall first be made to holders of Class B Units, until all principal and interest has been extinguished under the senior PIK notes issued by High Mesa to Highbridge. After such extinguishment of the senior PIK notes, distributions shall then be made to holders of Class A and Class B Units pursuant to the distribution formulas set forth in the amended partnership agreement. 5 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Reserve and Production Overview The following table describes our proved reserves and production profile as of December 31, 2014: Total Oil and Average Estimated NGLs as % Daily Net Proved of Total PV-10 Net Production Reserves % Proved Proved ($ in millions) Net Producing 2014 (MMBOE) Developed (1) Reserves (1) (2) Acreage (3) Wells (4) (MBOE/d) Sooner Trend 28.2 44% 75% $ 636.4 44,507 223.0 4.8 Weeks Island Complex 8.8 75% 93% 391.8 13,919 49.4 5.0 Eagle Ford 7.7 33% 92% 249.6 1,765 14.8 2.8 Other 12.2 76% 29% 140.2 236,253 116.2 5.8 All Properties 56.9 52% 70% $ 1,418.0 296,444 403.4 18.4 (1) Computed as a percentage of total reserves of the property. (2) PV-10 was calculated using oil and natural gas price parameters established by current SEC guidelines and accounting rules based on the unweighted arithmetic average of oil and natural gas prices as of the first day of each of the twelve months ended December 31, 2014. Because we are a partnership and, as such, are not subject to income taxes, our PV-10 is the same as our standardized measure of future net cash flows, the most comparable measure under generally accepted accounting principles, which is reduced for the discounted value of estimated future income taxes. Calculation of PV-10 does not give effect to derivatives transactions. The unweighted arithmetic average prices as of the first of each month during the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 were $94.99 per Bbl of oil and $4.35 per MMBtu of natural gas . Prices for oil or natural gas at their current levels after the significant decline in prices in the second half of 2014 are currently below the average calculated for 2014. Sustained lower prices will cause the unweighted arithmetic average to decrease over time as the lower prices are reflected in the average price, which may result in the estimated quantities and present values of our reserves being reduced and may necessitate future write-downs. (3) Includes developed and undeveloped acreage. (4) Calculated as gross wells times our working interest percentage. Our Properties Sooner Trend, Oklahoma Our assets in the Sooner Trend in Oklahoma are located in large mature oil fields with multiple pay zones at depths from less than 2,000 feet to 7,500 feet. These assets have historically been predominantly shallow-decline, long-lived oil fields originally drilled on 80-acre vertical well spacing and waterflooded to varying degrees. Our activity in these fields is focused on horizontal drilling and multi-stage fracturing of the Meramec section of the Mississippian Lime and the Oswego Lime, as well as the definition of similar exploitation opportunities in the Woodford Shale, Hunton Lime, and other formations. We also maintain production in the historically principal field pay zones that had been unitized for water flooding. We continue to develop our waterflood opportunities, including the use of horizontal wells. In 2014, we added production and reserves in the Mississippian Lime formation by drilling new horizontal wells. We have applied the knowledge obtained by this effort to define our approach for 2015 and beyond to target the Mississippian Lime, the Oswego Lime, the Hunton Lime, and other zones with horizontal drilling and multi-stage hydraulic fracturing. As of December 31, 2014, we had a 72% average working interest in 308 gross producing wells, and had identified 93 PUD locations in this area. We produced 1,73 4 MBOE net to us from our properties in Oklahoma in 2014. During 2014 we spent approximately $ 142 million in Sooner Trend for the drilling and completion of wells, as well as other expenditures for facilities. As of December 31, 2014, we had one drilling rig operating in Sooner Trend for horizontal development , which we plan to maintain during 2015 targeting the Mississippian Lime, Hunton Lime, and other zones with horizontal drilling . We will also participate in other horizontal wells as a non-operator, primarily targeting the Oswego Lime, Meramec and Hunton Lime. We have allocated approx imately $84 million of our 2015 capital expenditure budget to our Sooner Trend properties. Weeks Island Complex , South Louisiana The Weeks Island Complex , located in Iberia and St . Mary Parish, Louisiana, contains some of our largest proved developed oil reserves and consists of the Weeks Island and Cote Blanche Island fields. 6 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Weeks Island field , located in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, is a historically-prolific oil field with 55 potential pay zones that are structurally and stratigraphically trapped around a piercement salt dome, which we believe offer significant future opportunities for added production and reserves. The field was discovered in 1945 by Shell and Shell’s interest in the field was purchased in 1998 by The Meridian Resource Corporation, which we acquired in 2010. Since mid-2011 we have continuously employed at least one drilling rig and one completion rig in Weeks Island to exploit its potential for development through new drilling, recompletions, and sidetracking out of existing wells. We expect to continue development activity in this field in 2015. W e increased our ownership in this field in 2013 with an acquisition of approximately 1.8 MMBOE proved reserves from our former working interest partner , Stone Energy Offshore, L.L.C . for cash consideration of approximately $45 million plus related abandonment costs, which was later modified through settlement adjustments to approximately $42 million cash. As of December 31, 2014, we had a 9 7 % average working interest in 46 gross producing wells, and had identified 1 1 PUD locations in this field . The Cote Blanche Island field, located in St. Mary Parish, was acquired by Alta Mesa with an effective date of July 1, 2014. The field is a salt dome structure and production from the Miocene sands was discovered in 1948 by Texaco, three years after the discovery at Weeks Island. The geology is similar to Weeks Island and Alta Mesa plans on utilizing the same geologic interpretation method s and engineering development techniques at Cote Blanche that are used at Weeks Island to increase reserves and p roduction. The evaluation of this field is still in the early stages and we have already identified multiple drilling locations. There are currently 5 producing wells and Alta Mesa owns a 100% working interest with an average revenue interest of 83%. As of December 31, 2014, we had a 96% average working interest in a total of 51 gross producing wells, and had identified 13 PUD locations in the Weeks Island C omplex. We produced 1,837 MBOE net to us from the area in 2014. We have allocated approximately $ 31 million of our 2015 capital expenditure budget to Weeks Island C omplex and plan to utilize at least one workover rig in during 2015, as well as a drilling rig for a portion of the year. South Texas Eagle Ford Shale Our Eagleville field is located primarily in Karnes County, Texas and produces primarily from the Eagle Ford Shale. The Eagle Ford Shale is typically developed with horizontal wells. Since beginning development of the property in 2010, our assets have grown to 173 gross producing wells with an average working interest of 9%, six wells in which we have an overriding royalty interest, and four wells in progress as of December 31, 2014. The wells are primarily operated by Murphy Oil Corporation (“Murphy”), which has a multi-year development program. Production from the Eagleville field in 2014 was 1,010 MBOE net to us. W e sold a significant portion of our Eagleville reserves in March 2014, in cluding a portion of our interest in all wells that were producing as of December 31, 2013. The cash purchase price was initially $ 173 mil lion, and was subsequently adjusted to approximately $171 million for settlement adjustments through December 31, 2014. The sale has an effective date of January 1, 201 4. We retain ed a declining net profits interest in the producing wells based on 50% of our original working interest in 2014, 30% in 2015, 15% in 2016 , and zero in 2017 . Also included in the sale was a 30% undivided interest in all our Eagleville mineral leases and interests, and 30% of our working interest in all our wells in progr ess on December 31, 2013 or dril led after January 1, 2014. As of year-end 2014, we had an estimated 109 PUD drilling locations, of which 16 are in wells in which we will have an overriding royalty interest rather than a working interest. We estimate the proved developed and undeveloped reserves sold were approximately 7.5 MMBOE, and we retained proved reserves of approximately 7. 7 MMBOE, 67 % of which were proved undeveloped as of December 31, 2014 . We have allocated approximately $7 million of our 2015 capital expenditure budget to Eagleville. As of December 31, 2014, Murphy was continuously operating one drilling rig on our acreage. Other Assets We conduct operations in other areas, including Urbana, Cold Springs and Cold Springs West in East Texas, Blackjack Creek oil field in Florida, and other fields in South Texas and South Louisiana. We continually evaluate the operations in these areas to determine future development, expansion, acquisition opportunities, and strategic divestiture plans . Inventories of prospective and partially developed acreage include holdings in South Texas, South Louisiana, West Virginia, and other areas . Total impairment expense from these other areas was $74.9 million and $143.2 million in 2014 and 2013 respectively, with the largest single item in 2014 being $31.7 million for fields in South Louisiana. We have allocated approximately $ 26 million of our 2015 capital expenditure budget to these properties. Our Oil and Natural Gas Reserves The table below summarizes our estimated net proved reserves as of December 31, 2014: 7 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements As of December 31, 2014 Oil and Natural NGL's Gas (MBbls) (MMcf) Proved Reserves (1) Developed 19,210 63,334 Undeveloped 20,522 39,814 Total Proved 39,732 103,148 (1) Our proved reserves as of December 31, 2014 were calculated using oil and natural gas price parameters established by current SEC guidelines and accounting rules based on unweighted arithmetic average prices as of the first day of each of the twelve months ended on such date. These average prices were $94.99 per Bbl for oil and $4.35 per MMBtu for natural gas. Pricing was adjusted for basis differentials by field based on our historical realized prices. See “Note 19 — Supplemental Oil and Natural Gas Disclosures (Unaudited) ” in the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report for information concerning proved reserves. The table above represents estimates only. Reserves estimates are based upon various assumptions, including assumptions required by the SEC relating to oil and natural gas prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. The process of estimating reserves is complex. This process requires significant decisions and assumptions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir. Furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserves and cash flow based on the same available data and these differences may be significant. Therefore, these estimates are not precise. Actual future production, oil and natural gas prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil and natural gas reserves will most likely vary from those estimated. In addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and development, prevailing oil and natural gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Prices for oil or natural gas at their current levels after the significant decline in prices in the second half of 2014 are currently below the average calculated for 2014. Sustained lower prices will cause the unweighted arithmetic average to decrease over time as the lower prices are reflected in the average price, which may result in the estimated quantities and present values of our reserves being reduced and may necessitate future write-downs. Internal Controls Over Reserve Estimates and Qualifications of Technical Persons Our policies and practices regarding internal controls over the recording of reserves is structured to objectively and accurately estimate our oil and gas reserves quantities and present values in compliance with rules, regulations and guidance provided by the SEC, as well as established industry practices used by independent engineering firms and our peers, and in accordance the SPE 2007 Standards promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers. The reserve estimation process begins with our Corporate Planning and Reserves department, which gathers and analyzes much of the data used in estimating reserves. Working and net revenue interests are cross-checked and verified by our land department. Lease operating and capital expenses are provided by our accounting department and reviewed by the Corporate Planning and Reserves department. Our Vice President of Corporate Planning and Reserves is the technical person primarily responsible for overseeing the preparation of our reserve estimates. His qualifications include the following: · Over 30 years of practical experience in petroleum engineering and in the estimation and evaluation of reserves; · Bachelor of Science Degree in Petroleum Engineering from the University of Texas in 1980, Masters of Business Administration from Oklahoma City University in 1988; · Registered Professional Engineer in Oklahoma. Our methodologies include reviews of production trends, material bala nce calculations, analogy to comparable properties, and/or volumetric analysis. Performance methods are preferred. Reserve estimates for developed non-producing properties and for undeveloped properties are based primarily on volumetric analysis or analogy to offset production in the same or similar fields. We maintain internal controls including the following to ensure the reliability of reserves estimations: · no employee’s compensation is tied to the amount of reserves booked; · we follow comprehensive SEC-compliant internal policies to determine and report proved reserves; · reserve estimates are made by experienced reservoir engineers or under their direct supervision; 8 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements · each quarter, our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Executive Officer review all significant reserves changes and all new proved undeveloped reserves additions. In addition, a third-party engineering firm, Ryder Scott Company, L. P. (“Ryder Scott”), audited 85% of our 2014 proved reserves and 91% of our estimated PV-10. A copy of the audit letter issued by Ryder Scott is filed with this report as Exhibit 99.1. The qualifications of the technical person at Ryder Scott primarily responsible for overseeing the audit of our reserve estimates are set forth below. Kevin Gangluff earned a B.S. in Chemical Engineering at the University of Notre Dame and a Masters of Business Administration at the University of Texas at Austin. Mr. Gangluff is a licensed Professional Engineer in the State of Texas. Based on his educational background, professional training and more than thirty years of practical experience in the estimation and evaluation of petroleum reserves and resources, Mr. Gangluff has attained the professional qualifications as a Reserves Estimator and Reserves Auditor set forth in Article III of the “Standards Pertaining to the Estimating and Auditing of Oil and Gas Reserves Information” promulgated by the Society of Petroleum Engineers as of February 19, 2007. The audit by Ryder Scott conformed to the meaning of “reserves audit” as presented in the SEC’s Regulation S-K, Item 1202. A reserves audit and a financial audit are separate activities with unique and different processes and results. These two activities should not be confused. As currently defined by the SEC within Regulation S-K, Item 1202, a reserves audit is the process of reviewing certain of the pertinent facts interpreted and assumptions underlying a reserves estimate prepared by another party and the rendering of an opinion about the appropriateness of the methodologies employed, the adequacy and quality of the data relied upon, the depth and thoroughness of the reserves estimation process, the classification of reserves appropriate to the relevant definitions used, and the reasonableness of the estimated reserves quantities. A financial audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. A financial audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Proved Undeveloped Reserves At December 31, 2014, we had proved undeveloped reserves (“PUDs”) of 27.2 MMBOE, or approximately 48% of total proved reserves. The PUDs are primarily in our Eagleville field in the Eagle Ford play in South Texas, in Weeks Island Complex , and in Sooner Trend. Total PUDs at December 31, 2013 were 25.4 MMBOE, or 42% of our total proved reserves. The following table reflects the changes in PUDs during 2014: MBOE Proved undeveloped reserves, December 31, 2013 25,383 Converted to proved developed (6,672) Proved undeveloped reserve extensions and discoveries 14,410 Proved undeveloped reserves acquired 522 Proved undeveloped reserves sold (3,362) Proved undeveloped reserve revisions (3,123) Proved undeveloped reserves, December 31, 2014 27,158 PUDs converted to proved developed reserves were primarily in the Eagleville Field. Total expenditures for the PUDs converted to proved developed reserves were approximately $ 90.7 million . Extensions and discoveries were primarily in our Sooner Trend, Eagleville, and Weeks Island Complex fields . PUD acquisitions include interests in Weeks Island Complex fields and PUD reserves sold were from dispositions in Eagleville, Anne Parsons and Hilltop f ields. Negative revisions were primarily associated with our non-core properties in the Blackjack Creek field in Florida. These reserves were moved out of the PUD reserve category in compliance with the SEC five year rule. Estimated future development costs , including plugged and abandonment cost ( “P&A”) , for PUDs remaining are approximately $349 million at December 31, 2014 . Under current SEC requirements, PUD reserves may only be booked if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years of the original date of booking unless specific circumstances justify a longer time. We will be required to remove our PUDs if we do not drill those reserves within the required five year time frame, unless specific circumstances justify a longer time. All of our PUDs at December 31, 2014 are scheduled to be drilled within five years of the date they were initially recorded except for one sidetrack development in a producing well which will be drilled after the current zones are depleted. Lower prices for oil and natural gas as seen in the recent decline may cause us in the future to forecast less capital to be available for development of our PUDs, which may cause us to decrease the amount of our PUDs we expect to develop within the five year time frame. In addition, lower oil and 9 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements natural gas prices may cause our PUDs to become uneconomic to develop, which would cause us to remove them from the proved undeveloped category. Production, Price s and Production Cost History The following table sets forth certain information regarding the production volumes, average prices received and average production costs associated with our sale of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids for the periods indicated below. The data below include the effects of the amounts we reclassified from natural gas volumes and revenues to natural gas liquids volumes and revenues for the years 2013 and 2012. See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Results of Operations: Year Ended Decem ber 31, 2013 v. Year Ended December 31, 2012 , Natural gas liquids revenues for more detailed information. Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Net production: Oil (MBbls) 3,770 2,897 2,138 Natural gas (MMcf) 14,449 16,664 21,372 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 537 398 365 Total (MBOE) 6,715 6,072 6,065 Total (MMcfe) 40,290 36,434 36,392 Average sales price per unit before hedging effects: Oil (per Bbl) $ 92.27 $ 102.81 $ 103.72 Natural gas (per Mcf) 4.50 3.68 2.69 Natural gas liquids (per Bbl) 34.04 38.37 42.75 Combined (per BOE) 64.20 61.67 48.63 Average sales price per unit after hedging effects: Oil (per Bbl) $ 93.38 $ 100.67 $ 103.18 Natural gas (per Mcf) 4.87 5.14 4.49 Natural gas liquids (per Bbl) 34.04 38.37 42.75 Combined (per BOE) 65.62 64.66 54.76 Average costs per BOE: Lease and plant operating expense $ 10.99 $ 11.60 $ 11.38 Production and ad valorem taxes 4.20 4.34 3.87 Workover expense 1.33 2.25 2.10 Average costs per Mcfe: Lease and plant operating expense $ 1.83 $ 1.93 $ 1.90 Production and ad valorem taxes 0.70 0.72 0.65 Workover expense 0.22 0.38 0.35 10 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The following table provides a summary of our production, average sales prices and average production costs for the Sooner Trend area, which contributes approximately 50% of our total proved reserves as of December 31, 2014. The largest field in Sooner Trend contributes 15% or more of our total proved reserves as of December 31, 2014. Year Ended December 31, Sooner Trend 2014 2013 2012 Net production: Oil (MBbls) 1,072 306 186 Natural gas (MMcf) 2,083 859 641 Natural gas liquids (MBbls) 316 124 92 Total (MBOE) 1,734 573 385 Total (MMcfe) 10,411 3,439 2,309 Average sales price per unit before hedging effects: Oil (per Bbl) $ 89.34 $ 94.90 $ 92.41 Natural gas (per Mcf) 4.34 3.71 3.38 Natural gas liquids (per Bbl) 34.09 38.20 36.01 Average production costs per BOE: Lease and plant operating expense $ 8.22 $ 14.27 $ 12.38 Production and ad valorem taxes 1.45 3.62 4.24 Workover expense 1.49 3.62 2.30 Average production costs per Mcfe: Lease and plant operating expense $ 1.37 $ 2.39 $ 2.06 Production and ad valorem taxes 0.24 0.60 0.71 Workover expense 0.25 0.60 0.38 Future prices received for production and costs may vary, perhaps significantly, from the prices and costs assumed for purposes of these estimates. Prices for oil or natural gas at their current levels after the severe decline in 2014 are currently below the average calculated for 2014, and sustained lower prices will cause the twelve month weighted average price to decrease over time as the lower prices are reflected in the average price. Delivery Commitments As of December 31, 2014, we had no commitments to provide a fixed quantity of oil or natural gas. Drilling Activity The following table sets forth, for each of the three years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the number of net productive and dry exploratory and developmental wells completed, regardless of when drilling was initiated. The information should not be considered indicative of future performance, nor should it be assumed that there is necessarily any correlation between the number of productive wells drilled, quantities of reserves found or economic value. December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Development wells (net): Productive 46.6 37.4 29.9 Dry 0.1 3.5 — Total development wells 46.7 40.9 29.9 Exploratory wells (net): Productive 1.0 2.7 4.8 Dry 5.6 3.0 2.3 Total exploratory wells 6.6 5.7 7.1 As of December 31, 2014, we were drilling 39 gross (21.7 net) wells. 11 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Productive Wells The following table sets forth information with respect to our ownership interest in productive wells as of December 31, 2014: December 31, 2014 Gross Net Oil wells: Sooner Trend 303 222.6 Weeks Island Complex 47 45.6 Eagle Ford 173 14.8 Other 88 40.7 All properties 611 323.7 Natural gas wells Sooner Trend 5 0.4 Weeks Island Complex 4 3.8 Eagle Ford — — Other 127 75.5 All properties 136 79.7 Of the total well count for 2014, 7 gross wells (6.99 net) are multiple completions. Productive wells are producing wells, shut-in wells we deem capable of production, wells that are waiting for completion, plus wells that are drilled/cased and completed, but waiting for pipeline hook-up. A gross well is a well in which a working interest is owned. The number of net wells represents the sum of fractional working interests the company owns in gross wells. Developed and Undeveloped Acreage Position The following table sets forth information with respect to our gross and net developed and undeveloped oil and natural gas acreage under lease as of December 31, 2014, all of which is located in the United States: Developed Acres Undeveloped Acres Total Acres Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Property: Sooner Trend 61,992 40,617 3,890 3,890 65,882 44,507 Weeks Island Complex 10,721 10,721 3,198 3,198 13,919 13,919 Eagle Ford 13,027 1,756 60 9 13,087 1,765 Other 101,561 48,704 284,729 187,549 386,290 236,253 All properties 187,301 101,798 291,877 194,646 479,178 296,444 As is customary in the oil and natural gas industry, we can generally retain an interest in undeveloped acreage through drilling activity that establishes commercial production sufficient to maintain the leases or by paying delay rentals during the remaining primary term of leases. The oil and natural gas leases in which we have an interest are for varying primary terms and, if production under a lease continues from developed lease acreage beyond the primary term, we are entitled to hold the lease for as long as oil or natural gas is produced. The oil and natural gas properties consist primarily of oil and natural gas wells and interests in leasehold acreage, both developed and undeveloped. 12 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Undeveloped Acreage Expirations The following table sets forth information with respect to our gross and net undeveloped oil and natural gas acreage under lease as of December 31, 2014, all of which is located in the United States, that will expire over the following three years by core area unless production is established within the spacing units covering the acreage prior to the expiration dates: 2015 2016 2017 Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Property: Sooner Trend 1,232 1,232 842 842 1,323 1,323 Weeks Island Complex 1,555 1,555 — — 1,643 1,643 Eagle Ford 60 9 — — — — Other 34,025 20,103 81,751 55,367 61,340 37,671 All properties 36,872 22,899 82,593 56,209 64,306 40,637 Marketing and Customers The market for our oil and natural gas production depends on factors beyond our control, including the extent of domestic production and imports of oil and natural gas, the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities, the demand for oil and natural gas, the marketing of competitive fuels and the effect of state and federal regulation. The oil and natural gas industry also competes with other industries in supplying the energy and fuel requirements of industrial, commercial and individual consumers. We sell the oil and natural gas from several properties we operate primarily under a contract with ARM Energy Management, LLC (“AEM”). We are part owner of AEM at less than 10%. AEM purchases our oil and natural gas and sells it under short-term contracts generally with month-to-month pricing based on published regional indices, with differentials for transportation , location, and quality taken into account. AEM remits monthly proceeds of its sales to us, and receives a 1% marketing fee. Sales to AEM commenced in June 2013. The agreement will terminate in 2018, with additional provisions for extensions beyond five years, and for early termination beginning in January 2015. During the second half of 2013, we sold the majority of our production from operated fields to AEM. Production from non-operated fields, the most significant of which were our Eagleville field in South Texas and our Hilltop field in East Texas, was marketed on our behalf by the operators of those properties. Production from Eagleville is sold by the operator, Murphy. Production from Hilltop sold was primarily by the operator of the majority of our wells in the field, EnCana. Natural gas liquids are sold under various contracts with processors typically in the vicinity of the production at spot market rates, after processing costs. For the year ended December 31, 2014, revenues from AEM were $ 220.9 million, or 51. 1 % of total revenue excluding hedging activities. Based on revenues excluding hedging activities, one other major customer, Murphy accounted for 10% or more of our revenues, with revenues excluding hedging activities of $61.2 million . We believe that the loss of any of our significant direct or indirect customers, or of AEM, would not have a material adverse effect on us because alternative purchasers are readily available. Trade accounts receivable are not collateralized or otherwise secured. Competition We encounter intense competition from other oil and natural gas companies in all areas of our operations, including the acquisition of producing properties and undeveloped acreage. Our competitors include major integrated oil and natural gas companies, numerous independent oil and natural gas companies and individuals. Many of our competitors are large, well-established companies with substantially larger operating staffs and greater capital resources and have been engaged in the oil and natural gas business for a much longer time than us. These companies may be able to pay more for productive oil and natural gas properties, exploratory prospects, and mineral leases and to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources permit. Larger competitors may be able to absorb the decline in prices for oil and natural gas and the burden of any changes in federal, state and local laws and regulations more easily than we can, which could adversely affect our competitive position. Our ability to acquire additional properties and to discover reserves in the future will be dependent upon our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate transactions in this highly competitive environment. We are also affected by competition for drilling rigs and the availability of related equipment. In the past, the oil and natural gas industry has experienced shortages of drilling rigs, equipment, pipe and personnel, which have delayed development, exploitation and 13 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements exploration activities. We are unable to predict when, or if, such shortages may occur or how they would affect our exploitation and development program. We compete for capital in the domestic financial marketplace to fund our exploration and development activities to the extent our operations cannot support them at any given time. See Item 1A, Risk Factors, “ Our exploration, exploitation, development and acquisition operations will require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our production and reserves. ” Title to Properties As is customary in our industry, a preliminary review of title records, which may include opinions or reports of appropriate professionals or counsel, is made at the time we acquire properties. We believe that our title to all of the various interests set forth above is satisfactory and consistent with the standards generally accepted in the oil and gas industry, subject only to immaterial exceptions that do not detract substantially from the value of the interests or materially interfere with their use in our operations. The interests owned by us may be subject to one or more royalty, overriding royalty, or other outstanding interests (including disputes related to such interests) customary in the industry. The interests may additionally be subject to obligations or duties under applicable laws, ordinances, rules, regulations, and orders of arbitral or governmental authorities. In addition, the interests may be subject to burdens such as net profits interests, liens incident to operating agreements and current taxes, development obligations under oil and gas leases, and other encumbrances, easements, and restrictions, none of which detract substantially from the value of the interests or materially interfere with their use in our operations. Employees As of December 31, 2014, we had 225 full-time employees. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements and have not experienced any strikes or work stoppages. We believe our relationships with our employees are good. From time to time, we utilize the services of independent contractors to perform various field and other services. See “Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence.” Insurance In accordance with industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the operating risks to which our business is exposed. We currently have insurance policies that include coverage for general liability (includes sudden and accidental pollution), physical damage to our oil and gas properties, control of well, auto liability, marine liability, worker’s compensation and employer’s liability, among other things. Currently, we have general liability insurance coverage up to $1 million per occurrence, which includes sudden and accidental environmental liability coverage for the effects of pollution on third parties arising from our operations. Our insurance policies contain maximum policy limits and in most cases, deductibles (generally ranging from $25,000 to $1.8 million) that must be met prior to recovery. These insurance policies are subject to certain customary exclusions and limitations. In addition, we maintain excess liability coverage, which is in addition to and triggered if the general liability per occurrence limit is reached. Our offshore activities are limited to non-operator positions in five older fields acquired in 2010. Our offshore reserves are not a significant portion of our total reserves; the fields are in declining production with no drilling activity. Our consolidated balance sheets include asset retirement liabilities which we believe are sufficient to cover the eventual costs of dismantlement and abandonment. We believe that due to the nature of the operations in these fields, and the limited activity, the risk of environmental damage is not as high as it would be in an actively drilling offshore field. Our insurance program includes property damage, pollution liability, and control of well. The property damage coverage extends to total loss of the equipment (not the reserves) with replacement cost coverage retained on one of the five fields. The pollution coverage, which is applicable to both offshore and onshore events, is $10 million per incident with a $100,000 deductible. We require all of our third-party contractors, including those that perform hydraulic fracturing operations, to sign master service agreements in which they agree to indemnify us for injuries and deaths of the service provider’s employees as well as contractors and subcontractors hired by the service provider. Similarly, we generally agree to indemnify each third-party contractor against claims made by our employees and other contractors. Additionally, each party generally is responsible for damage to its own property. We do not currently have any insurance policies in effect that are intended to provide coverage for losses solely related to hydraulic fracturing operations. We re-evaluate the purchase of insurance, coverage limits and deductibles annually. Future insurance coverage for the oil and gas industry could increase in cost and may include higher deductibles or retentions. In addition, some forms of insurance may become unavailable in the future or unavailable on terms that are economically acceptable. No assurance can be given that we will be 14 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements able to maintain insurance in the future at rates that we consider reasonable and we may elect to self-insure or maintain only catastrophic coverage for certain risks in the future. Environmental Matters and Regulation Our operations are subject to stringent and complex federal, state and local laws, rules, and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, as well as the discharge of materials into the environment. These laws, rules, and regulations may, among other things: · require the acquisition of various permits before drilling commences; · require the installation of pollution control equipment in connection with operations; · place restrictions or regulations upon the use of the material based on our operations and upon the disposal of waste from our operations; · restrict the types, quantities and concentrations of various substances that can be released into the environment or used in connection with drilling, production and transportation activities; · limit or prohibit drilling activities on lands lying within wilderness, wetlands and other protected areas; · require remedial measures to mitigate pollution from former and ongoing operations, such as site restoration, pit closure and plugging of abandoned wells; and · require the expenditure of significant amounts in connection with worker health and safety. These laws, rules, and regulations may also restrict the rate of oil and natural gas production below the rate that would otherwise be possible. The regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases the cost of doing business in the industry and consequently affects profitability. Additionally, Congress and federal, state and local agencies frequently revise environmental laws and regulations, and such changes could result in increased costs for environmental compliance, such as waste handling, permitting, or cleanup for the oil and natural gas industry and could have a significant impact on our operating costs. In general, the oil and natural gas industry recently has been the subject of increased legislative and regulatory attention with respect to e nvironmental matters. For example, the EPA has identified environmental compliance by the energy extraction sector as one of its enforcement initiatives for 2014-2016. The following is a summary of some of the existing laws, rules, and regulations to which our business operations are subject. Solid and Hazardous Waste Handling The federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and comparable state statutes regulate the generation, transportation, treatment, storage, disposal and cleanup of hazardous solid waste. Although oil and natural gas waste generally is exempt from regulations as hazardous waste under RCRA, we generate waste as a routine part of our operations that may be subject to RCRA and not all states similarly exempt oil and gas waste from hazardous waste regulation. Although a substantial amount of the waste generated in our operations is regulated as non-hazardous solid waste rather than hazardous waste, there is no guarantee that the EPA or individual states will not adopt more stringent requirements for the handling of non-hazardous waste or categorize some of our waste as hazardous in the future. Any such change could result in an increase in our costs to manage and dispose of waste, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act CERCLA imposes joint and several liability for costs of investigation and remediation and for natural resource damages without regard to fault or legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons with respect to the release into the environment of substances designated under CERCLA as hazardous substances (“Hazardous Substances”). These classes of persons, or so-called potentially responsible parties (“PRPs”) include the current and past owners or operators of a site where the release occurred and anyone who disposed or arranged for the disposal of a hazardous substance found at a site where a release has occurred. CERCLA also authorizes the EPA and, in some instances, third parties to take actions in response to threats to public health or the environment and to seek to recover from the PRPs the costs of such action. Many states have adopted comparable or more stringent state statutes. Although CERCLA generally exempts “petroleum” from the definition of Hazardous Substance, in the course of our operations, we have generated and will generate wastes that may fall within CERCLA’s definition of Hazardous Substances and may have disposed of these wastes at disposal sites owned and operated by others. Comparable state statutes may not provide a comparable 15 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements exemption for petroleum. We may also be the owner or operator of sites on which Hazardous Substances have been released. To our knowledge, neither we nor our predecessors have been designated as a PRP by the EPA under CERCLA; we also do not know of any prior owners or operators of our properties that are named as PRPs related to their ownership or operation of such properties. In the event contamination is discovered at a site on which we are or have been an owner or operator or to which we sent Hazardous Substances, we could be liable for the costs of investigation and remediation and natural resources damages. We currently own, lease, or operate numerous properties that have been used for oil and natural gas exploration and production for many years. Although we believe we have utilized operating and waste disposal practices that were standard in the industry at the time, Hazardous Substances, wastes or hydrocarbons may have been released on or under the properties owned or leased by us, or on or under other locations, including offsite locations, where such materials have been taken for disposal. In addition, some of these properties have been operated by third parties or by previous owners or operators whose treatment and disposal of Hazardous Substances, wastes, or hydrocarbons were not under our control. These properties and the materials disposed or released on them may be subject to CERCLA or RCRA and analogous state laws. In the future, we could be required to remediate property, including groundwater, containing or impacted by previously disposed materials (including wastes disposed or released by prior owners or operators, or property contamination, including groundwater contamination by prior owners or operators) or to perform remedial plugging operations to prevent future or mitigate existing contamination. Clean Water Act The Federal Water Pollution Control Act (the “Clean Water Act”) and analogous state laws impose restrictions and strict controls with respect to the discharge of pollutants, including discharges, spills and leaks of produced water and other oil and natural gas wastes, into waters of the United States, a term broadly defined. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of a permit issued by the EPA or an analogous state agency. The Clean Water Act also prohibits the discharge of dredge and fill material in regulated waters, including wetlands, unless authorized by a permit issued by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties, as well as require remedial or mitigation measures, for non-compliance with discharge permits or other requirements of the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws and regulations. In the event of an unauthorized discharge of wastes, we may be liable for penalties and cleanup and response costs. Oil Pollution Act The primary federal law related to oil spill liability is the Oil Pollution Act which amends and augments oil spill provisions of the Clean Water Act and imposes certain duties and liabilities on certain “responsible parties” related to the prevention of oil spills and damages resulting from such spills in or threatening United States waters or adjoining shorelines. A liable “responsible party” includes the owner or operator of a facility, vessel or pipeline that is a source of an oil discharge or that poses the substantial threat of discharge, or in the case of offshore facilities, the lessee or permittee of the area in which a discharging facility is located. OPA assigns joint and several liability, without regard to fault, to each liable party for oil removal costs and a variety of public and private damages. Although defenses exist to the liability imposed by OPA, they are limited. In the event of an oil discharge or substantial threat of discharge, we may be liable for costs and damages. Safe Drinking Water Act and Hydraulic Fracturing Many of our development projects require hydraulic fracturing procedures to economically develop the formations. Generally, we perform two types of hydraulic fracturing. In our Sooner Trend, and Eagle Ford Shale (Eagleville Field, South Texas) plays, we perform hydraulic fracturing in horizontally drilled wells. These procedures are more extensive, time-consuming and expensive than hydraulic fracturing of vertical wells. We also perform hydraulic fracturing in vertical wells in our East Texas and South Texas fields, including primarily Urbana and Cold Springs (both in East Texas); among the target zones are the Wilcox and Frio formations. Currently, most hydraulic fracturing activities are regulated at the state level, as the Safe Drinking Water Act exempts most hydraulic fracturing (except for hydraulic fracturing activities involving the use of diesel) from the definition of underground injection. The EPA had released guidance on permitting of hydraulic fracturing activities using diesel. Congress has periodically considered legislation to amend the federal SDWA to remove the exemption from permitting and regulation provided to injection for hydraulic fracturing and to require the disclosure and reporting of the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing. This type of legislation if adopted could lead to additional regulation and permitting requirements that could result in operational delays or increased operating costs, making it more difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing and increasing our costs of compliance and operation. The EPA has commenced a wide-ranging study on the effects of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources. A first progress report of the study was issued in December 2012, with a final draft expected in 2015. 16 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements As noted above, the EPA has announced that one of its enforcement initiatives for 2014 to 2016 would be to focus on environmental compliance by the energy extraction sector. This study and enforcement initiative could result in additional regulatory scrutiny that could make it difficult to perform hydraulic fracturing and increase our costs of compliance and doing business. Consequently, these studies and initiatives could spur further legislative or regulatory action regarding hydraulic fracturing or similar production operations. Many states and other regional and local regulatory authorities have enacted or are considering regulations on hydraulic fracturing, including disclosure requirements and regulations that could restrict or prohibit drilling in general or hydraulic fracturing in particular, in certain circumstances. Some states have also considered or adopted other restrictions or regulations on drilling and completion operations, including requirements regarding casing and cementing of wells; testing of nearby water wells; restrictions on access to, and usage of, water; and restrictions on the type of chemical additives that may be used in hydraulic fracturing operations. In compliance with the law enacted in Texas, we have disclosed and will continue to disclose hydraulic fracturing data. Further, the Bureau of Land Management has adopted final rules regulating hydraulic fracturing on public lands. These rules include requirements on drillers to disclose the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing operations and new requirements for well casing, groundwater protections, and wastewater storage. We are currently evaluating the impact of these rules on our operations. The EPA has also announced an initiative under the Toxic Substance Control Act to develop regulations governing the disclosure and evaluation of hydraulic fracturing chemicals and has announced that it is working on regulations for wastewater generated by hydraulic fracturing. We diligently review best practices and industry standards, and comply with all regulatory requirements in the protection of potable water sources. Protective practices include, but are not limited to, setting multiple strings of protection pipe across the potable water sources and cementing these pipes from setting depth to surface, continuously monitoring the hydraulic fracturing process in real time, and disposing of all non-commercially produced fluids in certified disposal wells at depths below the potable water sources. There have not been any incidents, citations or suits related to our hydraulic fracturing activities involving environmental concerns. If new legislation is enacted or other new requirements or restrictions regarding hydraulic fracturing are adopted, we could incur substantial compliance costs and the requirements could negatively impact our ability to conduct fracturing activities on our assets. National Environmental Policy Act Oil and natural gas exploration and production activities on federal lands (including offshore leasing) may be subject to the National Environmental Policy Act (the “NEPA”), which requires federal agencies, including the Department of Interior, to evaluate major agency actions having the potential to significantly impact the environment. In the course of such evaluations, an agency will prepare an Environmental Assessment that assesses the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of a proposed project and, if necessary, will prepare a more detailed Environmental Impact Statement that may be made available for public review and comment. All of our current exploration and production activities, as well as proposed exploration and development plans, on federal lands require governmental permits that are subject to the requirements of NEPA. As a result of the events in the Gulf of Mexico, the NEPA process is being reviewed and may become more stringent. This process has the potential to delay or impose additional conditions and costs upon the development of oil and natural gas projects. Air Emissions Our operations are subject to local, state and federal regulations for the control of emissions from sources of air pollution. Federal and state laws require new and modified sources of air pollutants to obtain permits prior to commencing construction. Major sources of air pollutants are subject to more stringent, federally imposed requirements including additional permits. Federal and state laws designed to control hazardous air pollutants might require installation of additional controls. Administrative enforcement actions for failure to comply strictly with air pollution regulations or permits are generally resolved by payment of monetary fines and correction of any identified deficiencies. Alternatively, regulatory agencies could bring lawsuits for civil penalties or require us to forego construction, modification or operation of certain air emission sources. On April 17, 2012, the EPA issued final rules that subject oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, and storage operations to regulation under the NSPS and NESHAP programs. The EPA rules include NSPS standards for completions of hydraulically fractured natural gas wells. Before January 1, 2015, these standards require owners/operators to reduce VOC emissions from natural gas not sent to the gathering line during well completion either by flaring using a completion combustion device or by capturing the natural gas using green completions. Beginning January 1, 2015, operators must capture the natural gas and make it available for use or sale. The standards are applicable to newly fractured wells and also existing wells that are refractured. Further, the finalized regulations also establish specific new requirements for emission from compressors, controllers, dehydrators, storage tanks, natural gas processing plants and other equipment. These rules may require changes to our operations, including the installation of 17 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements new equipment to control emissions. We have evaluated the effect these rules will have on our business and are taking steps to ensure compliance. Climate Change Regulation and Legislation More stringent laws and regulations relating to climate change and greenhouse gases (“GHGs”) may be adopted in the future and could cause us to incur material expenses in complying with them. Both houses of Congress have actively considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, but no legislation has yet passed. In the absence of comprehensive federal legislation on GHG emission control, the EPA attempted to require the permitting of GHG emissions; although the Supreme Court struck down the permitting requirements, it upheld the EPA’s authority to control GHG emissions when a permit is required due to emissions of other pollutants. The EPA recently announced its intention to take measures to require or encourage reductions in methane emissions, including from oil and natural gas operations. Those measures include the development of NSPS regulations in 2016 for reducing methane from new and modified oil and gas production sources and natural gas processing and transmission sources. In addition, the EPA has adopted a mandatory GHG emissions reporting program that imposes reporting and monitoring requirements on various types of facilities and industries. In November 2010, the EPA expanded its GHG reporting rule to include onshore and offshore oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, storage, and distribution facilities, requiring reporting of GHG emissions from such facilities on an annual basis, with reporting beginning in 2012 for emissions occurring in 2011. Our operations are subject to GHG reporting requirements, and we have complied with respect to the initial reporting year 2011 and continue to comply. Because of the lack of any comprehensive legislative program addressing GHGs, there is a great deal of uncertainty as to how and when federal regulation of GHGs might take place. Some members of Congress have expressed the intention to promote legislation to curb the EPA’s authority to regulate GHGs. In addition to possible federal regulation, a number of states, individually and regionally, also are considering or have implemented GHG regulatory programs. These potential regional and state initiatives may result in so-called cap and trade programs, under which overall GHG emissions are limited and GHG emissions are then allocated and sold, and possibly other regulatory requirements, that could result in our incurring material expenses to comply, e.g., by being required to purchase or to surrender allowances for GHGs resulting from our operations. The federal, regional and local regulatory initiatives also could adversely affect the marketability of the oil and natural gas we produce. The impact of such future programs cannot be predicted, but we do not expect our operations to be affected any differently than other similarly situated domestic competitors. Other Laws and Regulations Our operations are also subject to regulations governing the handling, transportation, storage and disposal of naturally occurring radioactive materials. Furthermore, owners, lessees and operators of natural gas and oil properties are also subject to increasing civil liability brought by surface owners and adjoining property owners. Such claims are predicated on the damage to or contamination of land resources occasioned by drilling and production operations and the products derived therefrom, and are often based on negligence, trespass, nuisance, strict liability or fraud. The Endangered Species Act was established to protect endangered and threatened species. Pursuant to that act, if a species is listed as threatened or endangered, restrictions may be imposed on activities that would harm the species or that would adversely affect that species’ habitat. Similar protections are offered to migratory birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service designates the species’ protected habitat as part of the effort to protect the species. A protected habitat designation or the mere presence of threatened or endangered species could result in material restrictions to our use of the land and may materially delay or prohibit land access for our development. We cannot guarantee that the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service will not list additional species or additional habitat, which could adversely affect our ability to develop in impacted areas. OSHA and Other Laws and Regulation To the extent not preempted by other applicable laws, we are subject to the requirements of the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act (“OSHA”) and comparable state statutes, where applicable. These laws and the implementing regulations strictly govern the protection of the health and safety of employees. The OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community right-to-know regulations under Title III of CERCLA and similar state statutes require that we organize and/or disclose information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with these applicable requirements. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with all existing environmental laws and regulations applicable to our current operations and that our continued compliance with existing requirements will not have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We did not incur any material capital expenditures for remediation or pollution control activities 18 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. Additionally, we are not aware of any environmental issues or claims that will require material capital expenditures during 2014 or that will otherwise have a material impact on our financial position or results of operations in the future. However, we cannot provide assurance that the passage of more stringent laws and regulations in the future will not have a negative impact our business activities, financial condition or results of operations. Other Regulation of the Oil and Natural Gas Industry The oil and natural gas industry is extensively regulated by numerous federal, state and local authorities. Legislation affecting the oil and natural gas industry is under constant review for amendment or expansion, frequently increasing the regulatory burden. Also, numerous departments and agencies, both federal and state, are authorized by statute to issue rules and regulations binding on the oil and natural gas industry and its individual members, some of which carry substantial penalties for failure to comply. Although the regulatory burden on the oil and natural gas industry increases our cost of doing business and, consequently, affects our profitability, these burdens generally do not affect us any differently or to any greater or lesser extent than they affect other companies in the industry with similar types, quantities and locations of production. Legislation continues to be introduced in Congress and development of regulations continues in the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies concerning the security of industrial facilities, including oil and natural gas facilities. Our operations may be subject to such laws and regulations. Presently, it is not possible to accurately estimate the costs we could incur to comply with any such facility security laws or regulations, but such expenditures could be substantial. Drilling and Production Our operations are subject to various types of regulation at the federal, state and local levels. These types of regulation include requiring permits for the drilling of wells, drilling bonds and reports concerning operations. Most states and some counties and municipalities in which we operate also regulate one or more of the following: · the location of wells; · the method of drilling, casing, and completing wells; · the surface use and restoration of properties upon which wells are drilled; and · the plugging and abandoning of wells. State laws regulate the size and shape of drilling and spacing units or proration units and govern the pooling of oil and natural gas properties. Some states allow forced pooling or integration of tracts to facilitate exploitation while other states rely on voluntary pooling of lands and leases. In some instances, forced pooling or unitization may be implemented by third parties and may reduce our interest in the unitized properties. In addition, state conservation laws establish maximum rates of production from oil and natural gas wells, generally limit the venting or flaring of natural gas and impose requirements regarding the ratability of production. These laws and regulations may limit the amount of oil and natural gas we can produce from our wells or limit the number of wells or the locations at which we can drill. Moreover, each state generally imposes a production or severance tax with respect to the production and sale of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids within its jurisdiction and an ad valorem tax with respect to the assessed value of the oil and natural gas mineral property. In addition, eleven states have enacted surface damage statutes (“SDAs”). These laws are designed to compensate the surface owners/users for damage caused by mineral development. Most SDAs contain entry notification and negotiation requirements to facilitate contact between operators and surface owners/users. Most also contain bonding requirements and specific expenses for exploration and producing activities. Costs and delays associated with SDAs could impair operational effectiveness and increase development costs. We do not control the availability of transportation and processing facilities used in the marketing of our production. For example, we may have to shut-in a productive natural gas well because of a lack of available natural gas gathering or transportation facilities. If we conduct operations on federal, state or Indian oil and natural gas leases, these operations must comply with numerous regulatory restrictions, including various nondiscrimination statutes, royalty and related valuation requirements, and certain of these operations must be conducted pursuant to certain on-site security regulations and other appropriate permits issued by the Bureau of Land Management, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management or other appropriate federal or state agencies. 19 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Federal Regulation of Natural Gas, Oil and Natural Gas Regulation The availability, terms and cost of transportation significantly affect sales of natural gas. The interstate transportation and sale for resale of natural gas are subject to federal regulation, including regulation of the terms, conditions and rates for interstate transportation, storage and various other matters, primarily by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (“FERC”). Federal and state regulations govern the price and terms for access to natural gas pipeline transportation. FERC’s regulations for interstate natural gas transmission in some circumstances may also affect the intrastate transportation of natural gas. FERC regulates the rates, terms and conditions applicable to the interstate transportation of natural gas by pipelines under the Natural Gas Act as well as under Section 311 of the Natural Gas Policy Act. Since 1985, FERC has implemented regulations intended to increase competition within the natural gas industry by making natural gas transportation more accessible to natural gas buyers and sellers on an open-access, nondiscriminatory basis. The Company’s sales of oil and natural gas liquids are also affected by the availability, terms and costs of transportation. The rates, terms, and conditions applicable to the interstate transportation of oil and natural gas liquids by pipelines are regulated by the FERC under the Interstate Commerce Act. The FERC has implemented a simplified and generally applicable ratemaking methodology for interstate oil and natural gas liquids pipelines to fulfill the requirements of Title XVIII of the Energy Policy Act of 1992 comprised of an indexing system to establish ceilings on interstate oil and natural gas liquids pipeline rates. The pipelines used to gather and transport natural gas being produced by the Company are also subject to regulation by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) under the Natural Gas Pipeline Safety Act of 1968, as amended (“NGPSA”), the Pipeline Safety Act of 1992, as reauthorized and amended (“Pipeline Safety Act”), and the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011. The DOT Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (“PHMSA”) has established a risk-based approach to determine which gathering pipelines are subject to regulation and what safety standards regulated gathering pipelines must meet. In August 2011, the PHMSA issued an Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking regarding pipeline safety, including questions regarding the modification of regulations applicable to gathering lines in rural areas. As an alternative to pipeline transportation, any transportation of the Company’s crude oil, natural gas liquids and purity components (ethane, propane, butane, iso-butane, and natural gasoline) by rail will also be subject to regulation by the DOT’s PHMSA and the DOT’s Federal Railroad Administration (“FRA”) under the Hazardous Materials Regulations at 49 CFR Parts 171-180 (“HMR”), including Emergency Orders by the FRA and new regulations being proposed by the PHMSA, arising due to the consequences of train accidents and the increase in the rail transportation of flammable liquids. Although natural gas prices are currently unregulated, Congress historically has been active in the area of natural gas regulation. We cannot predict whether new legislation to regulate natural gas might be proposed, what proposals, if any, might actually be enacted by Congress or the various state legislatures, and what effect, if any, the proposals might have on the operations of the underlying properties. Sales of oil, condensate, and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at market prices. State Natural Gas Regulation Various states regulate the drilling for, and the production, gathering, intrastate transportation and sale of, natural gas, including imposing severance taxes and requirements for obtaining drilling permits. States also regulate the method of developing new fields, the spacing and operation of wells and the prevention of waste of natural gas resources. States may regulate rates of production and may establish maximum daily production allowables from natural gas wells based on market demand or resource conservation, or both. States do not regulate wellhead prices or engage in other similar direct economic regulation, but there can be no assurance that they will not do so in the future. The effect of these regulations may be to limit the amounts of natural gas that may be produced from our wells and to limit the number of wells or locations we can drill. Other Regulation In addition to the regulation of oil and natural gas pipeline transportation rates, the oil and natural gas industry generally is subject to compliance with various other federal, state and local regulations and laws. Some of those laws relate to occupational safety, resource conservation and equal employment opportunity. General Corporate Information Alta Mesa Holdings, LP is a Texas limited partnership founded in 1987 with principal offices at 15021 Katy Freeway, Suite 400, Houston, Texas 77094. We can be reached at (281) 530-0991 and our website address is www.altamesa.net. Information on the website is not part of this report. 20 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Item 1A. Risk Factors Each of the following risk factors could adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. It is not possible to foresee or identify all such factors. Investors should not consider this list an exhaustive statement of all risks and uncertainties. This report also contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of both the risks described below and factors described elsewhere in this report. Please read the section above entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for further discussion of these matters. Our exploration, exploitation, development and acquisition operations will require substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our production and reserves. The oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. We have made and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures in our business for the exploration, exploitation, development and acquisition of oil and natural gas reserves. Our capital expenditures for 2014 totaled $411 million including $1 8 million for acquisitions. As a result of the recent significant decline in oil prices and in order to preserve our liquidity, we have reduced our budgeted capital expenditures for 2015 to approximately $148 million. We have funded development and operating activities primarily through equity capital raised from a private equity partner, through borrowings under our bank credit facilities, through the issuance of our senior notes, and through internal operating cash flows. We intend to finance our future capital expenditures predominantly with cash flows from operations. If necessary, we may also access capital through proceeds from potential asset dispositions, borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility and the future issuance of debt and/or equity securities. Our cash flow from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including: · the estimated quantities of our proved oil and natural gas reserves; · the amount of oil and natural gas we produce from existing wells; · the prices at which we sell our production; · take-away capacity; and · our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves. If our revenues or the borrowing base under our senior secured revolving credit facility decrease as a result of lower commodity prices, operating difficulties, declines in reserves or for any other reason, we may have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary to conduct our operations at expected levels. Our senior secured revolving credit facility may restrict our ability to obtain new debt financing. If additional capital is required, we may not be able to obtain debt and/or equity financing on terms favorable to us, or at all. If cash generated by operations or available under our senior secured revolving credit facility is not sufficient to meet our capital requirements, the failure to obtain additional financing could result in a curtailment of our operations relating to development of our prospects, which in turn could lead to a decline in our reserves and production, and could adversely affect our business, results of operation, financial conditions and ability to make payments on our outstanding indebtedness. External financing may be required in the future to fund our growth. We may not be able to obtain additional financing, and financing under our senior secured revolving credit facility may not be available in the future. Without additional capital resources, we may be unable to pursue and consummate acquisition opportunities as they become available, and we may be forced to limit or defer our planned oil and natural gas development program, which will adversely affect the recoverability and ultimate value of our oil and natural gas properties, in turn negatively affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. Oil and natural gas prices are highly volatile and continued depressed prices can significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our revenue, profitability and cash flow depend upon the prices for oil and natural gas. The prices we receive for oil and natural gas production are volatile and a decrease in prices can significantly affect our financial results and impede our growth, including our ability to maintain or increase our borrowing capacity, to repay current or future indebtedness and to obtain additional capital on attractive terms. Changes in oil and natural gas prices have a significant impact on the value of our reserves and on our cash flows. Historically, world-wide oil and natural gas prices and markets have been subject to significant change, and may continue to be in the future. In particular, the prices of oil and natural gas declined dramatically in the second half of 2014. For example, during 2014, based on daily settlements of monthly contracts traded on the NYMEX, the price for a barrel (bbl) of oil ranged from a high of $105.15 for the June 2014 contract to a low of $59.29 for the December 2014 contract and the price for an Mmbtu of natural gas ranged from a high of $5.56 for the February 2014 contract to a low of $3.73 for November 2014 contract. Continued depressed oil and natural gas prices, further price declines or any other unfavorable market conditions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and on the carrying value of our proved reserves. The average realized price, excluding hedge settlements, at which we sold oil in 2014 was $92.27 per barrel compared to $102.81 per barrel in 2013, and $103.72 per barrel in 2012. Because the oil price we are required to use to estimate our future net cash flows is the average price over the twelve months prior to the date of determination of future net cash flows, the full effect of falling prices may not be reflected in our estimated net cash flows for several quarters. We review the carrying value of our properties on a quarterly basis and once incurred, a write-down in the carrying value of our properties is not reversible at a later date, even if prices increase. Prices for oil and natural gas may fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, such as: · the domestic and foreign supply of and demand for oil and natural gas; · the price and quantity of foreign imports of oil and natural gas; · federal regulations generally prohibiting the export of U.S. crude oil; · federal regulations applicable to exports of liquefied natural gas (LNG); · the level of consumer product demand; · weather conditions; · domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxation; · overall domestic and global economic conditions; · the value of the dollar relative to the currencies of other countries; · political and economic conditions and events in foreign oil and natural gas producing countries, including embargoes, continued hostilities in the Middle East and other sustained military campaigns, conditions in South America, Central America, China and Russia, and acts of terrorism or sabotage; · the ability of members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls; · the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities to our production; · technological advances affecting energy consumption; · the price and availability of alternative fuels; and · the impact of energy conservation efforts. Substantially all of our production is sold to purchasers under contracts with market-based prices. Continued lower oil and natural gas prices will reduce our cash flows and may reduce the present value of our reserves. If oil and natural gas prices remain at current levels, we anticipate that the borrowing base under our senior secured revolving credit facility, which is revised periodically, may be reduced, which would negatively impact our borrowing ability. Additionally, prices could reduce our cash flows to a level that would require us to borrow to fund our 2015 capital budget. Lower oil and natural gas prices may also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically. Substantial decreases in oil and natural gas prices could render uneconomic a significant portion of our identified drilling locations. This may result in significant downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. As a result, a substantial or extended decline in oil and natural gas prices may materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or ability to finance planned capital expenditures. 22 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Lower oil and natural gas prices may cause us to record non-cash write-downs, which could negatively impact our results of operations. Accounting rules require that we periodically review the carrying value of our properties for possible impairment. Based on prevailing commodity prices and specific market factors and circumstances at the time of prospective impairment reviews, and the continuing evaluation of development plans, production data, economics, and other factors, we may be required to write down the carrying value of our properties. A write-down constitutes a non-cash charge to earnings. We may incur impairment charges in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods in which such charges are taken. We will depend on successful exploration, exploitation, development and acquisitions to maintain reserves and revenue in the future. In general, the volume of production from oil and natural gas properties declines as reserves are depleted, with the rate of decline depending on each reservoir’s characteristics. Except to the extent that we conduct successful exploration and development activities or acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both, our proved reserves will decline as reserves are produced. Our future oil and natural gas production is, therefore, highly dependent on our level of success in finding or acquiring additional reserves. Additionally, the business of exploring for, developing, or acquiring reserves is capital intensive. Recovery of our reserves, particularly undeveloped reserves, will require significant additional capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. To the extent cash flow from operations is reduced and external sources of capital become limited or unavailable, our ability to make the necessary capital investment to maintain or expand our asset base of oil and natural gas reserves would be impaired. In addition, we are dependent on finding partners for our exploratory activity. To the extent that others in the industry do not have the financial resources or choose not to participate in our exploration activities, we may be adversely affected. Our estimated proved oil and natural gas reserve quantities and future production rates are based on many assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Any material inaccuracies in these reserve estimates or the underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. Numerous uncertainties are inherent in estimating quantities of oil and natural gas reserves. Our estimates of our proved reserve quantities are based upon our estimated net proved reserves as of December 31, 2014. The process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex, requiring significant decisions and assumptions in the evaluation of available geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir, and these reports rely upon various assumptions, including assumptions regarding future oil and natural gas prices, production levels, and operating and development costs. As a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves and projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may prove to be inaccurate. Over time, we may make material changes to reserve estimates taking into account the results of actual drilling and production. Any significant variance in our assumptions and actual results could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of oil and natural gas attributable to any particular group of properties, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery, and estimates of the future net cash flows. Specifically, future prices received for production and costs may vary, perhaps significantly, from the prices and costs assumed for purposes of these estimates. Prices for oil or natural gas at their current levels after the significant decline in the third quarter of 2014 are currently below the average calculated for 2014, and sustained lower prices will cause the twelve month weighted average price to decrease over time as the lower prices are reflected in the average price, which may result in the estimated quantities and present values of our reserves being reduced. The Standardized Measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves or “PV-10” will not necessarily be the same as the current market value of our estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves. It should not be assumed that the Standardized Measure of future net cash flows from our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated oil and natural gas reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we based the estimated discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on the twelve-month unweighted arithmetic average of the closing prices on the first day of each month for the preceding twelve months from the date of the report without giving effect to derivative transactions. Actual future net cash flows from our oil and natural gas properties will be affected by factors such as: · actual prices we receive for crude oil and natural gas; · actual cost of development and production expenditures; · the amount and timing of actual production; · transportation and processing; and · changes in governmental regulations or taxation. Prices for oil or natural gas at their current levels after the significant decline in prices in the second half of 2014 are currently below the average calculated for 2014 and sustained lower prices will cause the unweighted arithmetic average to decrease over time 23 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements as the lower prices are reflected in the average price, which may reduce both in the estimated quantities and present values of our reserves and which may necessitate write-downs in the value of our oil and natural gas properties. The timing of both our production and our incurrence of expenses in connection with the development and production of our oil and natural gas properties will affect the timing and amount of actual future net revenues from proved reserves, and thus their actual present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating the Standardized Measure may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and natural gas industry in general. Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the present value estimate. If oil and natural gas prices decline by 10%, then the Standardized Measure as of December 31, 2014 would decrease approximately $212 million. Approximately 48% of our total estimated proved reserves at December 31, 2014 were proved undeveloped reserves requiring substantial capital expenditures and may ultimately prove to be less than estimated. Recovery of proved undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. At December 31, 2014, approximately 27.2 MMBOE of our total estimated proved reserves were undeveloped. The reserve data included in our reserve reports assumes that substantial capital expenditures will be made to develop non-producing reserves. The calculation of our estimated net proved reserves as of December 31, 2014 assumes that we will spend $349 million , including plugged and abandonment cost, to develop our estimated proved undeveloped reserves, including an estimated $109 million in 2015. Although cost and reserve estimates attributable to our natural gas and oil reserves have been prepared in accordance with industry standards, we cannot be sure that the estimated costs are accurate. We may need to raise additional capital in order to develop our estimated proved undeveloped reserves over the next five years and we cannot be certain that additional financing will be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. Additionally, continued declines in commodity prices will reduce the future net revenues of our estimated proved undeveloped reserves and may result in some projects becoming uneconomical. As a result of depressed oil and gas prices, we have reduced the budgeted capital expenditures for the development of undeveloped reserves in 2015. These delays in the development of reserves could force us to reclassify certain of our proved reserves as unproved reserves. Further, our drilling efforts may be delayed or unsuccessful, and actual reserves may prove to be less than current reserve estimates, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, future cash flows and results of operations. As part of our exploration and development operations, we have expanded, and expect to further expand, the application of horizontal drilling and multi-stage hydraulic fracture stimulation techniques. The utilization of these techniques requires substantially greater capital expenditures as compared to the completion cost of a vertical well. The incremental capital expenditures are the result of greater measured depths and additional hydraulic fracture stages in horizontal wellbores. We may experience difficulty in achieving and managing future growth. Future growth may place strains on our resources and cause us to rely more on project partners and independent contractors, possibly negatively affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to grow will depend on a number of factors, including: · the results of our drilling program; · hydrocarbon prices; · our ability to develop existing prospects; · our ability to obtain leases or options on properties for which we have 3-D seismic data; · our ability to acquire additional 3-D seismic data; · our ability to identify and acquire new exploratory prospects; · our ability to continue to retain and attract skilled personnel; · our ability to maintain or enter into new relationships with project partners and independent contractors; and · our access to capital. Our use of 2-D and 3-D seismic data is subject to interpretation and may not accurately identify the presence of hydrocarbons, which could adversely affect the results of our drilling operations. Even when properly used and interpreted, 2-D and 3-D seismic data and visualization techniques are only tools used to assist geoscientists in identifying subsurface structures and hydrocarbon indicators and do not enable geoscientists to know whether hydrocarbons are, in fact, present in those structures and the amount of hydrocarbons. We are employing 3-D seismic technology with respect to certain of our projects. The use of 2-D and 3-D seismic and other advanced technologies requires greater pre-drilling 24 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements expenditures than traditional drilling strategies, and we could incur greater drilling and testing expenses as a result of such expenditures, which may result in a reduction in our returns or losses. As a result, our drilling activities may not be successful or economical, and our overall drilling success rate or our drilling success rate for activities in a particular area could decline. We often gather 2-D and 3-D seismic data over large areas. Our interpretation of seismic data delineates those portions of an area that we believe are desirable for drilling. Therefore, we may choose not to acquire option or lease rights prior to acquiring seismic data, and, in many cases, we may identify hydrocarbon indicators before seeking option or lease rights in the location. If we are not able to lease those locations on acceptable terms, we will have made substantial expenditures to acquire and analyze 2-D and 3-D seismic data without having an opportunity to attempt to benefit from those expenditures. We will rely on drilling to increase our levels of production. If our drilling is unsuccessful, our financial condition will be adversely affected. The primary focus of our business strategy is to increase production levels by drilling wells. Although we were successful in drilling in the past, we cannot provide assurance that we will continue to maintain production levels through drilling. Our drilling involves numerous risks, including the risk that we will not encounter commercially productive oil or natural gas reservoirs. We must incur significant expenditures to drill and complete wells. The costs of drilling and completing wells are often uncertain, and it is possible that we will make substantial expenditures on drilling and not discover reserves in commercially viable quantities. Additionally, in the current depressed oil price environment, we have reduced our capital expenditures for drilling in 2015. As a result, we may not be able to increase or maintain production through our drilling activity. We may be unable to make attractive acquisitions or successfully integrate acquired businesses, and any inability to do so may disrupt our business and hinder our ability to grow. In the future we may make acquisitions of businesses that complement or expand our current business. We may not be able to identify attractive acquisition opportunities. Even if we do identify attractive acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to complete the acquisition or do so on commercially acceptable terms. No assurance can be given that we will be able to identify additional suitable acquisition opportunities, negotiate acceptable terms, obtain financing for acquisitions on acceptable terms or successfully acquire identified targets. The success of any completed acquisition will depend on our ability to integrate effectively the acquired business into our existing operations. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our managerial and financial resources. Our failure to achieve consolidation savings, to incorporate the acquired businesses and assets into our existing operations successfully or to minimize any unforeseen operational difficulties could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our partnership agreement, our senior secured revolving credit facility and the indenture governing our senior notes impose certain limitations on our ability to enter into mergers or combination transactions. Our partnership agreement, our senior secured revolving credit facility and the indenture governing our senior notes also limit our ability to incur certain indebtedness, which could indirectly limit our ability to engage in acquisitions of businesses. Our business is subject to operational risks that will not be fully insured, which, if they were to occur, could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Our business activities are subject to operational risks, including: · damages to equipment caused by natural disasters such as earthquakes and adverse weather conditions, including tornadoes, hurricanes and flooding; · facility or equipment malfunctions; · pipeline ruptures or spills; · surface fluid spills, salt water contamination, and surface or groundwater contamination form petroleum constituents or hydraulic fracturing chemical additions; · fires, blowouts, craterings and explosions; and · uncontrollable flows of oil or natural gas or well fluids. In addition, a portion of our natural gas production is processed to extract natural gas liquids at processing plants that are owned by others. If these plants were to cease operations for any reason, we would need to arrange for alternative transportation and processing facilities. These alternative facilities may not be available, which could cause us to shut in our natural gas production. Further, such alternative facilities could be more expensive than the facilities we currently use. 25 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to conduct operations or cause substantial losses, including personal injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution or other environmental contamination, loss of wells, regulatory penalties, suspension of operations, and attorney’s fees and other expenses incurred in the prosecution or defense of litigation. As is customary in the industry, we maintain insurance against some but not all of these risks. Additionally, we may elect not to obtain insurance if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the perceived risks presented. Losses could therefore occur for uninsurable or uninsured risks or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse impact on our business activities, financial condition and results of operations. Our hedging activities could result in financial losses or could reduce our net income. To achieve more predictable cash flows and to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the prices of oil and natural gas, we have and may continue to enter into hedging arrangements for a significant portion of our production. As of December 31, 2014, we have hedged approximately 78% of our total forecasted PDP production through 2018 at average annual floor prices ranging from $4.19 per MMBtu to $4.50 per MMBtu for natural gas and $80.00 per Bbl to $89.16 per Bbl for oil , with the majority of the hedged volumes in 2015-2016. If we experience a sustained material interruption in our production, we might be forced to satisfy all or a portion of our hedging obligations without the benefit of the cash flows from our sale of the underlying physical commodity, resulting in a substantial diminution of our liquidity. Lastly, an attendant risk exists in hedging activities that the counterparty in any derivative transaction cannot or will not perform under the instrument and that we will not realize the benefit of the hedge. Our ability to use hedging transactions to protect us from future price declines will be dependent upon prices at the time we enter into future hedging transactions and our future levels of hedging, and as a result our future net cash flows may be more sensitive to commodity price changes. Our policy has been to hedge a significant portion of our near-term estimated production. However, our price hedging strategy and future hedging transactions will be determined at our discretion. We are not under an obligation to hedge a specific portion of our production. The prices at which we hedge our production in the future will be dependent upon commodities prices at the time we enter into these transactions, which may be substantially higher or lower than current prices. Accordingly, our price hedging strategy may not protect us from significant declines in prices received for our future production. Conversely, our hedging strategy may limit our ability to realize cash flows from commodity price increases. It is also possible that a substantially larger percentage of our future production will not be hedged as compared with the next few years, which would result in our oil and natural gas revenues becoming more sensitive to commodity price changes. Our hedging transactions expose us to counterparty credit risk. Our hedging transactions expose us to risk of financial loss if a counterparty fails to perform under a derivative contract. This risk of counterparty non-performance is of particular concern given the disruptions that have occurred in the financial markets and the significant decline in oil and natural gas prices which could lead to sudden changes in a counterparty’s liquidity, and impair their ability to perform under the terms of the derivative contract. We are unable to predict sudden changes in a counterparty’s creditworthiness or ability to perform. Even if we do accurately predict sudden changes, our ability to negate the risk may be limited depending upon market conditions. Furthermore, the bankruptcy of one or more of our hedge providers or some other similar proceeding or liquidity constraint, might make it unlikely that we would be able to collect all or a significant portion of amounts owed to us by the distressed entity or entities. During periods of falling commodity prices our hedge receivable positions increase, which increases our exposure. If the creditworthiness of our counterparties deteriorates and results in their nonperformance, we could incur a significant loss. The adoption of derivatives legislation and regulations by the U.S. Congress related to derivative contracts could have an adverse impact on our ability to hedge risks associated with our business. Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) establishes federal oversight and regulation of over-the-counter (“OTC”) derivatives and requires the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and the SEC to enact further regulations affecting derivative contracts, including the derivative contracts we use to hedge our exposure to price volatility through the OTC market. Although the CFTC and the SEC have issued final regulations in certain areas, final rules in other areas and the scope of relevant definitions and/or exemptions still remain to be finalized. In one of its rulemaking proceedings still pending under the Dodd-Frank Act, the CFTC approved on November 5, 2013, a proposed rule imposing position limits for certain futures and option contracts in various commodities (including natural gas) and for swaps that are their economic equivalents. Certain specified types of hedging transactions are exempt from these position limits, provided that such 26 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements hedging transactions satisfy the CFTC’s requirements for “bona fide hedging” transactions or positions. Similarly, the CFTC has issued a proposed rule on margin requirements for swap transactions, which proposes an exemption for commercial end-users, entering into uncleared swaps in order to hedge commercial risks affecting their business, from any requirement to post margin to secure such swap transactions. In addition, the CFTC has issued a final rule authorizing an exception for commercial end-users using swaps to hedge their commercial risks from the otherwise applicable mandatory obligation under the Dodd-Frank Act to clear all swap transactions through a derivatives clearing organization and to trade all such swaps on an exchange. The Dodd-Frank Act also imposes recordkeeping and reporting obligations on counterparties to swap transactions and other regulatory compliance obligations. All of the above regulations could increase the costs to us of entering into financial derivative transactions to hedge or mitigate our exposure to commodity price volatility and other commercial risks affecting our business. While it is not possible at this time to predict when the CFTC will issue final rules applicable to position limits or margin requirements, depending on our ability to satisfy the CFTC’s requirements for a commercial end-user using swaps to hedge or mitigate our commercial risks, these rules and regulations may require us to comply with position limits, margin requirements and with certain clearing and trade-execution requirements in connection with our financial derivative activities. The Dodd-Frank Act may also require our current counterparties to financial derivative transactions to spin off some of their derivatives activities to separate entities, which may not be as creditworthy as the current counterparties, and may cause some entities to cease their current business as hedge providers. These changes could reduce the liquidity of the financial derivatives markets thereby reducing the ability of commercial end-users to have access to financial derivatives to hedge or mitigate their exposure to commodity price volatility. The Dodd-Frank Act and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including through requirements to post collateral which could adversely affect our available capital for other commercial operations purposes), materially alter the terms of future swaps relative to the terms of our existing bilaterally negotiated financial derivative contracts, and reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against commercial risks we encounter. If we reduce our use of derivative contracts as a result of the new requirements, our results of operations may become more volatile and cash flows less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Finally, the legislation was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. Our revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the legislation and regulations is to lower commodity prices. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. We may be unable to compete effectively with larger companies, which may adversely affect our ability to generate sufficient revenues. The oil and natural gas industry is intensely competitive, and we compete with other companies that have greater resources than us. Our ability to acquire additional properties and to discover reserves in the future will be dependent upon our ability to evaluate and select suitable properties to consummate transactions in a highly competitive market. Many of our larger competitors not only drill for and produce oil and natural gas, but also engage in refining operations and market petroleum and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. These companies may be able to pay more for oil and natural gas properties, and evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties than our financial or human resources permit. In addition, these companies may have a greater ability to continue drilling activities during periods of low commodity prices, to contract for drilling equipment, to secure trained personnel, and to absorb the burden of present and future federal, state, local and other laws and regulations. The oil and natural gas industry has periodically experienced shortages of drilling rigs, equipment, pipe and personnel, which has delayed development drilling and other exploitation activities and has caused significant price increases. Competition has been strong in hiring experienced personnel, particularly in the engineering and technical, accounting and financial reporting, tax and land departments. In addition, competition is strong for attractive oil and natural gas producing properties, oil and natural gas companies, and undeveloped leases and drilling rights. Our inability to compete effectively with larger companies could have a material adverse impact on our business activities, financial condition and results of operations. The oil and natural gas industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological advancements and introductions of new products and services using new technologies. As others use or develop new technologies, we may be placed at a competitive disadvantage or competitive pressures may force us to implement those new technologies at substantial costs. In addition, other oil and natural gas companies may have greater financial, technical, and personnel resources that allow them to enjoy technological advantages and may in the future allow them to implement new technologies before we can. We may not be able to respond to these competitive pressures and implement new technologies on a timely basis or at an acceptable cost. If one or more of the technologies we use now or in the future were to become obsolete or if we are unable to use the most advanced commercially available technology, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 27 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Deficiencies of title to our leased interests could significantly affect our financial condition. If an examination of the title history of a property reveals that an oil or natural gas lease or other developed rights has been purchased in error from a person who is not the owner of the mineral interest desired, our interest would substantially decline in value. In such cases, the amount paid for such oil or natural gas lease or leases or other developed rights would be lost. It is management’s practice, in acquiring oil and natural gas leases or undivided interests in oil and natural gas leases or other developed rights, not to incur the expense of retaining lawyers to examine the title to the mineral interest to be acquired. Rather, we will rely upon the judgment of oil and natural gas lease brokers or landmen who perform the fieldwork in examining records in the appropriate governmental or county clerk’s office before attempting to acquire a lease or other developed rights in a specific mineral interest. Prior to drilling an oil or natural gas well, however, it is the normal practice in the oil and natural gas industry for the person or company acting as the operator of the well to obtain a preliminary title review of the spacing unit within which the proposed oil or natural gas well is to be drilled to ensure there are no obvious deficiencies in title to the well. Frequently, as a result of such examinations, certain curative work must be done to correct deficiencies in the marketability of the title, such as obtaining affidavits of heirship or causing an estate to be administered. Such curative work entails expense, and it may happen, from time to time, that the operator may elect to proceed with a well despite defects to the title identified in the preliminary title opinion. Our failure to obtain perfect title to our leaseholds may adversely impact our ability in the future to increase production and reserves. We are vulnerable to risks associated with operating in the inland waters region of South Louisiana. Our operations and financial results could be significantly impacted by unique conditions in the inland waters region of South Louisiana because we explore and produce in that area. As a result of this activity, we are vulnerable to the risks associated with operating in the inland waters region of South Louisiana, including those relating to: · adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; · availability of required performance bonds and insurance; · oil field service costs and availability; · compliance with environmental and other laws and regulations; · new safety requirements, new regulations, increased costs of services and rig mobilizations, slowed issuance of permits for new wells and additional insurance costs and requirements; · remediation and other costs resulting from oil spills or releases of hazardous materials; and · failure of equipment or facilities. Our ability to pursue our business strategies may be adversely affected if we incur costs and liabilities due to a failure to comply with environmental regulations or a release of hazardous substances into the environment. We may incur significant costs and liabilities as a result of environmental requirements applicable to the operation of our wells, gathering systems and other facilities. These costs and liabilities could arise under a wide range of federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including, for example: · the Clean Air Act (“CAA”) and comparable state laws and regulations that impose obligations related to air emissions; · the Clean Water Act and Oil Pollution Act (“OPA”) and comparable state laws and regulations that impose obligations related to discharges of pollutants into regulated bodies of water; · the Safe Drinking Water Act (“SDWA”) and comparable state laws and regulations that impose obligations on, among other things, the subsurface injection of materials; · the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (“RCRA”), and comparable state laws that impose requirements for the handling and disposal of waste from our facilities; · the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (“CERCLA”) and comparable state laws that regulate the cleanup of hazardous substances that may have been released at properties currently or previously owned or operated by us or at locations to which we have sent waste for disposal; · the Emergency Planning and Community Right to Know regulations under Title III of CERCLA and similar state statutes requiring that we organize and/or disclose information about hazardous materials used or produced in our operations; and · the Endangered Species Act which may restrict or prohibit operations that could harm protected species or that would occur in a protected area. 28 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including the assessment of monetary penalties, the imposition of remedial requirements, and the issuance of orders enjoining future operations. Certain environmental statutes, including RCRA, CERCLA, OPA and analogous state laws and regulations, impose strict joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances or other waste products have been disposed of or otherwise released. More stringent laws and regulations, including any related to climate change, greenhouse gases, and hydraulic fracturing, may be adopted in the future. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other materials into the environment. Our operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Water is an essential component of both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. Historically, we have been able to purchase water from local land owners and other sources for use in our operations. Some areas in which we have operations have experienced drought conditions, which could result in restrictions on water use. If drought conditions were to occur, our ability to obtain water could be impacted and in turn, our ability to perform hydraulic fracturing operations could be restricted or made more costly. If we are unable to obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, we may be unable to economically produce oil and natural gas, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of greenhouse gases (“GHGs”) could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the oil and natural gas we produce. In the absence of comprehensive federal legislation on GHG emission control, the EPA attempted to require the permitting of GHG emissions; although the Supreme Court struck down the permitting requirements, it upheld the EPA’s authority to control GHG emissions when a permit is required due to emissions of other pollutants. The EPA has recently announced its intention to take measures to require or encourage reductions in methane emissions from oil and gas operations. Those measures may include the development of NSPS regulations in 2016 for reducing methane from new and modified oil and gas production sources and natural gas processing and transmission sources . EPA requires the reporting of GHG emissions from specified large GHG emission sources in the United States including from onshore and offshore oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities. Reporting of GHG emissions from such facilities is required on an annual basis, with reporting beginning in 2012 for emissions occurring in 2011. Although both houses of Congress, in past sessions, have considered legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs, no comprehensive program has been enacted by Congress. In the absence of a comprehensive federal program, many states, either individually or through multistate regional initiatives, are considering or have begun implementing legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs. The adoption and implementation of any statutes, regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting emissions of GHGs from, our equipment and operations could require us to incur costs to reduce emissions of GHGs associated with our operations or could adversely affect demand for the oil and natural gas that we produce. Significant physical effects of climatic change have the potential to damage our facilities, disrupt our production activities and cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to those effects. In an interpretive guidance on climate change disclosure, the SEC indicates that climate change could have an effect on the severity of weather (including hurricanes and floods), sea levels, the arability of farmland, and water availability and quality. If such effects were to occur, our development and production operations have the potential to be adversely affected. Potential adverse effects could include damages to our facilities from powerful winds or rising waters in low lying areas, disruption of our production activities because of climate related damages to our facilities and our costs of operation potentially arising from such climatic effects, less efficient or non-routine operating practices necessitated by climate effects, or increased costs for insurance coverage in the aftermath of such effects. Significant physical effects of climate change could also have an indirect effect on our financing and operations by disrupting the transportation or process-related services provided by midstream companies, service companies or suppliers with whom we have a business relationship. We may not be able to recover through insurance some or any of the damages, losses or costs that may result from potential physical effects of climate change. Federal legislation and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. Hydraulic fracturing is used in many of our operations to stimulate production of hydrocarbons, particularly natural gas. Congress has considered legislation to amend the SDWA to remove the exemption currently available to hydraulic fracturing, which would place additional regulatory burdens upon hydraulic fracturing operations including requirements to obtain a permit prior to commencing operations adhering to certain construction requirements, to establish financial assurance, and to require reporting and 29 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements disclosure of the chemicals used in those operations. This legislation has not passed. The SDWA does not exempt hydraulic fracturing activities using diesel. The EPA has developed guidance for permitting of hydraulic fracturing activities using diesel. The EPA has commenced a study of the potential environmental impacts of hydraulic fracturing activities, issued a progress report in December 2012, and expects to deliver the final results of the study in 2015. The Bureau of Land Management has adopted final rules regulating hydraulic fracturing on public lands. These rules include requirements on drillers to disclose the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing operations and new requirements for well casing, groundwater protections, and wastewater storage. We are currently evaluating the impact of these rules on our operations. Additionally the EPA has announced an initiative under the Toxic Substances Control Act to develop regulations governing the disclosure and evaluation of hydraulic fracturing chemicals and is working on regulations for wastewater generated by hydraulic fracturing. In addition, some states have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, regulations that could restrict hydraulic fracturing in certain circumstances and that require the disclosure of the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing operations. Any other new laws or regulations that impose new obligations on, or significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing, could make it more difficult or costly for us to perform hydraulic fracturing activities and thereby affect our determination of whether a well is commercially viable and increase our cost of doing business. Further, in April 2012, the EPA issued final rules that subject oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, and storage operations to regulation under the NSPS and NESHAP programs. The EPA rules include NSPS standards for completions of hydraulically fractured natural gas wells. Before January 1, 2015, these standards require owners/operators to reduce VOC emissions from natural gas not sent to the gathering line during well completion either by flaring using a completion combustion device or by capturing the natural gas using green completions. Beginning January 1, 2015, operators must capture the natural gas and make it available for use or sale. The standards are applicable to newly fractured wells and also existing wells that are refractured. Further, the finalized regulations also establish specific new requirements for emissions from compressors, controllers, dehydrators, storage tanks, natural gas processing plants and other equipment. Compliance with such regulations could require modifications to the operations of our natural gas exploration and production operations including the installation of new equipment, which could result in significant costs. The unavailability or high cost of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, personnel and oil field services could adversely affect our ability to execute development and exploitation plans on a timely basis and within budget, and consequently could adversely affect our anticipated cash flow. We utilize third-party services to maximize the efficiency of our operation. The cost of oil field services typically fluctuates based on demand for those services. While we currently have excellent relationships with oil field service companies, there is no assurance that we will be able to contract for such services on a timely basis or that the cost of such services will remain at a satisfactory or affordable level. Shortages or the high cost of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies or personnel could delay or adversely affect our development and exploitation operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to complex federal, state, local and other laws and regulations that could adversely affect the cost, manner or feasibility of conducting our operations. Our exploration and production operations are subject to complex and stringent laws and regulations. In order to conduct our operations in compliance with these laws and regulations, we must obtain and maintain numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various federal, state and local governmental authorities. Failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approvals or drilling permits could have a material adverse effect on our ability to develop our properties, and receipt of drilling permits with onerous conditions could increase our compliance costs. In addition, regulations regarding conservation practices and the protection of correlative rights affect our operations by limiting the quantity of oil and natural gas we may produce and sell. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations as interpreted and enforced by governmental authorities possessing jurisdiction over various aspects of the exploration, production and transportation of oil and natural gas. The possibility exists that new laws, regulations or enforcement policies could be more stringent and significantly increase our compliance costs. If we are not able to recover the resulting costs through insurance or increased revenues, our financial position could be adversely affected. We have limited control over activities on properties we do not operate, which could reduce our production and revenues. We have limited control over properties, especially our Eagleville field, which we do not operate or do not otherwise control operations. If we do not operate or otherwise control the properties in which we own an interest, we do not have control over normal operating procedures, expenditures or future development of the underlying properties. The failure of an operator of our wells to adequately perform operations, an operator’s financial difficulties, including as a result of the severe decline in oil and natural gas 30 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements prices in 2014, or an operator’s breach of the applicable agreements could reduce our production and revenues. The success and timing of our drilling and development activities on properties operated by others, therefore, depends upon a number of factors outside of our control, including the operator’s timing and amount of capital expenditures, expertise and financial resources, inclusion of other participants in drilling wells and use of technology. High Mesa , as our Class B limited partner, has the ability to take actions that conflict with the interests of other investors. High Mesa , an affiliate of a private equity fund focused on energy and commodities, is the holder of our Class B limited partner interest. Under our partnership agreement, the Class B limited partner has certain significant rights, including, without limitation: · approval of material sales and acquisitions of properties and assets, the incurrence of debt, the appointment of any successor to our Chief Executive Officer and any other senior officers; the entering into of partnerships and joint ventures; our merger or consolidation with any entity; and the issuance of interests, ownership interests, debentures, bonds and other securities of the company; · approval of our annual development plan and budget; · approval of modifications to our policies or procedures to mitigate our commodity price risks; · the right to part of the proceeds of any future debt or equity offering; and · the right, in certain circumstances, to cause our partners to sell their units or to cause us to sell our assets in a liquidity event. The interests of the Class B limited partner could conflict with the interests of our other investors, such as the holders of our senior notes. For example, if we encounter financial difficulties or are unable to pay our debts as they mature, the interests of the Class B limited partner may conflict with the interests of the holders of our senior notes. The Class B limited partner also may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions that, in its judgment, could enhance its investment, even though such transactions might involve risks to our other investors, including the holders of our senior notes. We may not be able to repurchase our outstanding senior notes upon a change of control. Under the terms of the indenture for the senior notes, if we experience certain specific change of control events, we will be required to offer to repurchase all of our outstanding notes at 101% of the principal amount of such senior notes plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. We may not have available funds sufficient to pay the change of control purchase price for any or all of the senior notes that might be tendered in the change of control offer. The definition of change of control in the indenture governing the senior notes includes a phrase relating to the direct or indirect sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of “all or substantially all” of our and our restricted subsidiaries’ assets, taken as a whole. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the phrase “substantially all”, there is no precise established definition of the phrase under applicable law. Accordingly, the ability of a holder of senior notes to require us to repurchase such senior notes as a result of a sale, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of “less than all of our and our restricted subsidiaries” assets taken as a whole to another person or group may be uncertain. Our limited partnership agreement permits High Mesa to cause our general partner to initiate a sale of our company to a third-party, which sale may be deemed to be a change of control. High Mesa may exercise this right at a time that we do not have sufficient capital or are otherwise prohibited from repurchasing the senior notes. In addition, our senior secured revolving credit facility contains, and any future credit agreement likely will contain, restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to repurchase the senior notes under certain circumstances. If these change of control events occur at a time when we are prohibited from repurchasing the senior notes, we may seek the consent of our lenders to purchase the senior notes or could attempt to refinance the borrowings that contain these prohibitions or restrictions. If we do not obtain our lenders’ consent or refinance these borrowings, we will not be able to repurchase the senior notes. Accordingly, the holders of the senior notes may not receive the change of control purchase price for their notes in the event of a sale or other change of control, which will give the trustee and the holders of the senior notes the right to declare an event of default and accelerate the repayment of the senior notes. Our private equity partner and its affiliates are not limited in their ability to compete with us for acquisition or drilling opportunities. This could cause conflicts of interest and limit our ability to acquire additional assets or businesses. Our partnership agreement with our private equity partner does not prohibit it or its affiliates from owning assets or engaging in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. For instance, our private equity partner and its affiliates may acquire, develop or dispose of additional oil or natural gas properties or other assets in the future, without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase or develop any of those assets. Highbridge is part of a larger family of funds, which has significantly greater resources than we have, which may make it more difficult for us to compete for acquisition candidates if our private equity partner or its affiliates were to compete against us. 31 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements We depend on key personnel, the loss of any of whom could materially adversely affect future operations. Our success will depend to a large extent upon the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and key operations personnel. The loss of the services of one or more of these key employees could have a material adverse effect on us. We do not maintain key-man life insurance with respect to any of our employees. Our business will also be dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Acquiring and keeping these personnel could prove more difficult or cost substantially more than estimated. This could cause us to incur greater costs, or prevent us from pursuing our development and exploitation strategy as quickly as we would otherwise wish to do. We may encounter obstacles to marketing our oil and natural gas, which could adversely impact our revenues. The marketability of our production will depend in part upon the availability and capacity of natural gas gathering systems, pipelines and other transportation facilities owned by third parties. Transportation space on the gathering systems and pipelines we utilize is occasionally limited or unavailable due to repairs or improvements to facilities or due to space being utilized by other companies that have priority transportation agreements. Additionally, new fields may require the construction of gathering systems and other transportation facilities. These facilities may require us to spend significant capital that would otherwise be spent on drilling . Our access to transportation options can also be affected by U.S. federal and state regulation of oil and natural gas production and transportation, general economic conditions and changes in supply and demand. Various proposals and proceedings that might affect the petroleum industry are pending before Congress, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC, various state legislatures, and the courts. The industry historically has been heavily regulated and we cannot provide assurance that the less stringent regulatory approach recently pursued by the FERC and Congress will continue nor can we predict what effect such proposals or proceedings may have on our operations. The availability of markets is beyond our control. If market factors dramatically change, the impact on our revenues could be substantial and could adversely affect our ability to produce and market oil and natural gas. We may experience a temporary decline in revenues and production if we lose one of our significant customers. Historically, we have been dependent upon a few customers for a significant portion of our revenue. To the extent any significant customer reduces the volume of its oil or natural gas purchases from us, we could experience a temporary interruption in sales of, or a lower price for, our oil and natural gas production and our revenues could decline. Our debt agreements contain restrictive covenants that may limit our ability to respond to changes in market conditions or pursue business opportunities. Our senior secured revolving credit facility and the indenture for the senior notes contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: · incur or guarantee additional debt; · make distributions; · repay subordinated debt prior to its maturity; · grant additional liens on our assets; · enter into transactions with our affiliates; · enter into hedging transactions with non-lender hedge counterparties; · repurchase equity securities; · make certain investments or acquisitions of substantially all or a portion of another entity’s business assets; and · merge with another entity or dispose of any material assets. In addition, our senior secured revolving credit facility requires us to maintain certain financial ratios and tests, such as leverage ratios. The requirement that we comply with these provisions may materially adversely affect our ability to react to changes in market conditions, take advantage of business opportunities we believe to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund needed capital expenditures or withstand a continuing or future downturn in our business. As of December 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all of the financial covenants under our credit facility. Failure to maintain these covenants could preclude us from borrowing under our revolving credit facility and require us to immediately pay down any outstanding drawn amounts under the credit agreement, which could affect cash flows or restrict business. Any significant reduction in our borrowing base under our revolving credit facility as a result of the periodic borrowing base redeterminations or otherwise may negatively impact our ability to fund our operations, and we may not have sufficient funds to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility if required as a result of a borrowing base redetermination. 32 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Availability under our revolving credit facility is currently subject to a borrowing base of $375 million. The borrowing base is subject to scheduled semiannual and other elective collateral borrowing base redeterminations based on the value of our oil and natural gas reserves as determined by the lenders under our credit facility, and other factors deemed relevant by our lenders. Recent declines in prices for oil and natural gas may cause our banks to reduce the borrowing base under our revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2014, we had outstanding borrowings of $319.5 million. We intend to continue borrowing under our revolving credit facility in the future as needed. Any significant reduction in our borrowing base as a result of such borrowing base redeterminations or otherwise may negatively impact our liquidity and our ability to fund our operations and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operation and cash flow. Further if, the outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility were to exceed the borrowing base as a result of any such redetermination, we would be required to repay the excess. We may not have sufficient funds to make such repayments. If we do not have sufficient funds and we are otherwise unable to negotiate renewals of our borrowings or arrange new financing, we may have to sell significant assets. Any such sale could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. If we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements, there could be a default under the terms of such agreements, which could result in an acceleration of repayment. If we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in our debt agreements, there could be a default under the terms of these agreements. Our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants, including meeting financial ratios and tests, may be affected by events beyond our control. As a result, we cannot assure that we will be able to comply with these restrictions and covenants or meet such financial ratios and tests. Any default under these agreements governing our indebtedness that is not waived by the required lenders or holders, as the case may be, could prevent us from paying principal, premium, if any, and interest on the notes and substantially decrease the market value of the notes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants in the instruments governing our indebtedness (including covenants in our senior secured revolving credit facility and the indenture governing the senior notes), we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such a default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under our credit facility could terminate their commitments to lend, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Borrowings under other debt instruments that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions may also be accelerated and become due and payable. If any of these events occur, our assets might not be sufficient to repay in full all of our outstanding indebtedness and we may be unable to find alternative financing. Even if we could obtain alternative financing, it might not be on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Additionally, we may not be able to amend our debt agreements or obtain needed waivers on satisfactory terms. Our borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility expose us to interest rate risk. Our earnings are exposed to interest rate risk associated with borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility. Our senior secured revolving credit facility carries a floating interest rate based upon short-term interest rate indices. If interest rates increase, so will our interest costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We may use interest rate hedges in an effort to mitigate this risk, but those efforts may not prove successful. 33 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements To service our indebtedness, we require a significant amount of cash, and our ability to generate cash will depend on many factors beyond our control. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, and to fund planned capital expenditures depends in part on our ability to generate cash in the future. This ability is, to a certain extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot provide assurance that we will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that we will realize operating improvements on schedule, or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service and repay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs. If we are unable to satisfy our debt obligations, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as: · refinancing or restructuring our debt; · selling assets; · reducing or delaying capital investments; or · seeking to raise additional capital. However, any alternative financing plans that we undertake, if necessary, may not allow us to meet our debt obligations. We cannot provide assurance that any refinancing or debt restructuring would be possible, that any assets could be sold or that, if sold, the timing of the sales and the amount of proceeds realized from those sales would be favorable to us or that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations, including our obligations under the senior notes, or to obtain alternative financing, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Future disruptions in the global credit markets may make equity and debt markets less accessible, create a shortage in the availability of credit, and lead to credit market volatility that could limit our ability to grow. The recovery from the global economic crisis of 2008 and resulting recession has been slow and uneven. Continuing concerns regarding the worldwide economic outlook and sovereign debt crisis in Europe have contributed to increased economic uncertainty and diminished expectations for the global economy. A slowdown in the current economic recovery or a return to a recession would negatively impact demand for petroleum products and prices for natural gas and oil. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets, as was experienced during 2008 and 2009, could adversely affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs or to refinance our indebtedness, including our ability to draw on our existing credit facility or enter into new credit facilities. There are inherent limitations in all control systems, and misstatements due to error or fraud that could seriously harm our business may occur and not be detected. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our internal controls and disclosure controls will prevent all possible error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefit of controls must be relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, an evaluation of controls can only provide reasonable assurance that all material control issues and instances of fraud, if any, in our Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Further, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons or by collusion of two or more persons. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Because of inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. A failure of our controls and procedures to detect error or fraud could seriously harm our business and results of operations. Cyber-attacks targeting systems and infrastructure used by the oil and gas industry may adversely impact our operations. Our business has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development, production and financial activities. We depend on digital technology to estimate quantities of oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, and communicate with our employees and third party partners. Unauthorized access to our seismic data, reserves information or other proprietary information could lead to data corruption, communication interruption, or other operational disruptions in our exploration or production operations. Also, computers control nearly all of the oil and gas distribution systems in the United States and abroad, which are necessary to transport our production to market. A cyber-attack directed at oil and gas distribution systems could damage critical distribution and storage assets or the environment, delay or prevent delivery of production to markets and make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. While we have not experienced cyber-attacks, there is no assurance that we will not suffer such 34 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements attacks and resulting losses in the future. Further, as cyber-attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber-attacks. 