 We have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects. Our business could be harmed by any of these risks. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones
we face. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment. In assessing these risks, you should also refer to the other
information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. Risks related to our financial condition and need for additional capital Although we reported net income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012,
we incurred significant losses in prior years and expect to incur substantial losses in the future. We are a clinical-stage specialty pharmaceutical company and do not currently directly market any products. We currently exclusively
license U.S. patent rights for two approved products, Namenda XR and Namzaric (formerly known as MDX-8704), to Forest Laboratories, or Forest, a wholly owned subsidiary of Actavis plc, and
Forest markets Namenda XR and intends to market Namzaric in the United States, but we do not currently receive royalties on the sales of those products. We continue to incur significant research and
development and general and administrative expenses related to our product candidates and our operations. Although we reported net income for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2014, 2013, and
2012, this was almost entirely due to milestone payments we received pursuant to our license agreement with Forest. We incurred significant operating losses in 2011 and prior years and as we received
our final milestone payment in 2014 pursuant to our license agreement with Forest, we expect to incur substantial and increasing losses for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2014, we
had an accumulated deficit of $10.3 million. We
have financed our operations primarily through our collaboration with Forest, public and private equity offerings, and, to a lesser extent, government grants, venture debt, and
benefits from tax credits made available under a federal stimulus program supporting drug development. We have devoted substantially all of our efforts to research and development, including clinical
studies, but have not completed development of any product candidates. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: • conduct Phase 3 registration trials of our lead wholly owned product candidate, ADS-5102 in levodopa induced dyskinesia, or
LID; • initiate and conduct clinical trials of ADS-5102 for treatment of other indications in addition to LID; • seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates that successfully complete clinical studies; • establish a specialty CNS sales force and distribution and marketing capabilities to commercialize products for which we may obtain
regulatory approval; • enhance operational, financial, and information management systems and hire more personnel, including personnel to support development
of our product candidates and, if a product candidate is approved, our commercial operations; • continue the research, development, and manufacture of our current product candidates; and • seek to discover or in-license additional product candidates. To
be profitable in the future, we or our current and future potential collaboration partners must succeed in developing and commercializing products with significant market potential.
This will require us or our partners to be successful in a range of activities, including advancing product candidates into clinical trials, completing clinical studies, and obtaining regulatory
approvals related to those product 31 Table of Contents candidates,
and manufacturing, marketing, and selling those products for which regulatory approvals are obtained. We or our partners may not succeed in these activities, and, as a result, we may never
generate revenue that is sufficient to be profitable in the future. We will not be entitled to receive any royalty payments with respect to sales of Namenda XR until June 2018, and with respect to
sales of our second partnered product, Namzaric, until the first half of 2020, five years after its expected launch in the United States. Even
if we attain profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to achieve or sustain profitability would cause cash
generated from operations to be inadequate to fund future operations and could depress the value of our stock and impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product
candidates, market our product candidates, if approved, or continue our operations. Our operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes our future operating results
difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or our guidance. Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes it difficult for us to predict our
future operating results. We received our final milestone payment under our license agreement with Forest in 2014. Any future revenue will depend on the establishment of potential future collaboration
and license agreements, if any, and the achievement of any upfront or milestone payments provided thereunder and sales of our product candidates, if approved. Accordingly, upfront and milestone
payments may vary significantly from period to period, and any such variance could cause a significant fluctuation in our operating results from one period to the next. Furthermore, our operating
results may fluctuate due to a variety of other factors, many of which are outside of our control and may be difficult to predict, including: • the level of demand for our products, should any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval, which may vary significantly
as they are launched and compete for position in the marketplace; • pricing and reimbursement policies with respect to our products candidates, if approved, and the competitive response from existing
and potential future therapeutic approaches that compete with our product candidates; • the cost of manufacturing our product candidates, which may vary due to a number of factors, including the terms of our agreements
with contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs; • the timing, cost, level of investment, and success or failure of research and development activities relating to our pre-clinical and
clinical-stage product candidates, which may change from time to time; • expenditures that we may incur to acquire and develop additional product candidates and technologies; • the timing and success or failure of clinical studies for competing product candidates, or any other change in the competitive
landscape of our industry, including consolidation among our competitors or partners; • future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; and • changing or volatile U.S., European, and global economic environments. The
cumulative effects of these factors could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating
results on a
period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our 32 Table of Contents failing
to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If our operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any forecasts we
may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock
price decline could occur even when we have met any previously publicly stated operating results and/or earnings guidance that we may provide. We may need additional funds and, if we cannot raise additional capital when needed, we may have to
curtail or cease operations. We are seeking to advance multiple product candidates through the research and clinical development process. The completion of the
development and the potential commercialization of our product candidates, should they receive approval, will require substantial funds. As of December 31, 2014, we had approximately
$158.7 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments. We believe that our available cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to fund our anticipated level of operations for at least the
next 12 months, but there can be no assurance that this will be the case. Our future financing requirements will depend on many factors, some of which are beyond our control,
including: • the rate of progress and cost of our clinical studies; • the initiation of additional clinical studies or new programs; • the timing of, and costs involved in, seeking and obtaining approvals from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and
potentially other regulatory authorities; • the costs of commercialization activities related to our product candidates should any be approved, including initiating and expanding
our sales, marketing, and distribution activities; • the degree and rate of market acceptance of any approved products launched by us, Forest, or any future partners; • the coverage of our products, if approved, by third-party payors and the formulary tier in which health plans and other payors place
our products and the rate at which the products are reimbursed; • our ability to enter into additional collaboration, licensing, commercialization, or other arrangements and the terms and timing of
such arrangements; and • the emergence of competing therapeutic approaches or other adverse market developments. We
do not have any committed external source of funds or other support for our development efforts other than our license agreement with Forest, which may be terminated by Forest upon
delivery of notice. Until we can generate sufficient revenue from our own products and from royalties paid to us by Forest pursuant to our license agreement to finance our operations, which we may
never do, we expect to finance future cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, asset sales,
and other marketing and distribution arrangements. Additional financing may not be available to us when we need it or it may not be available on favorable terms. If we raise additional capital through
marketing and distribution arrangements or other collaborations, strategic alliances, or licensing arrangements with
third parties, we may have to relinquish certain valuable rights to our product candidates, technologies, future revenue streams, or research programs or grant licenses on terms that may not be
favorable to us. If we raise additional capital through public or private equity offerings, the ownership interest of our existing stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may
include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders' rights. If we raise additional capital through debt financing, we may be subject to covenants limiting or restricting
our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we are unable 33 Table of Contents to
obtain adequate financing when needed, we may have to delay, reduce the scope of, or suspend one or more of our clinical studies or research and development programs or our commercialization
efforts. Risks related to the development and commercialization of our current and future products Our success depends heavily on the approval and successful commercialization of ADS-5102, the
successful U.S. commercialization by Forest of Namzaric and the successful U.S. commercialization by Forest of Namenda XR. If we are unable to successfully commercialize ADS-5102 or Forest is unable
to successfully commercialize Namzaric or Namenda XR in the U.S., or if either we or Forest experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources into the development of ADS-5102, an oral once-daily
controlled-release version of the FDA-approved drug amantadine, and Namzaric, a fixed-dose combination of the FDA-approved drugs memantine and donepezil. Namzaric has been exclusively licensed to
Forest in the United States. In addition, we have granted Forest a royalty-bearing license under certain of our patents to commercialize Namenda XR, a controlled-release version of memantine, in the
United States. Our ability to generate product and royalty revenue will depend heavily on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of ADS-5102 and successful
commercialization of Namzaric and Namenda XR. Under the terms of our license agreement with Forest, we will not be entitled to receive royalty payments on the sale of Namenda XR until June 2018 and
royalty payments on the sale of Namzaric until the first half of 2020, five years after its expected launch. The success of these drugs will depend on numerous factors,
including: • successfully completing clinical studies for ADS-5102; • receiving marketing approval for ADS-5102 from the FDA and, to a lesser extent, similar regulatory authorities outside the United
States for our product candidates; • establishing commercial manufacturing arrangements with third parties; • launching commercial sales of any of the product candidates that may be approved; • the medical community and patients accepting any approved product; • the placement of any approved products on payors' formulary tiers and the reimbursement rates established for the approved products; • effectively competing with other therapies; • any approved products continuing to have an acceptable safety profile following approval; and • obtaining, maintaining, enforcing, and defending intellectual property rights and claims. If
we or Forest do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our product
candidates, which would materially harm our business. Forest's
ability to successfully commercialize Namzaric and Namenda XR will depend in part on its ability to transition patients currently being prescribed the immediate-release version
of memantine, known as Namenda IR, to Namenda XR and subsequently or directly to Namzaric. The Attorney General of the State of New York has filed a lawsuit against Forest and Actavis challenging
Forest's announced plan to discontinue sales of Namenda IR in the fall of 2014 and seeking to require Forest and Actavis to, among other things, continue selling Namenda IR until generic memantine is
commercially available, expected to occur in the second half of 2015. If this litigation or other factors negatively impact Forest's ability to successfully commercialize Namenda XR or Namzaric, our
future royalty income could be materially adversely affected. 34 Table of Contents ADS-5102 is our only product candidate in clinical trials, and we cannot give any assurance that the
Phase 3 clinical trials or development program will be successful or completed in a timely or effective manner. If clinical studies of ADS-5102 or our other product candidates fail to
demonstrate sufficient safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States or do not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur
additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. Our failure to successfully complete our
Phase 3 registration trials for ADS-5102, or otherwise adequately demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of this product candidate will prevent us from receiving regulatory approval and would
have a material and adverse impact on our business. ADS-5102 is our only product candidate in clinical trials. Before obtaining regulatory approval for the sale of our product candidates,
we must conduct extensive clinical studies to
demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates in humans. Clinical studies are expensive, are difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and are uncertain as to
outcome. A failure of one or more of our clinical studies could occur at any stage of testing. The outcome of preclinical testing and early clinical studies may not be predictive of the success of
later clinical studies, and interim results of a clinical study do not necessarily predict final results. For example, the successful results of our Phase 2/3 study of ADS-5102 for the
treatment of LID, including the lack of difference from placebo in the incidence of sleep-related adverse events or other safety measures, may not be repeated in our Phase 3 registration
trials. Furthermore, as the design of our Phase 3 registration trials differ in a number of respects from our Phase 2/3 study, including longer study periods, and the results, such as
the reduction in LID compared to baseline prior to the administration of ADS-5102, may vary. This observed benefit from our Phase 2/3 study may prove to be inconclusive or negative in our
Phase 3 results if the duration of response, or other efficacy measure, decreases over time or patients are found to require increasing doses of ADS-5102 to achieve equivalent therapeutic
benefits, as may be the case with levodopa in some patients. As the prevalence of Parkinson's disease increases with age, there may also be worsening of Parkinson's disease symptoms of the patients,
or other safety issues that arise whether related or unrelated to ADS-5102, that may negatively affect the Phase 3 registration trial results. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical
industry have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials, even in advanced clinical trials after showing promising results in earlier clinical trials. A 2009 study completed by the Tufts Center
for the Study of Drug Development estimated that less than 47% of certain CNS drugs in Phase 3 clinical trials proceeded to regulatory review. We
expect to announce top line results from the first of our Phase 3 registration trials, EASE LID, by the first quarter of 2016, with the results from the remaining trials later
in 2016. If the data from any of our Phase 3 registration trials fail to adequately demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of ADS-5102, we may not be able to pursue or obtain regulatory
approval, which would have a material and adverse impact on our business. We
may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, clinical studies that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our
product candidates, including that: • clinical studies of our product candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require
us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon product development programs; • the number of patients required for clinical studies of our product candidates may be larger than we anticipate, enrollment in these
clinical studies may be insufficient or slower than we anticipate, or patients may drop out of these clinical studies at a higher rate than we anticipate; • the cost of clinical studies of our product candidates may be greater than we anticipate; 35 Table of Contents • the conduct of the Phase 3 registration trials for ADS-5102 for LID may require more resources than we anticipate, as these
trials require the initiation and training of a large number of sites in the United States and Europe, compliance with a variety of foreign and domestic governmental regulations and new initiatives
and processes for which we do not have prior experience implementing; • our clinical sites and clinical investigators may fail to comply with, or inconsistently apply, the trial protocols, regulatory
requirements including Good Clinical Practices, contractual obligations and the rating assessments; • our patients or their caregivers may fail to comply with their treatment instructions or home diaries; • our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely
manner, or at all; • we might have to suspend or terminate clinical studies of our product candidates for various reasons, including a finding that our
product candidates have unanticipated serious side effects or other unexpected characteristics or that the patients are being exposed to unacceptable health risks; • regulators may not approve our proposed clinical development plans or may require costly modifications to such plans; • regulators or institutional review boards may not authorize us or our investigators to commence a clinical study or conduct a clinical
study at a prospective study site; • regulators or institutional review boards may require that we or our investigators suspend or terminate clinical research for various
reasons, including noncompliance with regulatory requirements; and • the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct clinical studies of our product candidates may
be insufficient or inadequate. If
we are required to conduct additional clinical studies or other testing of our product candidates beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete
clinical studies or other testing of our product candidates, if the results of these studies or tests are not positive or are only modestly positive, or if there are safety concerns, we
may: • be delayed in obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; • not obtain marketing approval at all; • obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended; • have the product removed from the market after obtaining marketing approval; • be subject to additional post-marketing testing requirements; or • be subject to restrictions on how the product is distributed, marketed, or used. Our
product development costs will increase if we experience delays in testing or approvals. Significant clinical study delays also could shorten any periods during which we may have the
exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which would impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates and
harm our business and results of operations. 36 Table of Contents Even if clinical studies demonstrate statistically significant efficacy and acceptable safety for a
product, the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States may not approve it for marketing. In 2014, we initiated our remaining Phase 3 registration trials including a separate open-label safety study of ADS-5102 for
LID. If these trials are successful, we intend to submit an NDA for ADS-5102 in that indication. It is possible that the FDA may not consider the results of these studies to be sufficient for approval
of the product candidates in their proposed indications. If the FDA were to require us to conduct additional studies of ADS-5102 to support the NDA for approval for the product candidate in its
currently contemplated indication, our business and financial results would be materially adversely affected. Our product candidates have never been manufactured on a commercial scale, and there are risks
associated with developing manufacturing and packaging processes and scaling them up to commercial scale. Our product candidates have never been manufactured on a commercial scale, and there are risks associated with developing manufacturing
and packaging processes and scaling them up to commercial scale including, among others, cost overruns, potential problems with process scale-up, process reproducibility, stability issues, lot
consistency, and timely availability of raw materials or equipment. Furthermore, we have no long-term contracts with any CMOs for ADS-5102, and there is no assurance we will be able to negotiate
contracts with one or more of these CMOs on acceptable terms or on a timely basis. These risks could delay an NDA for ADS-5102 and adversely affect regulatory approval of a product candidate. In
addition, even if we could otherwise obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate, there is no assurance that CMOs with which we contract will be able to manufacture the approved product to
specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities or to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product to meet potential future
demand. If our CMOs are unable to produce sufficient quantities of the approved product, our regulatory approval or commercialization efforts would be significantly impaired, which would have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Our product candidates, including ADS-5102, Namzaric, and Namenda XR are complex to manufacture, and
manufacturing disruptions may occur. Our product candidates, including ADS-5102, Namzaric, and Namenda XR all include controlled-released versions of existing drugs, and
some are combinations of existing drugs. The manufacture and packaging of controlled-release versions of existing drugs or combinations of existing drugs are substantially more complex than the
manufacture and packaging of the immediate-release versions of drugs alone. Even after the manufacturing process for a
controlled-release or combination product has been scaled to commercial levels and numerous commercial lots have been produced, manufacturing disruptions may occur. Such problems may prevent the
production of lots that meet the specifications required for sale of the product and may be difficult and expensive to resolve. For example, in November 2013, Forest recalled three packaged lots of
Namenda XR because Forest's dissolution testing revealed a failure to meet specification throughout shelf life. Namenda XR is one of the components of Namzaric, Forest's fixed-dose combination product
for treatment of moderate to severe Alzheimer's disease. If any such issues were to arise with respect to our product candidates or future products, if any, or if Forest's sales of Namzaric or Namenda
XR were to be negatively impacted by such issues, our business, financial results or stock price could be adversely affected. If generic manufacturers use litigation and regulatory means to obtain approval for generic versions
of products on which our future revenue depends, our business will suffer. Under the U.S. Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, the FDA can approve an Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, for a generic
version of a branded drug without the ANDA 37 Table of Contents applicant
undertaking the clinical testing necessary to obtain approval to market a new drug. In place of such clinical studies, an ANDA applicant usually needs only to submit data demonstrating that
its product has the same active ingredient(s) and is bioequivalent to the branded product, in addition to any data necessary to establish that any difference in strength, dosage form, inactive
ingredients, or delivery mechanism does not result in different safety or efficacy profiles, as compared to the reference drug. The
FDCA requires that an applicant for approval of a generic form of a branded drug certify either that its generic product does not infringe any of the patents listed by the owner of
the branded drug in the Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations , also known as the Orange Book, or that those patents are not
enforceable. This process is known as a paragraph IV challenge. Upon receipt of the paragraph IV notice, the owner has 45 days to bring a patent infringement suit in federal
district court against the company seeking ANDA approval of a product covered by one of the owner's patents. The discovery, trial, and appeals process in such suits can take several years. If this
type of suit is commenced, the FDCA provides a 30-month stay on the FDA's approval of the competitor's application. This type of litigation is often time-consuming and costly and may result in generic
competition if the patents at issue are not upheld or if the generic competitor is found not to infringe the owner's patents. If the litigation is resolved in favor of the ANDA applicant or the
challenged patent expires during the 30-month stay period, the stay is lifted and the FDA may thereafter approve the application based on the standards for approval of ANDAs. For
example, as of August 6, 2014, we had received notice that several companies had submitted ANDAs to the FDA requesting permission to manufacture and market generic versions of
Namenda XR, on which we are entitled to receive royalties from Forest beginning in June 2018. In the notices, these companies allege that the patents associated with Namenda XR, one of which is
owned by Forest, one of which is exclusively licensed to Forest by Merz Pharma GmbH & Co. KGaA, and others of which are owned by us and licensed by us exclusively to Forest in the
United States, are invalid, unenforceable, or will not be infringed by the companies' manufacture, use or sale of generic versions of Namenda XR. In January, February, April, May, and July 2014, we,
Forest, Forest Laboratories Holdings Ltd., Merz Pharma GmbH & Co. KGaA, and Merz Pharmaceuticals GmbH (together Merz) filed lawsuits for infringement of the relevant
patents against several of these companies that had then submitted ANDAs. The trial is scheduled for February 2016. Because these lawsuits were filed within the requisite 45-day period provided in the
FDCA, there are stays preventing FDA approval of the ANDAs for 30 months or until a court decision adverse to the patents. The 30-month stay for these ANDAs will expire beginning in June 2016.
In early November 2014, we, Forest, and Merz entered into a Settlement Agreement with Wockhardt Limited, one of the parties sued by us and Forest for infringement of our patents. Pursuant to this
agreement, Wockhardt received a non-exclusive license to make and sell its generic versions of Namenda XR starting March 23, 2026, which is two months prior to the expiration of the last to
expire of our relevant patents. In January 2015, we entered into settlements with additional parties on comparable terms to the Wockhardt settlement. For
various strategic and commercial reasons, manufacturers of generic medications frequently file ANDAs shortly after FDA approval of a branded drug regardless of the perceived strength
and validity of the patents associated with such product. Based on these past practices, we believe it is likely that one or more such generic manufacturers will file ANDAs with respect to Namzaric
and ADS-5102, if approved by the FDA, prior to the expiration of the patents related to those compounds. The
filing of an ANDA as described above with respect to any of our products could have an adverse impact on our stock price. Moreover, if any such ANDAs were to be approved and the
patents covering the relevant products were not upheld in litigation, or if a generic competitor is found not to infringe these patents, the resulting generic competition would negatively affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 38 Table of Contents Any product candidate that we are able to commercialize may become subject to unfavorable pricing
regulations, third-party coverage or reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, thereby harming our business. The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing, coverage, and reimbursement for new therapeutic products vary widely from
country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a product before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing
approval is granted. In some foreign markets, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might
obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product and negatively impact the revenue we are able
to generate from the sale of the product in that country. In particular, in many countries, including many major European markets, therapies that are based on existing generic drugs, such as Namenda
XR (memantine) and ADS-5102 (amantadine), or combinations of existing generic drugs, such as Namzaric, generally are not well-reimbursed. As a result, we anticipate that the commercial success of
Namzaric, Namenda XR, and ADS-5102, will be largely dependent on their success in the U.S. market. Our
ability to commercialize any products successfully in the United States will depend in part on the extent to which coverage and reimbursement for these products becomes available
from third-party payors, including government health administration authorities, such as those that administer the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and private health insurers. Third-party payors
decide which medications they will cover by placement on their formularies and at what reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry is cost containment. Third-party payors
have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that companies provide them with
predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot assure you that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we
commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain
marketing approval. If coverage and reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate that we successfully
develop and Forest may be unable to successfully market Namzaric or Namenda XR. There
may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for approved products, and coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the
FDA. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture,
distribution, marketing, and sale. Interim payments for new products, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary according to
the use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed and may be incorporated into existing payments
for other services. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private third-party payors and by any future relaxation of
laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. In the United States, private third-party payors often rely upon
Medicare coverage and reimbursement
policies and payment limitations in setting their own coverage and reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage, reimbursement and profitable payment rates from both government
funded and private third-party payors for new products that we develop, or products developed or marketed by Forest under our license agreement, could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products, and our overall financial condition. 39 Table of Contents If serious adverse side effects are identified during the development of ADS-5102 or any other
product candidates, we may need to abandon our development of that product candidate, which would materially and adversely harm our business. Our product candidate ADS-5102, along with our other earlier stage product candidates, are still in clinical or pre-clinical
development. The risk of failure during development is high. It is impossible to predict when or if any of our product candidates will prove safe and tolerable enough to receive regulatory approval.
For example, amantadine, the active pharmaceutical ingredient in ADS-5102, carries the risk of blurred vision, dizziness, lightheadedness, faintness, trouble sleeping, depression or anxiety,
hallucinations, swelling of the hands, legs, or feet, difficulty urinating, shortness of breath, and rash. These side effects may be the cause of the relatively low rate of acceptance of amantadine by
physicians and patients. Although we believe our controlled-release version of amantadine has reduced the risks of these side effects, thereby enabling higher doses, there can be no assurance that our
Phase 3 registration trials or future studies in other indications will not fail due to safety or tolerability issues. In such an event, we might need to abandon development of ADS-5102
entirely or for certain indications. If we are forced to abandon development of our product candidates, our business, results of operations, and financial condition will be materially and adversely
harmed. Safety issues with Namenda XR, Namzaric, or ADS-5102, or the parent drugs or other components of
Namenda XR, Namzaric, or ADS-5102, or with approved products of third parties that are similar to Namenda XR, Namzaric, or ADS-5102, could decrease the potential sales of Namenda XR, Namzaric, or
ADS-5102 or give rise to delays in the regulatory approval process, restrictions on labeling, or product withdrawal. Discovery of previously unknown problems, or increased focus on a known problem, with an approved product may result in restrictions on
its permissible uses, including withdrawal of the medicine from the market. The labels for Namenda XR and Namzaric both list potential side effects, such as headache, diarrhea, and dizziness. Side
effects have been observed in
clinical trial subjects taking ADS-5102, such as constipation, dizziness, hallucination, dry mouth, fall, confusion, headache, nausea, and weakness. If
we or others identify additional undesirable side effects caused by Namenda XR and Namzaric or by ADS-5102 after approval: • regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, contraindications, or field alerts to
physicians and pharmacies; • regulatory authorities may withdraw their approval of the product and require Forest or us to take our approved drugs off the market; • Forest or we may be required to change the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical trials, change the labeling of
the product, or implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy; • Forest or we may have limitations on how we promote our drugs; • third-party payors may limit coverage or reimbursement for Forest's or our drugs; • sales of products may decrease significantly; • Forest or we may be subject to litigation or product liability claims; and • our reputation may suffer. Any
of these events could prevent Forest or us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product and could substantially increase our commercialization costs and
expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenue from its sale. 40 Table of Contents Namenda XR, Namzaric, or ADS-5102 may also be affected by the safety and tolerability of their parent drugs or drugs with similar mechanisms of action. Although
memantine, which is a component of Namenda XR and Namzaric, donepezil, which is a component Namzaric, and amantadine, which is a component of ADS-5102, have been used in patients for many years, newly
observed toxicities or worsening of known toxicities in preclinical studies or in subjects in clinical studies receiving memantine, donepezil, or amantadine, or reconsideration of known toxicities of
compounds in the setting of new indications, could result in increased regulatory scrutiny of our products and product candidates. The FDA has substantial discretion in the NDA approval process and
may refuse to approve any application if the FDA concludes that the risk/benefit analysis of a potential drug treatment for a specific indication does not warrant approval. Thus, although the parent
drug for, or a drug related to, one of our product candidates may be approved by the FDA in a particular indication, the FDA may conclude that our product candidate's risk/benefit profile does not
warrant approval in a different indication, and the FDA may refuse to approve our product candidate. Such conclusion and refusal would prevent us from developing and commercializing our product
candidates and severely harm our business and financial condition. Following
consumption, Namenda XR, Namzaric, and ADS-5102 first are broken down by the body's natural metabolic processes, during which time the active drug and other breakdown
substances are released into the bloodstream. While these breakdown substances are generally regarded as safe, it is possible that there could be unexpected toxicity associated with them that will
cause Namenda XR, Namzaric, or ADS-5102 to be poorly tolerated by, or toxic to, humans. Any unexpected toxicity of, or suboptimal tolerance to, the product or product candidates could reduce their
sales of approved products and delay or prevent commercialization of our product candidates. In
addition, problems with approved products marketed by third parties that utilize the same therapeutic target or that belong to the same therapeutic class as memantine, amantadine, or
donepezil could adversely affect the commercialization of Namenda XR, Namzaric, and ADS-5102. For example, the product withdrawals of Vioxx from Merck and Bextra from Pfizer due to safety issues have
caused other drugs that have the same therapeutic target, such as Celebrex from Pfizer, to receive additional scrutiny from regulatory authorities. The marketing of ADS-5102, if approved, will be limited to use in the treatment of specific
indications, and if we want to expand the indications for which this product candidate may be marketed, additional regulatory approvals will need to be obtained, which may not be granted. We are currently seeking regulatory approval of ADS-5102 for the treatment of LID. If this product candidate is approved, the FDA will
restrict our ability to market or advertise the product for other indications, which could limit physician and patient adoption. We may attempt to develop, promote, and commercialize new treatment
indications and protocols for ADS-5102 in the future, but we cannot predict when or if the clearances required to do so will be received. In addition, we would be required to conduct additional
clinical trials or studies to support approvals for additional indications for ADS-5102, which would be time consuming and expensive, and may produce results that do not support regulatory approvals.
If we do not obtain additional regulatory approvals, our ability to expand our business will be limited. If our product candidates are approved for marketing and we are found to have improperly promoted
off-label uses, or if physicians misuse our products or use our products off-label, we may become subject to prohibitions on the sale or marketing of our products, significant fines, penalties, and
sanctions, product liability claims, and our image and reputation within the industry and marketplace could be harmed. The FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the marketing and promotional claims that are made about drug products, such as
ADS-5102, if approved. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses or indications that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies 41 Table of Contents as
reflected in the product's approved labeling. For example, if we receive marketing approval for ADS-5102 for the treatment of LID, the first indication we are pursuing, we cannot prevent physicians
from using our ADS-5102 products on their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such off-label uses prior to FDA approval for an
additional indication, we may receive warning letters and become subject to significant liability, which would materially harm our business. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal
fines against companies for alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. If we become the target of such an investigation or prosecution based on
our marketing and promotional practices, we could face similar sanctions, which would materially harm our business. In addition, management's attention could be diverted from our business operations,
significant legal expenses could be incurred, and our reputation could be damaged. The FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified
promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If we are deemed by the FDA to have engaged in the promotion of our products for off-label use, we could be subject to FDA prohibitions on the sale or
marketing of our products or significant fines and penalties, and the imposition of these sanctions could also affect our reputation and position within the industry. Physicians
may also misuse our products, potentially leading to adverse results, side effects or injury, which may lead to product liability claims. If our products are misused, we may
become subject to costly litigation by our customers or their patients. Product liability claims could divert management's attention from our core business, be expensive to defend, and result in
sizable damage awards against us that may not be covered by insurance. Furthermore, the use of our products for indications other than those cleared by the FDA may not effectively treat such
conditions, which could harm our reputation in the marketplace among physicians and patients. Any of these events could harm our business and results of operations and cause our stock price to
decline. We currently have no sales or distribution personnel and only limited marketing capabilities. If we
are unable to develop a sales and marketing and distribution capability, we will not be successful in commercializing ADS-5102 or other future approved products. We do not have a significant sales or marketing infrastructure and have no experience in the sale, marketing, or distribution of
therapeutic products. To achieve commercial success for any approved product, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization or outsource these functions to third parties. We expect that
the primary focus of our commercialization efforts will be the United States, and we intend to develop our own sales force to commercialize ADS-5102 and our other wholly owned future approved products
in the United States. Commercialization of ADS-5102 and other future approved products outside of the United States, to the extent pursued, is likely to require collaboration with one or more third
parties. There
are risks involved with both establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities and entering into arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example,
recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time-consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and
establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our
investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. In
addition, our existing arrangements for the commercialization of Namenda XR and Namzaric may not be successful and we also may not be successful entering into new arrangements with
third parties to sell and market our future approved products or may be unable to do so on terms that are favorable to us. We have and will in the future be likely to have little control over such
third parties, and any of them may fail to devote the necessary resources and attention to sell and market our products effectively and could damage our reputation. If we fail to appropriately
estimate the size of 42 Table of Contents sales
force required to market our products, our commercialization efforts will be adversely affected. If we do not establish sales and marketing capabilities successfully, either on our own or in
collaboration with third parties, we will not be successful in commercializing our future approved products. Our future products may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients,
healthcare payors, and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. Our future products may fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, hospital administrators, patients, healthcare payors,
and others in the medical community. The degree of market acceptance of our products, after being approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors,
including: • the prevalence and severity of any side effects; • efficacy, duration of response, and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; • the price we charge; • the willingness of physicians to change their current treatment practices; • convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; • the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; • the strength of marketing and distribution support; and • the availability of third-party coverage or reimbursement. For
example, the absence of approved therapeutics to treat LID may require us to educate healthcare providers and patients about LID. Delays in the establishment of clinical study sites and enrollment of patients in any of our
clinical trials could increase our development costs and delay completion of the study. Failure to timely enroll our Phase 3 registration trials for ADS-5102 and timely file our NDA for the
treatment of LID would severely harm our business. We may not be able to initiate or continue clinical studies for our product candidates if we are unable to locate and enroll a
sufficient number of eligible patients to participate in these studies as required by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. For example, location and enrollment of eligible patients may be
adversely affected by our inability to locate and activate clinical study sites at a satisfactory pace to meet our planned timetables. As part of EASE LID 3, we are planning to initiate clinical study
sites in several countries in Europe for which we have no prior experience and could significantly delay our trials and raise additional issues and complexities. Even if we are able to enroll a
sufficient number of patients in our clinical studies, if the pace of enrollment is slower than we expect for any reason, the development costs for our product candidates may increase, the completion
of our studies may be delayed, or our studies could become too expensive to complete. Enrollment of all of the Phase 3 registration trials for ADS-5102 is planned to be completed in 2015;
however, we cannot give assurance that we will be successful in meeting that timeline. The study design for our Phase 3 trials of ADS-5102 for the treatment of LID is placebo controlled,
meaning that a portion of patients will not receive treatment that may help control the symptoms of their Parkinson's disease. Because these symptoms are uncomfortable, a relatively long study period
may make it more difficult to enroll and retain patients in the trial. Failure to timely enroll our Phase 3 registration trials for ADS-5102 would in turn delay our ability to obtain data from
these studies. Even if successful, significant delays in the submission of the NDA currently planned for 2016 may severely harm our business. 43 Table of Contents We face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing, or
commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. The development and commercialization of new therapeutic products is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to our
current product candidates, and will face competition with respect to any products that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future, from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty
pharmaceutical companies, and biotechnology companies worldwide. For example, in the market for Alzheimer's disease treatments Namenda XR and Namzaric compete or will compete with generic products,
such as galatamine, rivastigmine, and donepezil, as well as branded products, such as the Exelon patch (Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp.) and Aricept 23 mg (Eisai Inc.). ADS-5102, if approved,
may face competition from various drugs approved for treatment of Parkinson's disease, though not LID, such as Azilect (Teva Pharmaceuticals
Industries, Ltd.), Requip XL (GlaxoSmithKline plc.), Mirapex ER (Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals Inc.), Neupro Patch (UCB, Inc.), Comtan (Novartis
Pharmaceuticals Corp.), Sinemet (Merck & Co., Inc.), Parcopa (Jazz Pharmaceuticals, Inc.), Apokyn (Bertek), Bromocriptine (Mylan Laboratories, Inc.), Zelapar
(Valeant Pharmaceuticals International), Eldepryl (Somerset Pharmaceuticals Inc.), Tasmar (Valeant Pharmaceuticals International), Cogentin (Oaks Pharma Akorn), Exelon (Novartis
Pharmaceuticals Corp.), Stalevo (Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corp.), Rytary (Impax), and Duopa (Abbvie). ADS-5102 may also face competition from drugs currently in development for LID from a
number of pharmaceutical companies, such as Merck, Novartis, Osmotica Pharmaceuticals, Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Newron Pharmaceuticals S.p.A, Neurolixis Inc, Amarantus BioScience, Addex Pharma, and
Neurim Pharmaceuticals Ltd. Other products in late stage development for Parkinson's disease includes product candidates from Kyowa Hakko, Acorda, Neuroderm, Acadia, Bial-Portela CSA, Biotie
Therapies Corp, Genervon Biopharmaceuticals, Pharma Two B, and Depomed. ADS-5102
may also face competition from generic versions of amantadine and from other controlled-release versions of amantadine that may be in development. One such competitor has posted
a notice on clinicaltrials.gov regarding conduct of two Phase 3 clinical trials of extended release amantadine for LID. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government
agencies, and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection, and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing, and
commercialization. Many of these competitors are attempting to develop therapeutics for our target indications. In addition, many of our competitors are large pharmaceutical companies that will have a
greater ability to reduce prices for their competing drugs in an effort to gain market share and undermine the value proposition that we might otherwise be able to offer to payors. Many
of our competitors, including a number of large pharmaceutical companies that compete directly with us, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and
development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing and selling approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the
pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early stage companies may also prove
to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These third parties compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified
scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical study sites, and patient registration for clinical studies, as well as in acquiring technologies and products complementary to, or necessary
for, our programs. Product liability lawsuits against us could cause us to incur substantial liabilities and limit
commercialization of any products that we may develop. We face an inherent risk of product liability exposure related to the testing of our product candidates in human clinical studies and
will face an even greater risk upon commercial sale of any 44 Table of Contents products
that are ultimately approved. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against claims that our product candidates or products caused injuries, we will incur substantial liabilities.
Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: • decreased demand for any product candidates or products that we may develop; • the inability to commercialize any products that we may develop; • injury to our reputation and significant negative media attention; • withdrawal of patients from clinical studies or cancellation of studies; • significant costs to defend the related litigation; • substantial monetary awards to patients; and • loss of revenue. We
currently hold $10.0 million in product liability insurance coverage, which may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur at our current stage of development.
Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive. If and when our product candidates are approved and we launch such products commercially, we may not be able to obtain insurance coverage at a reasonable
cost or in amounts adequate to satisfy any liability or associated costs that may arise in the future. We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail
to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we focus on research programs and product candidates for specific
indications. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource
allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and
product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If
we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through
collaboration, licensing, or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights. Risks related to our reliance on third parties We have entered into a license agreement with Forest with respect to Namzaric and Namenda XR, and
may enter into additional license or collaboration agreements. These arrangements may place the development of these product candidates and commercialization of any approved products outside our
control, may require us to relinquish important rights, or may otherwise be on terms unfavorable to us, and if our collaborations are not successful, these product candidates or approved products may
not reach their full market potential. As Forest substantially controls the intellectual property rights subject to the license agreement and accordingly, the current ANDA litigation and settlement
thereof, and has economic interests different from ours, Forest may manage the litigation and settlements on terms which may have a material and negative impact on our business. In November 2012, we entered into a license agreement with Forest pursuant to which we granted Forest a co-exclusive right to develop
and an exclusive right to commercialize fixed-dose memantine-donepezil products, such as Namzaric, in the United States, and granted Forest a license covering controlled-release versions of memantine,
such as Namenda XR. Under the terms of the license 45 Table of Contents agreement,
Forest substantially controls the commercialization of these products and the intellectual property rights subject to the license agreement, including the prosecution, maintenance and
enforcement of such rights. Collaborations involving our current or future products, such as our agreement with Forest, are subject to numerous risks, which may include that: • collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to collaborations; • collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of our product candidates or may elect not to continue or renew
development or commercialization programs based on clinical study results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability of funding, or other external
factors, such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; • collaborators may delay clinical studies, provide insufficient funding for a clinical study program, stop a clinical study, abandon a
product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical studies, or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; • collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our
products or product candidates; • a collaborator with marketing, manufacturing, and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to
or otherwise not perform satisfactorily in carrying out these activities; • we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; • Forest and future collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual
property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to
potential liability; • Forest and future collaborators may not aggressively or adequately pursue litigation against ANDA filers or may settle such litigation
on unfavorable terms, and as Forest substantially controls the current ANDA litigation and terms of settlement and has different economic interests than ours, Forest may grant licenses to generic
manufacturers that permit them to make and sell generic versions of Namenda XR substantially earlier than March 23, 2026, the starting date of the license granted to Wockhardt, the first party
to enter into a settlement; • disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that causes the delay or termination of the research, development or
commercialization of our current or future products or that results in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; • collaborations may be terminated, sometimes at-will, without penalty, such as with Forest, and, if terminated, may result in a need
for additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable current or future products; • collaborators may own or co-own intellectual property covering our products that results from our collaborating with them, and in such
cases, we would not have the exclusive right to commercialize such intellectual property; and • a collaborator's sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws resulting in civil
or criminal proceedings. In
July 2014, Actavis and Forest announced the completion of the previously announced acquisition of Forest by Actavis. We cannot predict whether this acquisition and subsequent 46 Table of Contents acquisitions,
including of Allergan, Inc. by Actavis, which is expected to close in the second quarter of 2015, will have a negative impact on our business, the pursuit of the ANDA litigation
and potential settlements thereof, or on the license agreement with Forest or the intellectual property rights subject thereto. We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform
satisfactorily, including failing to meet deadlines for the completion of these trials. We do not independently conduct clinical studies of our product candidates. Instead, we rely on third parties, such as CROs, clinical
data management organizations, medical institutions, and clinical investigators to perform this function. Our reliance on these third parties for clinical development activities reduces our control
over these activities, but does not relieve us of our responsibilities. For example, the FDA requires us to comply with standards, commonly referred to as Good Clinical Practice, for conducting,
recording, and reporting the results of clinical studies to assure that data and reported results are credible and accurate and that the rights, integrity and confidentiality of patients in clinical
studies are protected, even though we are not in control of these processes. These third parties may also have relationships with other entities, some of which may be our competitors. If these third
parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines, or conduct our clinical studies in accordance with regulatory requirements or our stated protocols, we will not
be able to obtain, or may be delayed in obtaining, regulatory approvals for our product candidates and will not be able to, or may be delayed in our efforts to, successfully commercialize our product
candidates. We
also rely on other third parties to store and distribute supplies for our clinical studies. Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future distributors could delay
clinical development or regulatory approval of our product candidates or commercialization of our products, producing additional losses and depriving us of potential product revenue. We rely on third-party contract manufacturing organizations to manufacture and supply our product
candidates for us. If one of our suppliers or manufacturers fails to perform adequately or fulfill our needs, we may be required to incur significant costs and devote significant efforts to find new
suppliers or manufacturers. We may also face delays in the development and commercialization of our product candidates. We currently have limited experience in, and we do not own facilities for, clinical-scale manufacturing of our product candidates and
we rely upon third-party contract manufacturing organizations to manufacture and supply drug product for our clinical studies. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products in compliance with the FDA's
current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMPs, requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls.
Manufacturers of pharmaceutical products often encounter difficulties in production, including difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including stability of the product
candidate and quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced cGMP requirements, other federal and state regulatory requirements, and foreign
regulations. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties or otherwise fail to comply with their obligations to us or under applicable regulations, our ability to provide study
drugs in our clinical trials would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical study materials could delay the completion of our clinical studies, increase the costs associated
with maintaining our clinical study programs and, depending upon the period of delay,
require us to commence new studies at significant additional expense or terminate the studies completely. All
manufacturers of our product candidates must comply with cGMP requirements enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection program. These requirements include, among other
things, quality control, quality assurance, and the maintenance of records and documentation. Manufacturers of our product candidates may be unable to comply with these cGMP requirements and with
other 47 Table of Contents FDA,
state and foreign regulatory requirements. The FDA or similar foreign regulatory agencies may also implement new standards at any time, or change their interpretation and enforcement of existing
standards for manufacture, packaging, or testing of products. We have little control over our manufacturers' compliance with these regulations and standards. A failure to comply with these
requirements may result in fines and civil penalties, suspension of production, suspension or delay in product approval, product seizure or recall, or withdrawal of product approval. If the safety of
any product supplied is compromised due to our manufacturers' failure to adhere to applicable laws or for other reasons, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully
commercialize our products and we may be held liable for any injuries sustained as a result. Any of these factors could cause a delay of clinical studies, regulatory submissions, approvals or
commercialization of our product candidates, entail higher costs, or impair our reputation. We
currently rely on single source suppliers for each of our product candidates under a development agreement. We do not have long-term supply agreements in place. We are currently
seeking to qualify and to enter into long-term contracts with at least one manufacturer to include in our anticipated NDA for ADS-5102. Although we believe alternative sources of supply exist, the
number of third-party suppliers with the necessary manufacturing and regulatory expertise and facilities is limited, and it could be expensive and take a significant amount of time to arrange and
negotiate acceptable long-term contracts, which would adversely affect our business. New suppliers of any product candidate would be required to qualify under applicable regulatory requirements and
would need to have sufficient rights under applicable intellectual property laws to the method of manufacturing the product candidate. Obtaining the necessary FDA approvals or other qualifications
under applicable regulatory requirements and ensuring non-infringement of third-party intellectual property rights could result in a significant interruption of supply and could require the new
manufacturer to bear significant additional costs, which may be passed on to us. Qualifying and negotiating long term contracts with manufacturers and providers of packaging services is a lengthy
process. If at any time, one or more of our qualified contract organizations were not able to manufacture our drug substance or provide the requisite services, our business and financial condition
would be materially adversely affected. Risks related to the operation of our business Our future success depends on our ability to retain our chief executive officer and other key
executives and to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel. We are highly dependent on our chief executive officer and the other members of our executive and scientific teams. Our executives may
terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of the services of any of these people could impede the achievement of our research, development, and commercialization objectives. We maintain
"key person" insurance for our chief executive officer, but not for any other executives or employees. Any insurance proceeds we may receive under this "key person" insurance would not adequately
compensate us for the loss of our chief executive officer's services. Recruiting
and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing, and sales and marketing personnel will also be critical to our success. We may not be able to attract and retain
these personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific
and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. In addition, we rely on consultants and advisors, including scientific and clinical advisors, to assist us in formulating our
research and development and commercialization strategies. Our consultants and advisors may be employed by employers other than us and may have commitments under consulting or advisory contracts with
other entities that may limit their availability to us. 48 Table of Contents We expect to expand our development, regulatory, and sales and marketing capabilities, and, as a
result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. As of December 31, 2014, we had 43 full-time employees. Over the next several years, we expect to experience significant growth
in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in sales and marketing. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to implement and improve our managerial,
operational, and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our
management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The
physical expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our
business plans or disrupt our operations. We are an "emerging growth company," and we cannot be certain whether the reduced reporting
requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an "emerging growth company," as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or the JOBS Act, which was enacted in April
2012. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not
emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to
lose that status earlier. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of our initial public
offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of
our common stock that is held by non- affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in
non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may suffer or be more volatile. Business disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase
our costs and expenses. Our operations could be subject to earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires,
extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics, and other natural or manmade disasters or business interruptions. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations
and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our corporate headquarters is located in California and certain clinical sites for our product candidates, operations of our existing and
future partners, and suppliers are or will be located in California near major earthquake faults and fire zones. The ultimate impact on us, our significant partners, suppliers, and our general
infrastructure of being located near major earthquake faults and fire zones and being consolidated in certain geographical areas is unknown, but our operations and financial condition could suffer in
the event of a major earthquake, fire, or other natural or manmade disaster. 49 Table of Contents Any future operations or business arrangements with entities outside the United States present risks
that could materially adversely affect our business. If we obtain approval to commercialize any approved products or utilize CMOs outside of the United States, a variety of risks
associated with international operations could materially adversely affect our business. If any product candidates that we may develop are approved for commercialization outside the United States, we
will be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, including: • different regulatory requirements for drug approvals in foreign countries; • reduced protection for intellectual property rights; • unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, and regulatory requirements; • economic weakness, including inflation or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; • difficulties in assuring compliance with foreign corrupt practices laws; • compliance with tax, employment, immigration, and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; • foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; • foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident
to doing business in another country; • workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; • production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and • business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters, including earthquakes,
hurricanes or typhoons, floods, and fires. Our internal computer systems, or those of our CROs, CMOs, or other contractors or consultants, may
fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our CROs, CMOs, and other contractors and
consultants are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war, and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we have not experienced any
such system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development
programs or commercialization efforts. For example, the loss of clinical study data from completed or ongoing clinical studies for any of our product candidates could result in delays in our
regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. While we back-up our internal computer systems periodically and store such data off-site, we can
offer no assurance that such off-site storage of data will allow us to continue our business without interruptions to our operations, which could result in a material disruption of our drug
development programs or commercialization efforts. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure
of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed. 50 Table of Contents Risks related to intellectual property Our ability to successfully commercialize our technology and products may be materially adversely
affected if we are unable to obtain and maintain effective intellectual property rights for our technologies and product candidates. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent and other intellectual property protection in the United
States and in other countries with respect to our proprietary technology and products. In some circumstances, we may not have the right to control the preparation, filing, and prosecution of patent
applications, or to maintain or enforce the patents, covering technology or products that we license to third parties or that we may license from third parties. Therefore, we cannot be certain that
these patents and applications will be prosecuted and enforced in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. In addition, if third parties who license patents to us or from us fail
to maintain such patents, or lose rights to those patents, the rights we have licensed may be reduced or eliminated. We
have sought to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our novel technologies and products that are important to our
business. This process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. In
addition, we may not pursue or obtain patent protection in all relevant markets. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it
is too late to obtain patent protection. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued which protect our technology or products, in whole or in part. In addition,
our existing patents and any future patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from using our technologies or from developing competing products and technologies. The
patent position of specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies generally is highly uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions for which many legal principles
remain unresolved. In recent years patent rights have been the subject of significant litigation. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights
are highly uncertain. Our pending and future patent applications may not result in patents being issued in the United States or in other jurisdictions which protect our technology or products or which
effectively prevent others from commercializing competitive technologies and products. Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other countries
may diminish the value of our patents or narrow the scope of our patent protection. In addition, the laws of foreign countries may not protect our rights to the same extent as the laws of the United
States. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not
published until 18 months after filing, or in some cases not at all. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we were the first to make the inventions claimed in our patents or pending patent
applications, or that we were the first to file for patent protection of such inventions. In addition, the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, might require that the term of a patent
issuing from a pending patent application be disclaimed and limited to the term of another patent that is commonly owned or names a common inventor. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity,
enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights is highly uncertain. Recent
or future patent reform legislation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued
patents. In March 2013, under the recently enacted Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or America Invents Act, the United States moved from a "first to invent" to a "first-to-file" system. Under a
"first-to-file" system, assuming the other requirements for patentability are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention
regardless of whether another inventor had made the invention earlier. The America Invents Act includes a number of other significant changes to U.S. 51 Table of Contents patent
law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications are prosecuted, redefine prior art and establish a new post-grant review system. The effects of these changes are currently
unclear, as the USPTO only recently developed new regulations and procedures in connection with the America Invents Act and many of the substantive changes to patent law, including the "first-to-file"
provisions, only became effective in March 2013. In addition, the courts have yet to address any of these provisions and the applicability of the act and new regulations on specific patents discussed
herein have not been determined and would need to be reviewed. However, the America Invents Act and its implementation could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our
patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. From
time to time, we may become involved in opposition, interference, derivation, inter partes review, or other proceedings challenging
our patent rights or the patent rights of others, and the outcome of any proceedings are highly uncertain. In December 2014, one of the parties involved in the pending Delaware litigation also filed
an inter partes review petition with the Patent Trial and Appeal Board of the Patent and Trademark Office requesting cancellation of claims of one of
our patents covering Namenda XR. An adverse determination in any such proceeding could reduce the scope of, or invalidate, our patent rights, allow third parties to commercialize our technology or
products and compete directly with us or Forest, without payment to us. Even
if our patent applications issue as patents, they may not issue in a form that will provide us with any meaningful protection, prevent competitors from competing with us, or
otherwise provide us with any competitive advantage. Our competitors may be able to circumvent our owned or licensed patents by developing similar or alternative technologies or products in a
non-infringing manner. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its scope, validity, or enforceability, and our owned and licensed patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in
the United States and abroad. Such challenges may result in the patent claims of our owned or licensed patents being narrowed, invalidated, or held unenforceable, which could limit our ability to stop
or prevent us from stopping others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our technology and products. Given the
amount of time required for the development, testing, and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are
commercialized. As a result, our
patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours or otherwise provide us with a competitive advantage. We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting, and defending patents on all of our product candidates throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive.
Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and, further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories
where we have patent protection but where enforcement is not as strong as in the United States. These products may compete with our product candidates in jurisdictions where we do not have any issued
patents, and our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from so competing. Many companies have encountered significant problems in
protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of
patents and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biopharmaceuticals, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of
competing products against third parties in violation of our proprietary rights generally. The initiation of proceedings by third parties to enforce our patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could
result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. 52 Table of Contents Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends upon compliance with various procedural,
document submission, fee payment, and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. The USPTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment,
and other provisions during the patent prosecution process and following the issuance of a patent. Our failure to comply with such requirements could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or
patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, competitors might be able to enter the market earlier than would otherwise
have been the case if our patent were in force. We may become involved in lawsuits or other proceedings to protect or enforce our patents or other
intellectual property, which could be expensive, time-consuming, and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe or otherwise violate our patents, trademarks, copyrights or other intellectual property. To counter
infringement or unauthorized use, we or our licensees may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. For example, in January, February, April, and May 2014,
we, Forest, Forest Laboratories Holdings Ltd., Merz Pharma GmbH & Co. KGaA, and Merz Pharmaceuticals GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits under Forest's patents and
patents owned by us and licensed to Forest, against several manufacturers of generic pharmaceuticals that have filed ANDAs with the FDA seeking approval to manufacture and sell generic versions of
Namenda XR. We anticipate that the prosecution of the lawsuits will require a significant amount of time and attention of our chief executive officer and other senior executives. In addition, in a
patent infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our
patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in the Forest litigation or any other litigation or proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or
interpreted narrowly. Such a result could limit our ability to prevent others from using or commercializing similar or identical technology and products, limit our ability to prevent others from
launching generic versions of our products and could limit the duration of patent protection for our products, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. A successful challenge
to our patents could reduce or eliminate our right to receive royalties from Forest. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property
litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In
early November 2014, we, Forest, and Merz entered into a Settlement Agreement with Wockhardt Limited, one of the parties sued by us and Forest for infringement of our patents.
Pursuant to this agreement, Wockhardt received a non-exclusive license to make and sell its generic versions of Namenda XR starting March 23, 2026, which is two months prior to the expiration
of the last to expire of our relevant patents. In January 2015, we entered into settlements with additional parties on comparable terms to the Wockhardt settlement. Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we or our collaborators are infringing
their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. Our commercial success depends upon our ability and the ability of our collaborators to develop, manufacture, market, and sell our
product candidates and to use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating, or otherwise violating the proprietary rights or intellectual property of third parties. We or our
collaborators may become party to, or be threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with
respect to our products and technology, including interference, derivation, re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review, 53 Table of Contents opposition,
or similar proceedings before the USPTO and its foreign counterparts. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and the proceedings may result in a loss of such intellectual
property rights. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex patent disputes and litigation more effectively than we can, because they have substantially greater resources. In
addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any disputes or litigation could adversely affect our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations.
Third parties may assert infringement claims against us or our collaborators based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. For example, in December 2013 Teva Pharmaceuticals
USA and Mayne Pharma International jointly initiated a lawsuit against Forest alleging that the manufacture and commercialization of Namenda XR by Forest infringes the plaintiffs' U.S. patent. Under
our license agreement with Forest we are obliged to indemnify Forest under certain circumstances and our royalty entitlements may also be reduced. Our indemnification obligation to Forest, while
subject to customary limitations, has no monetary cap, and our right to receive royalties from Forest may be eliminated in any calendar quarter in which certain third party generic competition exists.
If we or our collaborators are found to infringe a third-party's intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third-party to continue developing and marketing our
products and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive,
thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease commercializing the infringing technology or product. In addition,
we could be found liable for monetary damages. A finding of infringement could prevent us from commercializing our product candidates or force us to cease some of our business operations, which could
materially harm our business. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties could have a similar negative impact on our business. We may be unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, thus harming our business and
competitive position. In addition to our patented technology and products, we rely upon trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology, and other
proprietary information, to develop and maintain our competitive position, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, our collaborators, and consultants. We
also have agreements with our employees and selected consultants that obligate them to assign their inventions to us. However, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may
be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute such agreements, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who in fact conceives or
develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. In addition, it is possible that technology relevant to our business will be independently developed
by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. While to our knowledge the confidentiality of our trade secrets has not been compromised, if the employees, consultants or collaborators that are
parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation, and we could lose our trade secrets through such
breaches or violations. Further, our trade secrets could be disclosed, misappropriated, or otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. In addition, intellectual property
laws in foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If our trade secrets are disclosed or misappropriated, it would harm our
ability to protect our rights and adversely affect our business. 54 Table of Contents We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed intellectual
property of their former employers. Intellectual property litigation or proceedings could cause us to spend substantial resources and distract our personnel from their normal responsibilities. Although we try to ensure that our employees do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, and we
have no knowledge of any instances of wrongful use or disclosure by our employees to date, we may be subject to claims that we or these employees have used or disclosed intellectual property,
including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of an employee's former employer. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in
addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation, or other legal proceedings
relating to intellectual property claims may cause us to incur significant expenses, and could distract our technical and management personnel from their normal responsibilities. In addition, there
could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could
have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for
development activities. We may not have sufficient financial or other resources to adequately conduct such litigation or proceedings. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of such
litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or
other intellectual property related proceedings could adversely affect our ability to compete in the marketplace. Risks related to government regulation The regulatory approval process is expensive, time consuming, and uncertain and may prevent us or
our collaboration partners from obtaining approvals for the commercialization of some or all of our product candidates. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, import, export, marketing, and distribution of drug products are
subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the United States and other countries, which regulations differ from country to country. Neither we nor our collaboration
partners are permitted to market our product candidates in the United States until we receive FDA approval of an NDA. We have not submitted an application or received marketing approval for any of our
product candidates. Obtaining approval of an NDA can be a lengthy, expensive, and uncertain process. In addition, failure to comply with FDA and other applicable U.S. and foreign regulatory
requirements may subject us to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including: • warning letters; • civil or criminal penalties and fines; • injunctions; • suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval; • suspension of any ongoing clinical studies; • voluntary or mandatory product recalls and publicity requirements; • refusal to accept or approve applications for marketing approval of new drugs or biologics or supplements to approved applications
filed by us; • restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 55 Table of Contents • seizure or detention of our products or import bans. Prior
to receiving approval to commercialize any of our product candidates in the United States or abroad, we and our collaboration partners must demonstrate with substantial evidence
from well-controlled clinical studies, and to the satisfaction of the FDA and other regulatory authorities abroad, that such product candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses. Results
from preclinical studies and clinical studies can be interpreted in different ways. Even if we and our collaboration partners believe the preclinical or clinical data for our product candidates are
promising, such data may not be sufficient to support approval by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. Administering any of our product candidates to humans may produce undesirable side effects,
which could interrupt, delay, or cause suspension of clinical studies of our product candidates and result in
the FDA or other regulatory authorities denying approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. FDA
approval of an NDA is not guaranteed, and the approval process is expensive and may take several years. The FDA also has substantial discretion in the approval process. Despite the
time and expense exerted, failure can occur at any stage, and we could encounter problems that cause us to repeat clinical studies, perform additional preclinical studies and clinical studies, or
abandon development and commercialization of a product candidate altogether. The number of preclinical studies and clinical studies that will be required for FDA approval varies depending on the
product candidate, the disease or condition that the product candidate is designed to address, and the regulations applicable to any particular product candidate. The FDA can delay, limit, or deny
approval of a product candidate for many reasons, including that: • a product candidate may not be deemed safe or effective; • FDA officials may not find the data from preclinical studies and clinical studies sufficient; • the FDA might not approve our or our third-party manufacturer's processes or facilities; or • the FDA may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations. If
any of our product candidates fails to demonstrate safety and efficacy in clinical studies or does not gain regulatory approval, our business and results of operations will be
materially and adversely harmed. Our competitors could obtain orphan drug exclusivity for their drug products in certain of our
target indications, which could delay any marketing approval of our drug product candidates in those target indications. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a drug product as an orphan drug if it is a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare
disease or condition. Generally, if a drug product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the drug
product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which may preclude the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug product for the same therapeutic indication. The
applicable period of exclusivity is up to seven years in the United States. If any of our competitors obtain orphan drug exclusivity for their product candidate in one of our target indications, the
marketing application for our drug product in that target indication could be delayed for so long as the competitor has orphan drug exclusivity for its product. 56 Table of Contents If the FDA does not conclude our product candidates satisfy the requirements for approval under the
Section 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway, or if the requirements for approval under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect, the approval pathway for our products will likely take
significantly longer, cost significantly more, and entail significantly greater complications and risks than anticipated, and in any case may not be successful. We are developing our current and future product candidates, including ADS-5102, with the expectation that they will be eligible for
approval through the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA allows an NDA to rely in part on data in the public domain or the FDA's prior conclusions
regarding the safety and effectiveness of an approved drug product. Consequently, use of the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway could expedite the development program for our product
candidates by potentially decreasing the amount of clinical data that would need to be generated in order to obtain FDA approval. If the FDA does not allow us to pursue the Section 505(b)(2)
regulatory pathway as anticipated, we may need to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information, and meet additional standards for product approval. If this were to
occur, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval for our product candidates, and complications and risks associated with regulatory approval of would likely substantially
increase. Moreover, inability to pursue the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway may result in new competitive products reaching the market more quickly than our product candidates, which would
adversely impact our competitive position and prospects. Even if we are able to utilize the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, there is no guarantee that utilizing this pathway will
ultimately lead to accelerated product development or earlier approval for ADS-5102 or any other product candidate that we may attempt to develop and commercialize. In
addition, a company obtaining an approved NDA through the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for a drug product whose active moiety is the same active moiety as that in a
previously approved drug (e.g. amantadine HCl) is entitled to three years of market exclusivity if clinical data (other than a bioavailability or bioequivalence study) is required by the FDA to
support its findings of safety and efficacy of the approved product. If a competing product were to be approved in our target indication through the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway and
granted three years of market exclusivity, and if the FDA were to find that our product candidate (e.g. ADS-5102) does not differ with respect to active moiety, dosage form and strength, route
of administration, and indicated use from the approved competing product, then approval of the marketing application for ADS-5102 in the target indication under Section 505(b)(2) may be delayed
for as long as a competitor has exclusivity. Even if we receive regulatory approval for a particular product candidate, we will be subject to
ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and subject us to penalties if we fail to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements. Once regulatory approval has been granted for a particular product candidate, the approved product and its manufacturer are subject to
continual review by the FDA and/or non-U.S. regulatory authorities. Any regulatory approval that we or our collaboration partners receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on
the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing follow-up studies to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product. In addition,
if the FDA and/or non-U.S. regulatory authorities approve any of our product candidates, we will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements by the FDA and other regulatory authorities
with regard to the labeling, packaging, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, tracking, and recordkeeping for our products. Further, manufacturers of our drug products are required
to comply with cGMP regulations, which include requirements related to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Additionally,
regulatory authorities must approve these manufacturing facilities before they can be used to manufacture our drug products, and these facilities are subject to continual 57 Table of Contents review
and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations. If we or a third party discover previously unknown problems with a product, such as
adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, a regulatory authority may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturer
or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market or suspension of manufacturing. If we, our product candidates or the manufacturing facilities for our product candidates fail to
comply with regulatory requirements of the FDA and/or other non-U.S. regulatory authorities, we could be subject to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions,
including: • warning letters; • civil or criminal penalties and fines; • injunctions; • suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval; • suspension of any ongoing clinical studies; • voluntary or mandatory product recalls and publicity requirements; • refusal to approve pending applications for marketing approval of new drugs or supplements to approved applications filed by us; • restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or • seizure or detention of our products or import bans. The
regulatory requirements and policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted for which we may also be required to comply. We cannot predict the likelihood,
nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or in other countries. If we are not able to maintain regulatory
compliance, we may not be permitted to market our future products and our business may suffer. Failure to obtain regulatory approvals in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our
products internationally. We may decide to commercialize ADS-5102, ADS-8704, and other future product candidates outside of the United States. To market our
future products in the European Economic Area, or EEA, and many other foreign jurisdictions, we must obtain separate regulatory approvals. Specifically, in the EEA medicinal products can only be
commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization, or MA. Before
granting an MA, the European Medicines Agency or the competent authorities of the member states of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the
basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety, and efficacy. We
have had limited interactions with foreign regulatory authorities. The approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional clinical testing, and the time required to
obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. Clinical studies conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries. Approval by the FDA
does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one or more foreign regulatory authorities does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign
countries or by the FDA. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in others. The foreign regulatory approval
process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. We may not be able to file for regulatory
approvals and even if we file we may not 58 Table of Contents receive
necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. If we are unable to obtain non-U.S. regulatory approval to market our product candidates in other countries, we may not be able
to achieve the financial results we project and our stock price could decline. Healthcare reform measures could hinder or prevent our product candidates' commercial success. In the United States, there have been and we expect there will continue to be a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the
healthcare system that could affect our future revenue and profitability and the future revenue and profitability of our potential customers. Federal and state lawmakers regularly propose and, at
times, enact legislation that would result in significant changes to the healthcare system, some of which are intended to contain or reduce the costs of medical products and services. For example, one
of the most significant healthcare reform measures in decades, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act, or,
collectively, the PPACA, was enacted in 2010. The
PPACA contains a number of provisions, including those governing enrollment in federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes and fraud and abuse measures, all of which will
impact existing government healthcare programs and will result in the development of new programs. The PPACA, among other things: • imposes a non-deductible annual fee on entities that manufacture or import certain branded prescription drugs; • increases the minimum level of Medicaid rebates payable by manufacturers of brand-name drugs from 15.1% to 23.1%; • requires collection of rebates for drugs paid by Medicaid managed care organizations; and • provides for a new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, in which manufacturers must agree to offer 50% point-of-sale
discounts off negotiated prices of applicable branded drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer's outpatient drugs to be covered under
Medicare Part D. While
the U.S. Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of most elements of the PPACA in June 2012, other legal challenges are still pending final adjudication in several
jurisdictions. In addition, Congress has also proposed a number of legislative initiatives, including possible repeal of the PPACA. At this time, it remains unclear whether there will be any changes
made to the PPACA, whether to certain provisions or its entirety. We can provide no assurance that the PPACA, as currently enacted or as amended in the future, will not adversely affect our business
and financial results, and we cannot predict how future federal or state legislative or administrative changes relating to healthcare reform will affect our business. The
continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations, and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may, among
other things, adversely affect: • our ability to set a price we believe is fair for our products; • our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; and • the availability of capital. If we fail to comply with healthcare regulations, we could face substantial penalties and our
business, operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Certain federal and state healthcare laws and regulations pertaining to fraud and abuse and patients' rights are and will be applicable
to our business. We could be subject to healthcare fraud and 59 Table of Contents abuse
and patient privacy regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. The regulations that may affect our ability to operate
include: • the federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving, or
providing any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual
for, or the purchase, order, lease, or recommendation of, any good, facility, item, or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under federal healthcare programs, such as the
Medicare and Medicaid programs; • the federal false claims laws and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from
knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment or approval, or knowingly using false statements, to obtain payment from the federal government, and which may
apply to entities like us which provide coding and billing advice to customers; • the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, which created new federal criminal statutes that
prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or
promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and
willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare
benefits, items, or services relating to healthcare matters; • the federal physician self-referral law, commonly known as the Stark Law, which prohibits a physician from making a referral to an
entity for certain designated health services reimbursed by Medicare or Medicaid if the physician or a member of the physician's family has a financial relationship with the entity, and which also
prohibits the submission of any claims for reimbursement for designated health services furnished pursuant to a prohibited referral; • the federal transparency requirements under the PPACA require manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologicals, and medical supplies for
which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid, or the Children's Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or
HHS, information related to physician payments and other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists, and chiropractors) and teaching
hospitals, as well as certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; • HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, or HITECH, and their respective
implementing regulations, which governs the conduct of certain electronic healthcare transactions and protects the security and privacy of protected health information; and • state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback, false claims, and transparency laws, which may be
broader in scope and apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers. The
PPACA, among other things, amended the intent standard of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and criminal healthcare fraud statutes to a stricter standard such that a person or entity
no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the PPACA codified case law that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation
of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act. 60 Table of Contents If
our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil,
criminal and/or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages,
reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our
financial results. Any action against us for violation of these or other laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management's
attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal and state privacy, security, and fraud laws may prove costly. Risks related to ownership of our common stock Our stock price may be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial losses. Our stock price has fluctuated in the past and may be volatile in the future. The stock market in general and the market for securities
of specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a
result of this volatility, investors may experience losses on their investments in our stock. In
addition, the clinical development stage of our operations may make it difficult for investors to evaluate the success of our business to date and to assess our future viability. The
market price for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: • the success of competitive products or technologies; • results of clinical studies of our product candidates or those of our competitors; • introductions and announcements of new products and product candidates by us, our commercialization partners, or our competitors, and
the timing of these introductions or announcements; • actions taken by regulatory agencies with respect to our or our competitors' products, product candidates, clinical studies,
manufacturing process, or sales and marketing terms; • variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be comparable to us; • the success of our efforts to acquire or in-license additional products or product candidates; • developments concerning our collaborations, including but not limited to those with our sources of manufacturing and our
commercialization partners; • announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; • developments or disputes concerning patents or other proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters, and our ability to
obtain patent protection for our current or future products; • our ability or inability to raise additional capital and the terms on which we raise it; • the recruitment or departure of key personnel; • changes in the structure of healthcare reimbursement systems; • regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries, especially changes in laws or regulations applicable to our
current or future products; 61 Table of Contents • market conditions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology sectors; • actual or anticipated changes in earnings estimates or changes in stock market analyst recommendations regarding our common stock,
other comparable companies or our industry generally; • trading volume of our common stock; • sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; • general economic, industry, and market conditions; and • the other risks described in this "Risk Factors" section. These
broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Additionally, following periods of volatility in
the market, securities class-action litigation has often been instituted against companies. Such litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management's
attention and resources, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market by our existing
stockholders could cause our stock price to fall. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could
depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that sales may have on
the prevailing market price of our common stock. Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders have the ability to control or
significantly influence all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. As of January 31, 2015, our executive officers, directors and stockholders who own more than 5% of our outstanding common stock
beneficially owned approximately 67% of our common stock. These stockholders, acting together, are able to significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election
and removal of directors and any merger or other significant corporate transactions. The interests of this group of stockholders may not coincide with the interests of other stockholders. As a result,
if these stockholders were to choose to act together, they would be able to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, as well as our management and
affairs. For example, these stockholders, if they choose to act together, will control or significantly influence the election of directors and approval of any merger, consolidation or sale of all or
substantially all of our assets. This concentration of voting power could delay or prevent an acquisition of our company on terms that other stockholders may desire. We are incurring significant increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our
management is now required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. As a public company, we are incurring significant legal, accounting, and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In
addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and rules of the SEC and those of NASDAQ Global Market, or NASDAQ, have imposed various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and
maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls. Our management and other personnel now need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules
and regulations have increased our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations make it more difficult
and more expensive for us to maintain our director and officer 62 Table of Contents liability
insurance. We estimate the additional costs we expect to incur as a result of being a public company to be approximately $2 million annually. The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must
perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal control over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting,
as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, beginning with this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2014. In addition, we will be required
to have our independent registered public accounting firm attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting beginning with our annual report on Form 10-K following
the date on which we are no longer an emerging growth company. Our compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend
significant management efforts. We currently do not have an internal audit group, and we will need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and
technical accounting knowledge. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify
deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or
investigations by NASDAQ, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. Our
ability to successfully comply with Section 404 requires us to be able to prepare timely and accurate financial statements. We expect that we will need to continue to improve
existing, and implement new operational and financial systems, procedures, and controls to manage our business effectively. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, new
or enhanced systems, procedures, or controls may cause our operations to suffer and we may be unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective and to obtain an
unqualified report on internal controls from our auditors as required under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. This, in turn, could have an adverse impact on trading prices for our common
stock and could adversely affect our ability to access the capital markets. An active trading market for our common stock may not be maintained. Our stock is currently traded on NASDAQ, but we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain an active trading market on
NASDAQ or any other exchange in the future. If an active market for our common stock is not maintained, it may be difficult for our stockholders to sell shares without depressing the market price for
the shares or at all. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research, about us or our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock depends, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish
about us or our business. Securities and industry analysts may cease to publish research on our company at any time in their discretion. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company
or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. In addition, if one or more of the analysts who cover
us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If our operating results fail to meet the forecast of analysts, our stock
price will likely decline. 63 Table of Contents Provisions in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us
more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Provisions in our corporate charter and our bylaws may discourage, delay, or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control
of us that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares. These provisions could also limit the price that
investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any
attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Because our board of directors is
responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt by our stockholders to replace current members of our management team. Among others,
these provisions include that: • our board of directors is divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms, which may delay or prevent a change of our
management or a change in control; • our board of directors has the right to expand the size of our board of directors and to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by
the expansion of the board of directors or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our board of directors; • our stockholders may not act by written consent or call special stockholders' meetings; as a result, a holder, or holders, controlling
a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain actions other than at annual stockholders' meetings or special stockholders' meetings called by the board of directors or the chairman
of the board and chief executive officer; • our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority
stockholders to elect director candidates; • stockholders must provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate individuals for election to the board of
directors or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders' meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror's
own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and • our board of directors may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock, and the ability to issue
undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our board of directors to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire
us. Moreover,
because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns in
excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our
outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed manner. Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable
future, capital appreciation, if any, will be our stockholders' sole source of gain. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to
finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of existing or any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any,
of our common stock will be our stockholders' sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. 64 Table of Contents 