 Risks Related to Our Business and Strategy We have incurred net losses since our inception, and we may continue to incur net losses in the future and may never reach profitability. We have a history of losses, and we may not ever achieve profitability. We experienced net losses of $66.3 million, $47.6 million and
$56.1 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As of December 31, 2014, our accumulated deficit was $399.1 million. We expect to continue to incur operating losses as a result of expenses associated with
the continued development and expansion of our business. Our expenses include sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative costs. Furthermore, these expenses are not the only factors that may contribute to our net
losses. For example, interest expense on any debt that we incur in the future could contribute to our net losses. Any failure to increase revenue or manage our cost structure as we implement initiatives to grow our business could prevent us from
achieving profitability, or sustaining profitability if we do achieve it. In addition, our ability to achieve profitability is subject to a number of the risks and uncertainties discussed below, many of which are beyond our control. Failure to
become and remain profitable may adversely affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to raise capital and continue operations. We
have yet to achieve positive total cash flow, and our ability to generate positive cash flow is uncertain. To develop and expand
our business, we have made significant up-front investments in our manufacturing capacity and incurred research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative expenses. In addition, our growth has required a significant
investment in working capital over the last several years. We generated positive cash flows from operating activities of $6.6 million during 2014; however, we experienced negative cash flows from operating activities of $13.7 million and $25.9
million for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. 17 Table of Contents While we generated positive cash flows from operating activities for the year ended
December 31, 2014, we expect that for the foreseeable future our total cash flow will remain negative. In particular, we will need cash to fund our significant planned future capital expenditures to expand our manufacturing capacity. We will
also require significant amounts of working capital to support our growth and we will need to increase our inventories of raw materials and our products as we seek to grow our business. In addition, from time to time, we may have debt maturities
that will require cash in order to repay those obligations. We may not achieve sufficient revenue growth to generate positive future cash flow and, therefore, we may need to raise additional capital from investors to achieve our expected growth. An
inability to generate positive cash flow for the foreseeable future or raise additional capital on reasonable terms, if at all, may decrease our long-term viability. We are dependent on a sole manufacturing facility. Any significant disruption to this facility or the failure of either of our two production lines in
this facility to operate according to our expectation could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We currently operate only two production lines in one manufacturing facility, which is located in East Providence, Rhode Island. Our ability to
meet the demands of our customers depends on efficient, proper and uninterrupted operations at this manufacturing facility. In the event of a significant disruption to our sole manufacturing facility or breakdown of either production line, we
currently do not expect that we would have sufficient inventory in stock to meet demand until the production lines return to operation. Power failures or disruptions, the breakdown, failure or substandard performance of equipment, or the damage or destruction of buildings and
other facilities due to fire or natural disasters could severely affect our ability to continue our operations. In the event of such disruptions, we are unlikely to find suitable alternatives or may not be able to make needed repairs on a timely
basis and at reasonable cost, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. In particular, our manufacturing processes include the use of both high temperatures and flammable chemicals, which subjects us to a
significant risk of loss resulting from fire. We had occasional incidences of fires at our initial facility in Northborough,
Massachusetts that preceded our current manufacturing facility in East Providence, Rhode Island. If our manufacturing facility were to be damaged or cease operations, it may reduce revenue, cause us to lose customers and otherwise adversely affect
our business. The insurance policies we maintain to cover losses caused by fire or natural disaster, including business interruption insurance, may not adequately compensate us for any such losses and will not address a loss of customers that we
expect would result. If our sole manufacturing facility was damaged or destroyed prior to the commencement of operations at a second manufacturing facility, which we currently expect will commence during 2017, we would be unable to operate our
business for an extended period of time and our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected, potentially even threatening our viability. If we fail to achieve the increase in production capacity that our continued growth requires in a timely manner, or at all, our growth may be hindered
and our business or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Our continued growth requires that we increase our
production capacity. Consequently, we are actively engaged in the construction of a third production line in our manufacturing facility in East Providence and also plan to construct a second manufacturing facility to be located in the United States.
If, for any reason, including our inability to obtain financing, the third production line or the second manufacturing facility should fail to be completed in a timely manner, or at all, or any of the production lines in any future manufacturing
facilities do not operate according to our expectations, sales may be impeded, our growth may be hindered and our business or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 18 Table of Contents Many factors could delay or prevent the addition of a third production line or the construction
of a second manufacturing facility or cause us to reduce the scale or scope of the new facilities, including: • our inability to obtain financing on favorable terms, or at all; • design, engineering and construction difficulties or delays; • our failure or delay in obtaining necessary legal, regulatory and other approvals; • interruptions in the supply of the necessary equipment, or construction materials or labor or an increase in their price; • opposition of local interests; and • natural disasters, accidents, political unrest or unforeseen events. Many factors could
prevent the third production line or the second manufacturing facility from producing at their expected effective or nameplate capacity or could cause us to reduce the scale or scope of the new facilities, including: • design and engineering failures; • inability to retain and train a skilled workforce; • the challenges of operating significantly higher volume equipment at the planned second facility than currently employed at our existing facility in East Providence; • improper operation of the manufacturing equipment; • decreases in our manufacturing yields due to the inefficient use of the materials needed to make our products in our manufacturing process; • the availability of raw materials to support the levels of production that we anticipate at these facilities; • strikes or labor disputes; and • damage to the manufacturing equipment due to design and engineering flaws, construction difficulties or operator error. Any such expansion will place a significant strain on our senior management team and our financial and other resources. The costs associated
with and the resources necessary for our expansion could exceed our expectations and result in a materially adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If we are unable to complete the projects contemplated, the costs incurred in connection with such projects may not be recoverable. For
example, during 2013, we redesigned and reduced the planned scale of the third production line. As a result, we reviewed the construction in progress assets associated with the third production line and determined that $3.0 million had no
future use. In addition, we concluded that an additional $0.4 million of construction in progress assets were not utilized or functional. Accordingly, we recorded a $3.4 million impairment charge during 2013 related to the write-off of
construction in progress assets. A similar redesign or reduction in scale could affect the planned third production line or the second manufacturing facility and similar impairments of our assets in the future could harm our financial condition. If the expected growth in the demand for our products does not follow each of our planned capacity expansions, then our business will be materially
adversely affected. As we pursue our capacity expansion plans, we will incur significant capital expenses and increased levels of
manufacturing expenses in anticipation of expected growth in demand for our products. In particular, we expect that these substantial additional expenditures will be made by us significantly in advance of the existence 19 Table of Contents of the level of demand that would ensure the most efficient use of our planned new capacity. As a result, if the expected growth in demand for our products fails to materialize within a
reasonable amount of time following each of our planned capacity expansions, then we would suffer decreased levels of cash flow and our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. We will require significant additional capital to pursue our growth strategy beyond the construction of our third line in our East Providence facility,
but we may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms or at all. The growth of our business will depend on
substantial amounts of additional capital for construction of new production lines or facilities, ongoing operating expenses and continued development of our aerogel product lines. Our capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the
rate of our revenue growth, our introduction of new products and enhancements to existing products, and our expansion of sales and marketing and product development activities. In particular, our plans to construct a second manufacturing facility in
the United States are dependent on our ability to secure grants from state and local governments and to raise debt and potentially equity. There is no assurance of our ability to obtain any such type of financing on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, we may consider strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses or technologies to grow our business, which could require
significant capital and could increase our capital expenditures related to future operation of the acquired business or technology. We
may not be able to obtain loans or additional capital on acceptable terms or at all. Moreover, our loan and security agreement with Silicon Valley Bank under which we have the ability to borrow up to $20.0 million contains restrictions on our
ability to incur additional indebtedness, which, if not waived, could prevent us from obtaining needed capital. Any future credit facilities or debt instruments would likely contain similar restrictions. We may not be able to obtain bank credit
arrangements or effect an equity or debt financing on terms acceptable to us or at all in order to fund our future capacity expansion plans. A failure to obtain additional financing when needed could adversely affect our ability to maintain and grow
our business. A sustained downturn in the energy industry, due to lower oil and gas prices or reduced energy demand, could decrease demand for some
of our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Demand for a significant portion of our products and services depends upon the level of capital expenditure by companies in the energy
industry, which depends, in part, on energy prices. Prices of oil and gas have been volatile over the past several years, with a moderate increase throughout 2010, higher volatility from 2011 through the first half of 2014, and a significant
decrease in the second half of 2014. We expect that a continued decline in energy prices or a continuation of current lower energy prices will result in a reduction in capital expenditures by many companies in the energy industry, and in particular
by end-users of our products involved in the construction and expansion of offshore and onshore oil and gas production facilities. Sustained lower energy prices may also relax our end-users’ need to improve energy savings by using
premium-priced insulation products like ours, thus reducing demand for our products and causing downward pressure on the pricing of our products. A sustained downturn in the capital expenditures of our customers, whether due to a decrease in the
market price of oil and gas or otherwise, may delay projects, decrease demand for our products and services and cause downward pressure on the prices we charge, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Such downturns, including the perception that they might continue, could have a significant negative impact on the market price of our common stock. 20 Table of Contents The markets we serve are subject to general economic conditions and cyclical demand, which could harm our
business and lead to significant shifts in our results of operations from quarter to quarter that make it difficult to project long-term performance. Our results of operations have been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by general economic conditions and the cyclical pattern of
certain industries in which our customers and end-users operate. Demand for our products and services depends in large part upon the level of capital and maintenance expenditures by many of our customers and end-users, in particular those in the
energy, petrochemical and power generation industries, and firms that design, construct and operate facilities for these industries. These customers’ expenditures historically have been cyclical in nature and vulnerable to economic downturns. In particular,
profitability in the energy industry is highly sensitive to supply and demand cycles and commodity prices, which historically have been volatile; and our customers in this industry historically have tended to delay large capital projects, including
expensive maintenance and upgrades, during industry downturns. Customer project delays may cause fluctuations in the timing or the amount of revenue earned and our results of operations in a particular period. Prolonged periods of little or no
economic growth could decrease demand for oil and gas which, in turn, could result in lower demand for our products and a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. In addition, this historically cyclical demand and potential
customer project delays may lead to significant shifts in our results of operations from quarter to quarter, which limits our ability to make accurate long-term predictions about our future performance. We estimate that sales to end-use customers in
the energy industry accounted for approximately 96% of our 2014 revenues and we expect that they will account for a significant portion of our future revenues. Growth has placed significant demands on our management systems and our infrastructure. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to
execute our business plan, address competitive challenges and meet applicable product specifications and technical and delivery requirements. We may be unable to manage our growth. To manage our anticipated future growth, we must continue to: • improve our existing, and implement additional, managerial capabilities, manufacturing, sales and marketing, and engineering operations, research and development capabilities, regulatory compliance systems and financial
control and reporting systems; • expand our manufacturing and distribution facilities; and • continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. All of these measures will
require significant expenditures and will demand the attention of management. At certain points in the past, significant growth in demand for our products has put our management and manufacturing systems under strain. In addition, the physical
expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Furthermore, we compete for personnel and advisors with other companies and other organizations, many of which are larger and
have greater name recognition and financial and other resources than we do. Due to our limited resources, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and adequately train additional qualified personnel or
retain personnel. Any inability to manage growth could result in a loss of existing customers and revenues, delays in the execution of our business plans, and disruption of our operations. If we fail to achieve the necessary level of efficiency in
our organization as it grows, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be harmed. We allocate our operations,
sales and marketing, research and development, general and administrative and financial resources based on our business plan, which includes assumptions about current and future orders from customers. However, these factors are uncertain. If our
assumptions regarding these factors prove to be incorrect or if competing products gain further acceptance, then actual demand for our aerogel products could be significantly less than the demand we anticipate and we may not be able to sustain our
revenue growth or achieve profitability. 21 Table of Contents Shortages of the raw materials used in the production of our products, increases in the cost of such
materials or disruptions in our supply chain could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. The raw
materials used in the production of our products consist primarily of polyester and glass fiber battings, silica precursors and additives. Although we are not dependent on any one supplier, we are dependent on the ability of our third-party
suppliers to supply such materials on a timely and consistent basis. While these raw materials are available from numerous sources, they may be subject to fluctuations in availability and price. In addition, fluctuations in ethanol prices may affect
the cost of silica precursors. Our third-party suppliers may not dedicate sufficient resources to meet our scheduled delivery
requirements or our suppliers may not have sufficient resources to satisfy our requirements during any period of sustained demand. Failure of suppliers to supply, delays in supplying or disruptions in the supply chain for our raw materials, or
allocations in the supply of certain high demand raw components, could materially adversely affect our ability to meet our delivery schedules on a timely and competitive basis and results of operations. Most of our raw materials are procured through
individual purchase orders and not through long-term contracts that ensure a fixed price or guaranteed supply. This procurement strategy may not support sustained long-term supply chain stability. Fluctuations in the prices of these raw materials could have a material adverse effect on results of operations. Our ability to pass increases
in raw material prices on to our customers is limited due to competitive pricing pressure and the time lag between increased costs and implementation of related price increases. In particular, we purchase silica precursors from several suppliers, mostly pursuant to individual purchase orders and not pursuant to
long-term contracts. We do not have a secure, long-term supply of silica precursors. We may not be able to establish arrangements for secure, long-term silica precursor supplies at prices consistent with our current costs or may incur a delay in
supply while we seek alternative sources. Any inability to continue to purchase silica precursors pursuant to purchase orders, without long-term agreements in place, or to otherwise establish a long-term supply of silica precursors at prices
consistent with our current costs, would have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase our sales and achieve profitability. From time
to time we have had difficulty consistently producing product that meets applicable product specifications and technical and delivery requirements, and such difficulties could expose us to financial, contractual or other liabilities. Our insulation products are technologically advanced and require a precise and complex manufacturing process. Because of the precision and
complexity of this manufacturing process and the high-performance characteristics of our products, from time to time we have had difficulty consistently producing product that meets applicable specifications and technical and delivery requirements,
including our, our customers’ and the end-user’s specifications and requirements. The rapid growth in demand for our products has contributed to this difficulty by putting significant pressure on our management, our personnel and our
production facilities. See “Risk Factors — Growth has placed significant demands on our management systems and our infrastructure. If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, address
competitive challenges and meet applicable product specifications and technical and delivery requirements.” Any failure to meet
these product specifications or technical and delivery requirements could result in the termination of existing customer contracts or purchase orders, the elimination or reduction of future purchase orders, the impairment of customer relationships,
and the incurrence of financial, contractual or other liabilities. Products that do not meet these specifications or requirements may also expose us to warranty and product liability claims and associated adverse publicity. Any such termination,
reduction, impairment, liability or publicity could result in a broader loss of existing customers and revenues and delay the execution of our business plans, disrupt our operations and harm our results of operation and financial condition. 22 Table of Contents The market for insulation products incorporating aerogel blankets is relatively undeveloped and our
products may never be widely adopted, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. The market for insulation
products utilizing aerogel blankets is relatively undeveloped. Accordingly, our future results of operations will depend in large part on our ability to gain market share of the global energy infrastructure insulation market. Our ability to gain
market share in this market is highly dependent on the acceptance of our products by large, well-established end-users, distributors, contractors and OEMs. The energy infrastructure insulation market has historically been slow to adopt new
technologies and products. Most insulation types currently in use in these markets have been in use for over 50 years. In addition, there is a tendency of end-users in some of our markets to opt for the frequently lower short-term costs of
traditional insulation materials. If we fail to successfully educate existing and potential end-users, distributors, contractors and OEMs regarding the benefits of our aerogel products, or if existing users of our products no longer rely on aerogel
insulation for their insulation needs, our ability to sell our products and grow our business could be limited. In particular, because we
are still often a new supplier to our end-use customers, we may face concerns from these end-use customers about our reliability and our ability to produce our products in a volume sufficient to meet their supply needs. As a result, we may
experience a reluctance or unwillingness by existing end-use customers to expand their use of our products and by potential end-use customers to begin using our products. Our products may never reach mass adoption, and changes or advances in
technologies could adversely affect the demand for our products. A failure to increase, or a decrease in, demand for aerogel insulation
products caused by lack of end-user or distribution channel acceptance, technological challenges or competing technologies and products would result in a lower revenue growth rate or decreased revenue, either of which could materially adversely
affect our business and results of operations. Our products are expensive relative to other insulation products, which could make it more difficult
for us to grow our revenue and achieve broader adoption of our aerogel products. While we believe our products have superior
performance attributes and may sometimes have the lowest cost on a fully-installed basis or offer life-cycle cost savings, our competitors offer many traditional insulation products that are priced below our products. Our products are expensive
relative to other insulation products and end-use customers may not value our products’ performance attributes sufficiently to pay their premium price. This could make it more difficult for us to grow our revenue and achieve broader adoption of
our aerogel products. In addition, some of the benefits of our products are based on reduced installation time and related labor expense. In regions where labor costs are significantly lower than in the United States and Europe, the cost benefits of
reduced installation times may not be adequate to overcome the relatively high price of our products and may make it more difficult for us to grow our revenue in such regions. The energy infrastructure insulation market is highly competitive; if we are unable to compete successfully, we may not be able to increase or maintain
our market share and revenues. We face strong competition primarily from established manufacturers of traditional insulation
materials. Large producers of traditional insulation materials, such as Johns Mansville, Saint-Gobain, Knauf Gips, Owens Corning and Rockwool, dominate the insulation market. In addition, we face competition from other companies seeking to develop
high-performance insulation materials, including aerogel insulation. For example, Cabot Corporation manufactures, markets and sells a different form of aerogel insulation that is competitive with our products, particularly in the offshore oil and
gas sector for use in pipe-in-pipe applications. Many of our competitors are substantially larger and better capitalized than we are and possess greater financial resources. In addition, we are aware of competitors in China that manufacture and
market aerogel insulation products. Our competitors could focus their substantial financial resources to develop new or additional competing products or develop products that are more attractive to potential customers than the products that we
offer. 23 Table of Contents Because some insulation manufacturers are substantially larger and better capitalized than we
are, they may have the ability to sell their products at substantially lower costs to a large, existing customer base. Our products are expensive relative to other insulation products and end-use customers may not value our products’ superior
performance attributes sufficiently to pay their premium price. In addition, from time to time we may increase the prices for our products and these price increases may not be accepted by our end-use customers and could result in a decreased demand
for our products. Similarly, we may make changes to our products in order to respond to customer demand or to improve their performance attributes and these changes may not be accepted by our end-use customers and could result in a decrease in
demand for our products. These competitive factors could: • make it more difficult for us to attract and retain customers; • cause us to slow the rate of increase of our prices, delay or cancel planned price increases, lower our prices or discount our prices in order to compete; and • reduce our market share and revenues. Any of the above outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. A substantial portion of our revenue comes from sales in foreign countries and we may expand our
operations outside of the United States, which subjects us to increased economic, foreign exchange, operational and political risks that could increase our costs and make it difficult for us to operate profitably. A substantial portion of our sales are to shipment destinations outside the United States, including India, the United Kingdom, Taiwan, South
Korea, Brazil, Canada, Hong Kong, Singapore, Angola and Germany. Total revenue generated from outside of the United States, based on our shipment destination or research services location, amounted to $62.6 million or 61% of total revenue,
$55.9 million or 65% of total revenue and $43.5 million or 69% of total revenue, for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. As a result, we are subject to a number of risks, including, but not limited to: • labor rules and collective bargaining arrangements in foreign jurisdictions; • difficulty in staffing and managing (including ensuring compliance with internal policies and controls) geographically widespread operations; • the effect of applicable U.S. and foreign tax structures, including tax rates that may be higher than tax rates in the United States or taxes that may be duplicative of those imposed in the United States; • trade relations among the United States and those foreign countries in which our customers and suppliers have operations, including protectionist measures such as tariffs and import or export licensing requirements; • general economic and political conditions in each country, which may interfere with, among other things, our supply chain, our customers and all of our activities in a particular location; • difficulty in the enforcement of contractual obligations in non-U.S. jurisdictions and the collection of accounts receivable from foreign accounts; • different regulatory regimes in the various countries in which we operate or sell our products; • inadequate intellectual property protection in foreign countries; • the difficulties and increased expense in complying with multiple and potentially conflicting domestic and foreign laws, regulations, product approvals and trade standards, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices
Act and similar anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions, as well as the rules and regulations of the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control and similar sanctions laws; 24 Table of Contents • foreign currency exchange controls, restrictions and fluctuations, which could result in reduced revenue and increased operating expense; • transportation delays or interruptions; and • terrorist activity and political unrest, particularly given the use of our products at energy facilities. Sales of our products are generally conducted in U.S. dollars and we also bid for foreign projects in U.S. dollars. The recent strengthening
of the U.S. dollar against the local currencies in many of the countries into which we sell our products has resulted in our products becoming more expensive relative to competing insulation products priced in the local currency. If the U.S. dollar
remains at its current levels or strengthens further, our sales into foreign countries with relatively weaker currencies may be adversely impacted and we may be less competitive in bidding for projects in those markets. Our success will depend in large part on our ability to manage the effects of continued global political or economic uncertainty, especially
in our significant geographic markets. Because of our significant international operations we could be materially adversely affected by violations
of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws. We operate on a global
basis, with 63% of our product sales in 2014 being made to destinations outside the United States, including Canada, Mexico, Europe, Asia, South America and the Middle East. Our business operations and sales in countries outside the United States
are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and regulations, including restrictions imposed by the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, as well as the United Kingdom Bribery Act of 2010, or UK Bribery Act. The FCPA, UK
Bribery Act, and similar anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries and agents from making improper payments to government officials or any other persons for the
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate and sell our products in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery
and anti-kickback laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We train our employees concerning anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws and have policies in place that prohibit employees from making improper payments. We
continue to implement internal controls and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with anti-corruption, anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws, rules and regulations and mitigate and protect against corruption risks. We cannot provide assurance
that our internal controls and procedures will protect us from reckless, criminal or other acts committed by our employees or third-parties with whom we work. If we are found to be liable for violations of the FCPA or similar anti-corruption,
anti-bribery and anti-kickback laws in international jurisdictions, either due to our own acts or out of inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others, we could suffer criminal or civil fines or penalties or other repercussions,
including reputational harm, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. A
failure to comply with export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We may be unable to ensure that our distributors comply with
applicable sanctions and export control laws. We operate on a global basis, with 63% of our product sales in 2014 being made to
destinations outside the United States, including Canada, Mexico, Europe, Asia, South America and the Middle East. We face several risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including compliance with applicable economic sanctions laws
and regulations, such as laws and regulations administered by the United States Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, or OFAC, the United States Department of State and the United States Department of Commerce. We must also
comply with all applicable export control laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. Violations of these laws or regulations could result in significant additional sanctions including criminal or civil fines or penalties, more
onerous compliance requirements, more extensive debarments from export privileges or loss of authorizations needed to conduct aspects of our international business. 25 Table of Contents In certain countries, we may engage third party agents or intermediaries, such as customs agents,
to act on our behalf and if these third party agents or intermediaries violate applicable laws, their actions may result in criminal or civil fines or penalties or other sanctions being assessed against us. We take certain measures designed to
ensure our compliance with U.S. export and economic sanctions law and we believe that we have never sold our products to Iran, Cuba, Sudan or Syria through third party agents or intermediaries or made any effort to attract business from any of these
countries. However, it is possible that some of our products were sold or will be sold to distributors or other parties that, without our knowledge or consent, re-exported or will re-export such products to these countries. Although none of our
non-U.S. distributors are located in, or to our knowledge, conduct business with Iran, Cuba, Sudan or Syria, we may not be successful in ensuring compliance with limitations or restrictions on business with these or other countries subject to
economic sanctions. There can be no assurance that we will be in compliance with export control or economic sanctions laws and regulations in the future. Any such violation could result in significant criminal or civil fines, penalties or other sanctions and repercussions, including reputational
harm that could materially adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. We rely on sales to a limited number of
direct customers, including distributors, contractors, OEMs, and end-use customers for the substantial majority of our revenue, and the loss of one or more significant direct customers or several of our smaller direct customers could materially harm
our business. In addition, we understand from our direct customers that a substantial majority of their sales of our products are to a small number of end-use customers and the loss of one or more significant end-use customers or several of our
smaller end-use customers could materially harm our business. A substantial majority of our revenue is generated from sales to a
limited number of direct customers, including distributors, contractors, OEMs and end-use customers. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, total revenue from our top ten direct customers represented 63%, 65% and 59% of our
revenues, respectively. In 2014, a major Asian energy company represented 13% of our total revenue and a North American distributor represented 12% of our total revenue; in 2013, a North American distributor represented 15% of our total revenue and
an Asian distributor represented 11% of our total revenue; and in 2012, a North American distributor represented 13% of our total revenue. For each of the periods discussed above, there were no other customers that represented 10% or more of our
total revenues. Although the composition of our significant distributors, contractors, OEMs and end-use customers will vary from period to period, we expect that most of our revenues will continue, for the foreseeable future, to come from sales to a
relatively small number of direct customers. In addition, we understand from our direct customers that a substantial majority of their sales of our products are to a small number of end-use customers. Our direct customer concentration also creates accounts receivable concentrations and related risks. As of December 31, 2014, three of
our direct customers accounted for 17%, 17% and 11% of our accounts receivable, respectively. The substantial majority of our sales to
distributors are transacted on a purchase order basis. The contracts we enter into with our direct customers generally do not include long-term commitments or minimum volumes that ensure future sales of our products. In addition, we understand that
our direct customers’ contracts with end-use customers also generally do not include such commitments or minimums. Consequently, our results of operations may fluctuate significantly from period-to-period based on the actions of one or more
significant direct customers or end-use customers. A direct customer may take actions that affect us for reasons that we cannot
anticipate or control, such as reasons related to an end-use customer’s financial condition, changes in business strategy or operations, the introduction of alternative competing products, or as the result of the perceived quality or
cost-effectiveness of our products. Our agreements with these direct customers may be cancelled if we fail to meet certain product 26 Table of Contents specifications or materially breach the agreement or for other reasons outside of our control. In addition, our direct customers may seek to renegotiate the terms of current agreements or
renewals. The loss of, or a reduction in sales or anticipated sales to, one or more of our significant direct customers or end-use customers or several of our smaller direct customers or end-use customers could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to maintain our technological advantage over our competitors, our
business may be adversely affected. We are researching, developing, manufacturing and selling high-performance aerogel insulation
products. Rapid and ongoing changes in technology and product standards could quickly render our products less competitive, or even obsolete, particularly if we fail to continue to improve the performance of our insulation products. We are currently
developing new applications for our existing products as well as new aerogel technologies; however, we may not be successful in doing so and new applications or technologies may not be commercially useful. Other companies that are seeking to enhance
traditional insulation materials have recently introduced or are developing other emerging and potential insulation technologies. These competitors are engaged in significant development work on these various insulation products. Competing
technologies that outperform our insulation in one or more performance attributes could be developed and successfully introduced. We are
also aware of certain companies that have developed or are developing products using aerogel technology similar to our technology and these or other companies could introduce aerogel products that compete directly with our products and outperform
them in one or more performance attributes. As a result of this competition and potential competition, our products may not compete effectively in our target markets. Negative perceptions regarding the safety, quality or other attributes of our products or a failure or a perceived failure of our products could have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations and could make us unable to continue our business. Given the history of
asbestos as an insulation material, we believe that there is an elevated level of attention towards perceived health and safety risks in the insulation industry. As a consequence, it is essential to our existing business and to our future growth
that our products are considered safe. Even modest perceptions by existing or potential distributors, contractors or end-use customers in our target markets that our products are not safe could have a critical impact on our ability to sell our
products and to continue as a business. There is risk of an actual or perceived failure of our products or other negative perceptions regarding our products, such as perceived health hazards. For example, dust is produced by our products during
their installation and use, which increases the likelihood of the perception of hazard. Another example is the potential for material failure in very high temperature applications. Like most insulation products, our Pyrogel XT and XT-E products will
normally go through a controlled burn-in process immediately after exposure to high temperatures. If installed improperly, the burn-in may proceed too rapidly and the material may become damaged. Further, our competitors have in the past, and may in
the future, seek to perpetuate such perceptions. We are currently taking steps to educate our distributors, contractors, OEMs and end-use customers on the nature of our products and the proper installation procedures in order to mitigate these
risks. Such an event, or the perception of such an event, could quickly result in our direct and end-use customers replacing our products with traditional insulation materials which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our activities and operations are subject to numerous health and safety laws and regulations. If we violate such regulations, we could face
penalties and fines or be required to curtail or cease operations. We are subject to numerous health and safety laws and
regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. These health and safety laws and regulations apply to us including with regard to hazardous substances that we use in our manufacturing process and that certain of our products contain.
These hazardous substances include titanium dioxide and carbon black, each of which has been determined, in certain forms and at certain levels, to be possibly carcinogenic or otherwise harmful to humans. 27 Table of Contents Our processes also require the use of other regulated substances in raw material delivery and
manufacturing, including among others, ethanol. Applicable laws and regulations require us to obtain and maintain permits and approvals and implement health and safety programs and procedures to control risks associated with our operations.
Compliance with those laws and regulations can require us to incur substantial costs. Moreover, if our compliance programs are not successful, we could be subject to penalties or to revocation of our permits, which may require us to curtail or cease
operations of the affected facilities. In particular, the construction of our third production line in our East Providence facility have required and will require us to obtain and maintain new permits from various regulatory authorities and if the
issuance of such permits was delayed or denied, it would slow or potentially prevent the expansion of our manufacturing capacity. Violations of laws, regulations and permit requirements may also result in criminal sanctions, injunctions and the
denial or revocation of our various permits. While we use hazardous substances, including titanium dioxide and carbon black, in forms and
at levels that are subject to current rules and regulations, such rules and regulations may become more stringent such that we are required to modify our manufacturing process and such that our customers’ use of our products may be impacted.
Changes in the products or manufacturing processes may require the customers to perform an extensive re-qualification process, which our customers may not want to undertake for various reasons, resulting in the customer switching to competing
products. In addition, changes in our production or manufacturing process may result in uses above currently permitted levels. Such uses or changes in rules or regulations could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements may become more stringent or otherwise change. Any
such changes could require us to incur materially higher costs than we currently have. Our costs of complying with current and future health and safety laws, regulations and permit requirements, and any liabilities, fines or other sanctions
resulting from violations of them, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our revenue may fluctuate,
which may result in a high degree of variability in our results of operations and make it difficult for us to plan based on our future outlook and to forecast our future performance. Our revenue may fluctuate from period to period due to a wide variety of factors. Since we rely on sales to a limited number of direct
customers and end-use customers, changes in demand from one or more direct customers or end-users can significantly impact our revenue from period to period. In addition, the sales cycles for our products, including their qualification for use, are
long and can result in unpredictability in our revenues. We expect to have an increasing percentage of our products sold for use in capital projects, which orders tend to be larger and more sporadic, that will further increase this unpredictability
and the difficulty for us in forecasting quarterly or annual performance. Because of these factors, we have a limited basis on which to predict our quarterly revenue. Our profitability from period-to-period may also vary due to the mix of products
that we sell in different periods. These factors may result in a high degree of variability in our results of operations and will make it difficult for us to accurately evaluate and plan based on our future outlook and to forecast quarterly or
annual performance. Our results of operations could be adversely affected if our operating expenses incurred do not correspond with the timing of
our revenues. Most of our operating expenses, such as manufacturing facility expenses, employee compensation and research
expenses, are either relatively fixed in the short-term or incurred in advance of sales. In addition, our spending levels are based in part on our expectations regarding future revenues. As a result, if revenues for a particular quarter are below
expectations, we may not be able to proportionately reduce operating expenses for that quarter. Our reliance on sales to a limited number of direct customers and end-use customers, the length of our sales cycles and the potentially increasing
percentage of our products sold for use in capital projects each can cause sporadic demand for our products which would limit our ability to predict future sales. This limitation 28 Table of Contents could result in our being unable to reduce spending quickly enough to compensate for reductions in sales and could therefore adversely affect our results of operations for any particular
operating period. If we do not continue to develop and maintain distribution channels for our products and to meet our customers’ demand for
our products, our results of operations could be adversely affected. For a significant portion of our revenues, we rely on sales
to distributors who then sell our products to end-users in our target markets. Our success depends, in part, on our maintaining satisfactory relationships with these distributors. Our distributors require us to meet expectations of delivery, quality
and pricing of our products, at both the distribution channel level and at the level of the end-user of our products. If we fail to meet expected standards, our revenues would decline and this could materially adversely affect our business, results
of operations and financial condition. In addition, we have been unable at times to produce sufficient amounts of our products to meet demand from our customers and we may not be able to avoid capacity constraints in the future if demand exceeds our
expectations or we fail to bring into operation as planned the third production line at our East Providence facility or the second manufacturing facility to be located in the United States. If we are unable to deliver our products within such short
timeframes, we may be at risk of losing direct or end-use customers. Accordingly, shortfalls in sales could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. The qualification process for our products can be lengthy and unpredictable, potentially delaying adoption of our products and causing us to incur
significant expense potentially without recovery. Qualification of our products by many of our direct and end-use customers can be
lengthy and unpredictable and many of these direct and end-use customers have extended budgeting and procurement processes. This extended sales process requires the dedication of significant time by our personnel and our use of significant financial
resources, with no certainty of success or recovery of our related expenses. Furthermore, even after an extensive qualification process, our products may fail to meet the standards sought by our end-use customers and may not be qualified for use by
such end-use customers. Additionally, our continued process improvements and cost-reduction efforts may require us or the end-users to re-qualify our products. Failure to qualify or re-qualify our products may result in us losing such companies as
end-users of our products, which would cause a decrease in our revenue or revenue growth rate either of which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may enter into agreements that may limit our ability to broadly market our products or could involve future obligations, which could make it more
difficult for us to commercialize certain of our products and negatively affect our business and results of operations. In order
to commercialize our products, we may enter into commercial arrangements with distributors, OEMs or other customers. These agreements have contained, and may in the future contain, exclusivity, ownership and other terms that may limit our ability to
commercialize any products or technology developed in connection with such agreements, including in ways that we do not envision at the time of entering into the agreement. These agreements may contain technical specifications or minimum volumes
that must be achieved. However, these agreements may not obligate either party to make any purchases. As a result, our ability to commercialize products in a certain region or for a certain application may be limited and as a consequence our
business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We are exposed to the credit risk of some of our
direct customers, including distributors, contractors and OEMs, which subjects us to the risk of non-payment for our products. We
distribute our products through a network of distributors, contractors and OEMs, some of which may not be well-capitalized and may be of a lower credit quality. This direct customer network subjects us to the risk of non-payment for our products.
Although we have not experienced a significant incidence of non-payment for 29 Table of Contents our products, such non-payments may occur in the future. In addition, during periods of economic downturn in the global economy, our exposure to credit risks from our direct customers may
increase, and our efforts to monitor and mitigate the associated risks may not be effective. In the event of non-payment by one or more of our direct customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected. Our working capital requirements involve estimates based on demand and production expectations and may decrease or increase
beyond those currently anticipated, which could harm our results of operations and financial condition. In order to fulfill the
product delivery requirements of our direct and end-use customers, we plan for working capital needs in advance of customer orders. As a result, we base our funding and inventory decisions on estimates of future demand. If demand for our products
does not increase as quickly as we have estimated or drops off sharply, our inventory and expenses could rise, and our business and results of operations could suffer. Alternatively, if we experience sales in excess of our estimates, our working
capital needs may be higher than those currently anticipated. Our ability to meet this excess customer demand depends on our ability to arrange for additional financing for any ongoing working capital shortages, since it is likely that cash flow
from sales will lag behind these investment requirements. In addition, we plan to increase our inventory in order to meet our expected future demand. This would result in an increase in our working capital requirements that could harm our results of
operations and financial condition. Breakdowns, security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions of our information technology systems could
compromise sensitive information related to our business, prevent us from accessing critical information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business
information and that of our suppliers, customers and business partners, and personally identifiable information about our employees. We manage and maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site and off-site systems. These applications and data
encompass a wide variety of business critical information including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial information. The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information is vital to our operations and business strategy,
and we devote resources to protecting such information. Although we take measures to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to breakdowns, attacks by
hackers, viruses, breaches or interruptions due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions, or lapses in compliance with privacy and security mandates. Any such virus, breakdown, attack, breach or interruption could compromise our networks
and the information stored there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. We have measures in place that are designed to detect and respond to such security incidents and breaches of privacy and security
mandates, but there can be no assurance that our management or diligence efforts will prevent such breakdowns or breaches in our systems. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability
under laws that protect the privacy of personal information or other laws, government enforcement actions and regulatory penalties. Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also disrupt our operations, customer support services, research and
development activities, company financial information, various general and administrative aspects of our business and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. 30 Table of Contents We may incur significant costs complying with environmental, health and safety laws and related claims, and
failure to comply with these laws and regulations could expose us to significant liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Costs of compliance with regional, national, state and local existing and future environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could
adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations. We are required to comply with numerous environmental laws and regulations and to obtain numerous governmental permits in order to operate our facilities and in connection with the design,
development, manufacture and transport of our products and the storage, use, handling and disposal of hazardous substances, including environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and permits governing air emissions. We may incur significant
additional costs to comply with these requirements. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could be subject to civil or criminal liability, damages and fines, and our operations could be curtailed or suspended. In addition, certain foreign
laws and regulations may affect our ability to export products outside of the United States. Existing environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could be revised or reinterpreted and new laws and regulations could be adopted or become
applicable to us or our products, and future changes in environmental, health and safety laws and regulations could occur. These factors may materially increase the amount we must invest to bring our processes into compliance and impose additional
expense on our operations. Among the changes to environmental laws and regulations that could occur is the adoption of regulatory
frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which a number of countries, particularly in the European Union, have adopted, or are considering adopting. These include adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, restrictive permitting,
increased efficiency standards, and incentives or mandates for renewable energy, any of which could increase the costs of manufacturing our products and increase our compliance costs, which could materially adversely affect our business and results
of operations. In addition, private lawsuits, including claims for remediation of contamination, personal injury or property damage, or
actions by regional, national, state and local regulatory agencies, including enforcement or cost-recovery actions, may materially increase our costs. Certain environmental laws make us potentially liable on a joint and several basis for the
remediation of contamination at or emanating from properties or facilities we currently or formerly owned or operated or properties to which we arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances. Such liability may require us to pay more than our
fair share and could require us to address contamination caused by others. For example, the site of our East Providence facility contains certain levels of contamination caused by prior third-party activities on and near the site. Such contamination
remains in place under a state-approved deed restriction, and we are required to comply with such deed restriction and the accompanying soil management plan. In general, the deed restriction prohibits the residential use of the property and the use
of groundwater as potable water, and requires the maintenance of engineering controls and annual inspections to help prevent exposure to contaminated soils. The soil management plan requires us to notify the state environmental agency with respect
to any soil excavation, stockpiling, sampling and off-site disposal of excavated soil. Although we have not had to make material expenditures to satisfy these requirements to date, in the future, we may incur additional costs to comply with these
requirements and failure to do so could disrupt the operation of our facility or could subject us to liability for environmental remediation. We may incur liability relating to the remediation of contamination, including contamination we did not
cause. Furthermore, ethanol, one of the materials that we handle in large quantities in our manufacturing process is subject to additional laws and regulations including those administered by the U.S. Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau. While
we seek to comply with the stringent requirements of these laws and regulations, these laws and regulations are complex and are subject to interpretation. Any changes in these laws or regulations or changes in our manufacturing processes may require
us to request changes to our existing permits or obtain new permits. Any requests to change our existing permits or obtain new permits may be delayed or denied and may require us to modify our manufacturing processes, which could be costly and time
consuming and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 31 Table of Contents We may not be able to obtain or maintain, from time to time, all required environmental
regulatory approvals. A delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals or failure to obtain and comply with them could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may face certain product liability or warranty claims from our products, including from improper installation of our products by third parties. As a
consequence, we could lose existing and future business and our ability to develop, market and sell our insulation could be harmed. The design, development, production and sale of our products involve an inherent risk of product liability claims and associated adverse
publicity. We may be named directly in product liability suits relating to our products, even for defects resulting from errors of our distributors, contractors, OEMs or end-use customers. These claims could be brought by various parties, including
distributors, contactors, OEMs and other direct end-use customers who are purchasing products directly from us, or end-use customers who purchase our products from our distributors. We could also be named as co-parties in product liability suits
that are brought against the distributors, contractors, OEMs and end-use customers. Our products are often installed in our end-use customers’ complex and capital intensive facilities in inherently hazardous or dangerous environments, including
in the energy, petrochemical and power generation industries, where the potential liability from risk of loss could be substantial. The failure of our products to perform to customer expectations, whether or not because of improper installation,
could give rise to warranty claims against us. We are currently taking steps to educate our distributors, contractors, OEMs and end-use customers about the proper installation procedures to mitigate the risk of an uncontrolled burn-in for very high
temperature applications of Pyrogel XT and XT-E. However, installation of our products is handled by third parties over whom we have no control and errors or defects in their installation may also give rise to claims against us, diminish our brand
or divert our resources from other purposes. Any of these claims, even if without merit, could result in costly litigation or divert management’s attention and resources. In addition, many of our products are integrated into the final products
of our customers. The integration of our products may entail the risk of product liability or warranty claims based on malfunctions or hazards from both our products and the final products of our customers. A material product liability claim may seriously harm our results of operations, as well as damage our customer relationships and reputation.
Although we carry general liability insurance, our current insurance coverage could be insufficient to protect us from all liability that may be imposed under these types of claims. Insurance coverage is expensive, may be difficult to obtain and may
not be available in the future on acceptable terms or at all. Our distributors, contractors, OEMs and end-use customers may not have adequate insurance to cover against potential claims. This insurance may not provide adequate coverage against
potential losses, and if claims or losses exceed our liability insurance coverage, we may go out of business. In addition, insurance coverage may become more expensive, which would harm our results of operations. Our contracts with U.S. government agencies may subject us to audits, criminal penalties, sanctions and other expenses and fines. We perform contract research services for U.S. government agencies and our products are sold to customers that may incorporate them into
government projects. U.S. government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Department of Labor, routinely audit government contractors. These agencies review a contractor’s compliance with contract terms and
conditions, performance under its contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. The U.S. government also may review the adequacy of a contractor’s systems and policies, including a
contractor’s purchasing, property, estimating, billing, accounting, compensation and management information systems. Any costs found to be overcharged or improperly allocated to a specific contract or any amounts improperly billed or charged
for products or services will be subject to reimbursement to the government. As a government contractor, we are required to disclose to the U.S. government credible evidence of certain violations of law and contract overpayments. If we are
found to have participated in improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines 32 Table of Contents and suspension or prohibition from doing business with the U.S. government. Any negative publicity related to such contracts, regardless of the accuracy of such publicity, may adversely
affect our business or reputation. Our contracts with U.S. government agencies may not be funded by future appropriations and are subject to
modification or termination at any time prior to their completion. Our contracts with U.S. government agencies are subject to
the availability of appropriated funds. The U.S. government funds our contract research work through a variety of funding programs that rely on monies appropriated by Congress. At any point, the availability of funding could change, thus
reducing the opportunities for new or continued revenues to us from government contract work. Revenue from contracts with U.S. government agencies constituted 3.0%, 4.7% and 4.8% of total revenue in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. We expect that
our revenue under such contracts will continue to decline due to the recent trend toward tightening of federal spending guidelines and programs. In addition, under our contracts, the U.S. government generally has the right not to exercise options to extend or expand our contracts
and may modify, curtail or terminate the contracts at its convenience. Our government customers may not renew our existing contracts after the conclusion of their terms and we may not be able to enter into new contracts with U.S. government
agencies. Any decision by the U.S. government not to exercise contract options or to modify, curtail or terminate our contracts or not to renew our contracts or enter into new contracts with us would adversely affect our revenues. Our revolving credit facility contains financial and operating restrictions that may limit our access to credit. If we fail to comply with covenants in
our revolving credit facility, we may be required to repay our indebtedness thereunder, which may have an adverse effect on our liquidity. Provisions governing our revolving credit facility impose restrictions on our ability to operate, including, for some of the agreements and
instruments, but not for others, our ability to: • incur capital expenditures; • incur additional debt; • pay dividends and make distributions; • redeem or repurchase capital stock; • create liens; • enter into transactions with affiliates; and • merge or consolidate with or into other entities. Our revolving credit facility also contains
other customary covenants. We may not be able to comply with these covenants in the future. Our failure to comply with these covenants may result in the declaration of an event of default and could cause us to be unable to borrow funds under our
revolving credit facility. In addition to preventing additional borrowings under our revolving credit facility, an event of default, if not cured or waived, may result in the acceleration of the maturity of indebtedness outstanding under the
revolving credit facility, which would require us to pay all amounts outstanding. Such an event may also lead our lenders to exercise their security interest in our assets, including all of our real property and equipment at our East Providence
facility. If an event of default occurs, we may not be able to cure it within any applicable cure period, if at all. If the maturity of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds available for repayment or we may not have the
ability to borrow or obtain sufficient funds to replace the accelerated indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 33 Table of Contents If we lose key personnel upon whom we are dependent, or if we are unable to successfully recruit and retain
skilled employees, we may not be able to manage our operations and meet our strategic objectives. Our continued success depends to
a considerable degree upon the continued services of a small number of our employees with critical knowledge of our products, our manufacturing process, our intellectual property, our customers and our global operations. The loss or unavailability
of any of these individuals could harm our ability to execute our business plan, maintain important business relationships and complete certain product development initiatives, which could harm our business. In the event that any of these key
individuals leave their employment with us or take new employment with a competitor, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In addition, our continued success depends upon the availability, contributions,
vision, skills, experience and effort of our senior management, financial, sales and marketing, engineering and production teams. We do not maintain “key person” insurance on any of our employees. We have entered into employment agreements
with certain members of our senior management team, but none of these agreements guarantee the services of the individual for a specified period of time. All of the agreements with members of our senior management team provide that employment is
at-will and may be terminated by the employee at any time and without notice. Although we do not have any reason to believe that we may
lose the services of any our employees with critical knowledge of our products, our manufacturing processes, our customers and our global operations or any of our senior management, financial, sales and marketing, engineering and production teams in
the foreseeable future, the loss of the services of any of these individuals might impede our operations or the achievement of our strategic and financial objectives. The loss or interruption of the service of any of these individuals or our
inability to attract or retain other qualified personnel or advisors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could significantly reduce our ability to manage our operations and
implement our strategy. Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to limitation, which could result in a higher
effective tax rate and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We performed analyses pursuant to
Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Internal Revenue Code, as well as similar state provisions, in order to determine whether any limitations might exist on the utilization of net operating losses and other tax
attributes. Generally, a change of more than 50% in the ownership of a company’s stock, by value, over a three year period constitutes an ownership change for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An ownership change may limit a company’s
ability to use its net operating loss carryforwards attributable to the period prior to such change. Based on these analyses, we determined that it is more likely than not that an ownership change occurred on June 18, 2014 upon the closing of
our IPO, resulting in an annual limitation on the use of our net operating losses and other tax attributes as of such date. As a result, our prior net operating losses were limited to $155.2 million, including built-in gains of $42.0 million at the
date of that ownership change. The use of our net operating loss carryforwards may be restricted further in the event of any future changes in our ownership. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Our
inability to protect our intellectual property rights could negatively affect our business and results of operations. Our ability
to compete effectively depends in part upon developing, maintaining and/or protecting intellectual property rights relevant to our aerogel product forms, applications, manufacturing technologies and brand names. We rely principally on a combination
of patent protection, trade secret laws, confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements, trademark registrations, common law rights and licensing arrangements to establish and protect the intellectual property rights relevant to our business. However,
these measures may not be adequate in every given case to permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage, particularly in those countries where the laws do not protect our proprietary rights as fully as or where the enforcement tools are 34 Table of Contents weaker or less effective than those in the United States. In particular, since aerogels were developed approximately 80 years ago, there has been a wide range of research, development and
publication related to aerogels, which makes it difficult to establish intellectual property rights to many key elements of aerogel technology and to obtain patent protection. Accordingly, much of the general technology that we use in our
manufacture of aerogel blankets is not protected by patents. Where we consider it appropriate, our strategy is to seek patent protection
in the United States and other countries on technologies used in or relating to our aerogel product forms, applications and manufacturing technologies. As of December 31, 2014, we had 23 issued U.S. patents and 52 issued foreign patents,
including two U.S. patents and 17 foreign patents that we co-own with third parties. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its scope, validity or enforceability. Thus, any patent held by us or to be issued to us from a pending patent
application, could be challenged, invalidated or held unenforceable in litigation or proceedings before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, and/or other patent tribunals. Third parties could develop technologies that circumvent the
patent protection we have secured. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of patent claims has emerged to date in the United States and the landscape could become more uncertain in view of future rule changes by the USPTO, the introduction of
patent reform legislation and decisions in patent law cases by the federal courts including the United States Supreme Court. The patent
landscape outside the United States is even less predictable. As a result, the validity and enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. For example, we are aware of competitors that manufacture and market aerogel insulation
products in China, where it may be difficult for us to enforce our intellectual property rights against these or other competitors. In addition, we may fail to apply for patents on important technologies or product candidates in a timely fashion, if
at all, and our existing and future patents may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from practicing our technologies or from developing competing products or technologies, in particular given the long history of aerogel development.
Furthermore, third parties could practice our intellectual property rights in territories where we do not have patent protection. Such third parties may then try to import products made using our intellectual property rights into the United States
or other countries. Our strategy is to seek registration of trademarks for our brands in many, but not all of the jurisdictions in which we sell our products based on various factors, including our sales volumes in the jurisdiction, our ability to
enforce local laws and cost. Our strategy may not be adequate to protect our brands in all circumstances, especially in foreign jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2014, we had 18 pending U.S. patent applications and 32 pending foreign patent applications, including one
pending U.S. patent application and two foreign pending patent applications that we co-own with other third parties. Our pending patent applications are directed to various enabling technologies for the product forms, applications and manufacturing
technologies that support our current business, as well as aspects of products under development or contemplated for the future. The issuance of patents from these applications involves complex legal and factual questions and, thus, we cannot
provide assurance that any of our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us. The USPTO, relevant foreign patent offices and other relevant patent tribunals may deny or require significant narrowing of claims in our
pending patent applications. Patents issued as a result of any of our pending patent applications may not cover our enabling technology and/or the products or processes that support our current or future business or afford us with significant
commercial protection against others with similar technology. Proceedings before the USPTO could result in adverse decisions as to the priority of our inventions and the narrowing or invalidation of claims in issued patents. In addition, our pending
patent applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the United States, and thus foreign patent applications may not be granted even if counterpart United States patents are issued. 35 Table of Contents Patents covering technologies that are similar or superior to our technologies may be developed or obtained
by third parties. We may need to seek licenses to these technologies, which could limit our ability to manufacture our products and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Competitors or other third parties may independently develop and obtain patents covering technologies that are similar or superior to the
product forms, applications or manufacturing technologies that we employ. In such event, we may need to obtain licenses for these technologies. However, we may not be able to obtain licenses on reasonable terms, if at all, which could limit our
ability to manufacture our current and/or future products and operate our business. Our contracts with the U.S. government and other third
parties could negatively affect our intellectual property rights. To further our product development efforts, our scientists and
engineers work closely with customers, the U.S. government and other third parties to research and develop advancements in aerogel product forms, applications and manufacturing technologies. We have entered into agreements with private third
parties and have been awarded numerous research contracts with the U.S. government to independently or jointly research, design and develop new devices and systems that incorporate aerogel material. We also expect to enter into similar private
agreements and be awarded similar government contracts in the future. In some instances, the research and development activities that we conduct under contract with the U.S. government and/or with private third parties may produce intellectual
property to which we may not have ownership or exclusive rights and will be unable to protect or monetize. Moreover, when we develop new
technologies using U.S. government funding, the government may obtain certain rights in any resulting patents, technical data and/or other confidential and proprietary information, generally including, at a minimum, a non-exclusive license
authorizing the U.S. government to use the invention, technical data or software for non-commercial purposes. Federal government funding may limit when and how we can deploy our technology developed under those contracts. In addition, inventions
must be reported promptly to the funding agencies, the federal funding must be disclosed in any resulting patent applications, and our rights in such inventions will normally be subject to government license rights, periodic post-contract
utilization reporting, foreign manufacturing restrictions and “march-in” rights. March-in rights refer to the right of the U.S. government to require us to grant a license to the technology to a responsible applicant or, if we refuse, the
government may grant the license itself. The U.S. government may exercise its march-in rights if it determines that action is necessary because we fail to achieve practical application of any technology developed under contract with the government
or because action is necessary to alleviate health or safety needs, to meet requirements of federal regulations or to give preference to United States industry. The U.S. government may also have the right to disclose our confidential and proprietary
information to third parties. In addition, failure to comply with all the government contract requirements may result in us losing the patent rights. Our U.S. government-sponsored research contracts are also subject to audit and require that we provide regular written technical updates on a
monthly, quarterly or annual basis, and, at the conclusion of the research contract, a final report on the results of our technical research. Because these reports are generally available to the public, third parties may obtain some aspects of our
confidential and proprietary information relating to our product forms, applications and/or manufacturing processes. If we fail to provide these reports or to provide accurate and complete reports, the U.S. government could obtain rights to any
intellectual property arising from the related research. Furthermore, there could be disputes between us and a private third party as to
the ownership rights to any inventions that we develop in collaboration with such third party. Any such dispute may cause us to incur substantial costs, and could place a significant strain on our financial resources, divert the attention of
management from our core business and harm our reputation. 36 Table of Contents We rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, and our failure to obtain or maintain trade secret
protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. We rely in part on trade secret protection to protect
confidential and proprietary information relating to our technology, particularly where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. We continue to develop and refine the manufacturing technologies used to produce our aerogel
products and believe that we have already developed, and will continue to develop, significant know-how related to these technologies. However, trade secrets can be difficult to protect. We may not be able to maintain the secrecy of this information
and competitors may develop or acquire equally or more valuable information related to the manufacture of comparable aerogel products. Our strategy for scale-up of commercial production will continue to require us to share confidential and
proprietary information with the U.S. government and other third parties. While we take reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors or scientific and other advisors, or those of our business partners, may
intentionally or inadvertently disclose our confidential and proprietary information to competitors. Any enforcement of claims by us that a third party has obtained and is using our trade secrets is expensive, time consuming and uncertain. In
addition, foreign courts are sometimes less willing than United States courts to protect trade secrets. We require all employees and
consultants to execute confidentiality and/or nondisclosure agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting arrangement with us, which agreements generally require that all confidential and proprietary information developed by the
individual or made known to the individual by us during the course of the individual’s relationship with us be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties. These agreements further generally provide that inventions conceived by the
individual in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. Nevertheless, these agreements may not be honored and our confidential and proprietary information may be disclosed, or these agreements may be unenforceable or
difficult to enforce. We also require customers and vendors to execute confidentiality and/or nondisclosure agreements. However, we have not obtained such agreements from all of our customers and vendors. Moreover, some of our customers may be
subject to laws and regulations that require them to disclose information that we would otherwise seek to keep confidential. Our confidential and proprietary information may be otherwise disclosed without our authorization or knowledge. Moreover,
third parties could reverse engineer our manufacturing processes, independently develop substantially equivalent confidential and proprietary information or otherwise gain access to our trade secrets. Failure to maintain trade secret protection
could enable others to produce competing products and adversely affect our competitive business position. We could become subject to intellectual
property litigation that could be costly, limit or invalidate our intellectual property rights, divert time and efforts away from business operation, require us to pay damages and/or otherwise have an adverse material impact on our business. The success of our business is highly dependent on protecting our intellectual property rights. Unauthorized parties may attempt
to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products and/or enabling technology. Policing the unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights is difficult and expensive, as is enforcing these rights against unauthorized use by others. Identifying
unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights is difficult because we may be unable to monitor the technologies and/or materials being employed by other parties. The steps we have taken or will take may not prevent unauthorized use of our
intellectual property rights, particularly in foreign countries where enforcement of intellectual property rights may be more difficult than in the United States. Our continued commercial success will also depend in part upon not infringing the patents or violating other intellectual property rights of
third parties. We are aware of patents and patent applications generally relating to aspects of our technologies filed by, and issued to, third parties. Our knowledge of the patent landscape with respect to the technologies currently embodied within
our aerogel products and the technologies that we practice in manufacturing those products indicates that the third-party patent rights most relevant to our business are those owned by Cabot and licensed to us under the cross license agreement with
Cabot. Nevertheless, we cannot determine with certainty whether patents or patent applications of other parties may materially affect our ability 37 Table of Contents to conduct our business. There may be existing patents of which we are unaware that we may inadvertently infringe, resulting in claims against us or our customers. In recent years, Chinese,
Japanese and South Korean entities have filed a significant number of patent applications related to aerogel products in both their home countries and in foreign countries. These application patents may make it more difficult for OEMs and end-use
customers in these countries to use our products in new and different applications, which in turn may limit our ability to penetrate new markets. In the event that the manufacture, use and/or sale of our products or technologies is challenged, or if our product forms or technologies
conflict with patent rights of others or our operations conflict with trademark or similar rights of others, third parties could bring legal actions against us in the United States, Europe or other countries, claiming damages and seeking to enjoin
the manufacturing and/or marketing of our products. In addition, it is not possible to predict with certainty what patent claims may arise from pending patent applications of third parties. In the United States, for example, patent prosecution can
proceed in secret prior to issuance of a patent, provided such application is not filed in a foreign jurisdiction. For U.S. patent applications that are also filed in foreign jurisdictions, such patent applications will not be published until
18 months from the filing date of the application. As a result, third parties may be able to obtain patents with claims relating to our product forms, applications and/or manufacturing processes which they could attempt to assert against us or
our end-users. In either case, litigation may be necessary to enforce, protect or defend our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the intellectual property rights of others. Any such litigation could be
unsuccessful, cause us to incur substantial costs, divert resources and the efforts of our personnel away from daily operations, harm our reputation and/or result in the impairment of our intellectual property rights. In some cases, litigation may
be threatened or brought by a patent holding company (otherwise known as non-practicing entities or patent “trolls”) or other adverse patent owner who has no relevant product revenues and against which our patents may provide little or no
deterrence. If we are found to infringe any patents, we could be required to: • pay substantial monetary damages, including lost profits, reasonable royalties and/or treble damages if an infringement is found to be willful; • totally discontinue or substantially modify any products or processes that are found to be in violation of another party’s intellectual property rights; and/or • seek a license to continue making and selling our products and/or using our manufacturing processes, which we may not be able to obtain on reasonable terms, if at all, which could significantly increase our operating
expenses and/or decrease our revenue. If our competitors are able to use our technology without payment to us, our ability
to compete effectively could be harmed. Our contracts generally indemnify our customers for third-party claims of intellectual property infringement related to the manufacture and use of our products, and typically up to the amount of the purchase
price paid for the product, which could cause us to become involved, and subject to liability, in litigation between our customers and third parties. The expense of defending these claims may adversely affect our results of operations. Loss of the intellectual property rights that we license from Cabot Corporation would have a material adverse impact on our business. We have licensed certain intellectual property rights from Cabot under a cross license agreement. These intellectual property rights have been
and continue to be critical to the manufacture of our existing products and may also be important to our research, development and manufacture of new products. Any loss of the intellectual property rights granted to us thereunder, including as a
result of ineffective protection of such rights by Cabot or a breach of or dispute under the agreement by either party would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects, and might prevent us
from continuing our business. 38 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Common Stock We have incurred and will continue to incur costs and demands upon management as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public
companies in the United States, which may adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to the reporting requirements
of the Exchange Act that require us to file, among other things, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports on Form 10-K. Under Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as a part of each of
these reports, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer are required to evaluate and report their conclusions regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and to certify that they have done so. Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. In addition, under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we will be required to include a report of management on our internal control over
financial reporting in our Form 10-K, beginning with our Form 10-K for our fiscal year ending December 31, 2015. In addition, upon the later of our second annual report or the first annual report required to be filed with the SEC
following the date we are no longer an “emerging growth company” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, or JOBS Act, the independent registered public accounting firm auditing our financial statements will be required to
attest to and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The process of improving and documenting our internal controls and complying with Section 404 will be expensive and time consuming, and will require
significant attention of management. Complying with these and other requirements applicable to public companies may place a strain on our
personnel, information technology systems and resources and divert management’s attention from other business concerns. We may need to hire additional accounting and financial staff with appropriate public company experience and technical
accounting knowledge, and we may not be able to do so without incurring additional costs. These and other requirements may also make it
more difficult or more costly for us to obtain or maintain certain types of insurance, including directors’ and officers’ liability insurance. We may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher
costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and
retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. Any one of these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because we are a public company, we are obligated to develop and maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting. If our
internal controls over financial reporting are determined to be ineffective, or if our auditors are otherwise unable to attest to their effectiveness when required, investor confidence in our company, and our common stock price, may be adversely
affected. We will be required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among
other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for the first fiscal year beginning after the completion of our initial public offering, which will be for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2015, and in each
year thereafter. Our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the later of our second annual report or the first annual report
required to be filed with the SEC following the date we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. These assessments will be required to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our
management in our internal control over financial reporting. Although our independent registered public accounting firm has not completed
an audit of our internal controls over financial reporting, significant deficiencies in internal controls were identified in connection with the preparation of our financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014. We
determined 39 Table of Contents that we had significant deficiencies relating to our need for additional accounting and financial reporting staff and internal controls over financial reporting for income taxes. We have taken
actions to remediate these significant deficiencies, including the retention of external consultants to provide additional resources and hiring an additional full-time financial and accounting staff person during the year ended December 31,
2014. We cannot assure you that there will not be material weaknesses or other significant deficiencies in our internal controls in the future. We are in the very early stages of the costly and challenging process of compiling our system of internal controls over financial reporting
and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. We may discover, and not be able to remediate, future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. We may not be able to complete our
evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion, any of which would make us less likely to detect or prevent fraud. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal
controls over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. If we are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy
and completeness of our financial reports or it could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. In addition, a delay in compliance with Section 404 could
subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions, including SEC action, ineligibility for short form resale registration, the suspension or delisting of our common stock from The New York Stock Exchange, and the inability of registered
broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock, which would further reduce our stock price and could harm our business. We are eligible to be
treated as an “emerging growth company” as defined in the JOBS Act, and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies makes or will make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company”, as defined in the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth
company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including: • not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as described above; • reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and • exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest to occur of (i) the end of the fiscal year for which we report $1.0 billion
or more in annual revenues, (ii) the end of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million on the last business day of our second fiscal quarter, (iii) our issuance, in a three
year period, of more than $1.0 billion of non-convertible debt, and (iv) December 31, 2019. Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a “smaller reporting company” which would allow us to
take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding
executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict if investors find or will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 40 Table of Contents The trading market in our common stock has been limited and substantially less liquid than the average
trading market for a stock quoted on The New York Stock Exchange. Since our initial listing on The New York Stock Exchange on
June 13, 2014, the trading market in our common stock has been limited and substantially less liquid than the average trading market for companies listed on The New York Stock Exchange. The listing of our common stock on The New York Stock
Exchange does not assure that a meaningful, consistent and liquid trading market currently exists or will exist in the future. We cannot predict whether a more active market for our common stock will develop in the future. An absence of an active
trading market could adversely affect our stockholders’ ability to sell our common stock at current market prices in short time periods, or possibly at all. An inactive market may also impair our ability to raise capital by selling our common
stock and may impair our ability to acquire other companies, products or technologies by using our common stock as consideration. Additionally, analyst coverage of our common stock may be limited and such lack of coverage may have a depressive
effect on the market price for our common stock. As of December 31, 2014, approximately 59% of our outstanding shares of common stock were held by our executive officers, directors, principal stockholders and their respective affiliates, which
may adversely affect the liquidity of the trading market for our common stock, in as much as federal securities laws restrict sales of our shares by these stockholders. If our affiliates continue to hold their shares of common stock, there will be a
more limited trading volume in our common stock, which may make it more difficult for investors to sell their shares or increase the volatility of our stock price. We expect that the price of our common stock will fluctuate substantially which could subject us to securities class action litigation and result in
substantial losses to our stockholders. The price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially due to a number of factors,
including the following, some of which are beyond our control: • volume and timing of orders for our products; • quarterly and yearly variations in our or our competitors’ results of operations; • our announcement or our competitors’ announcements regarding new products, product enhancements, significant contracts, number of distributors, acquisitions or strategic investments; • announcements of technological innovations relating to aerogels, thermal management and energy infrastructure insulation; • results of operations that vary from the expectations of securities analysts and investors; • the periodic nature of our sales cycles, in particular for capital projects in the industrial markets; • our ability to develop, obtain regulatory clearance or approval for and market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; • future sales of our common stock, including sales by our executive officers, directors and significant stockholders and their respective affiliates; • announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us, including with regards to intellectual property and product liability; • changes in accounting principles; and • general U.S. and global economic conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors. Furthermore, the U.S. stock market has at times experienced extreme volatility that in some cases has been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 41 Table of Contents In the past, following periods of market volatility, stockholders have instituted securities
class action litigation. If we become involved in securities litigation, it could have a substantial cost and divert resources and the attention of our senior management team from our business regardless of the outcome of such litigation. Securities analysts may not continue coverage of our common stock or may issue negative reports, which may have a negative impact on the market price of
our common stock. The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial
analysts publish about us or our business. Securities analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our common stock. If securities analysts do not cover or continue to cover our common stock, the lack of research coverage may cause the
market price of our common stock to decline. If one or more of the analysts who elects to cover us downgrades our stock, our stock price would likely decline substantially. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us, we could lose
visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. In addition, rules mandated by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and a global settlement reached in 2003 between the SEC, other regulatory agencies and a number of investment banks
have led to a number of fundamental changes in how analysts are reviewed and compensated. In particular, many investment banking firms are required to contract with independent financial analysts for their stock research. It may be difficult for
companies such as ours, with smaller market capitalizations, to attract independent financial analysts that will cover our common stock. This could have a negative effect on the market price of our stock. Our directors, officers and principal stockholders have significant voting power and may take actions that may not be in the best interests of our other
stockholders. As of December 31, 2014, our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders and their affiliates
collectively controlled approximately 59% of our outstanding shares of common stock without giving effect to the voting waiver by the Fidelity Funds referenced in the immediately subsequent risk factor. As a result, these stockholders, if they act
together, will be able to control the management and affairs of our company and most matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may
have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control and might adversely affect the market price of our common stock. This concentration of ownership may not be in the best interests of our other stockholders. Anti-takeover provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws, and Delaware law, could delay or discourage a takeover. Anti-takeover provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws and Delaware law may have the effect of
deterring or delaying attempts by our stockholders to remove or replace management, engage in proxy contests and effect changes in control. The provisions of our charter documents include: • procedures for advance notification of stockholder nominations and proposals; • the inability of our stockholders to call a special meeting of the stockholders and the inability of our stockholders to act by written consent; • the ability of our board of directors to create new directorships and to fill any vacancies on the board of directors; • the ability of our board of directors to amend our restated bylaws without stockholder approval; and • the ability of our board of directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock without stockholder approval upon the terms and conditions and with the rights, privileges and preferences as our board of
directors may determine. 42 Table of Contents Further, as a result of the agreement we entered into with the Fidelity Funds in June 2014
whereby the Fidelity Funds have waived their right to vote with respect to any shares they or their affiliates possess in excess of 14.9% of our total outstanding shares, it could be more difficult for stockholders to achieve any specific percentage
voting threshold. Based on the Schedule 13G/A filed by Fidelity Funds on February 13, 2015, we believe the Fidelity Funds beneficially owned approximately 29.5% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of December 31, 2014 and, as a
result, approximately 14.6% of our shares of common stock will not be voted for so long as such shares continue to be held by the Fidelity Funds. In addition, as a Delaware corporation, we are subject to Delaware law, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. In
general, Section 203 prohibits a Delaware corporation from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder for a period of three years following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder unless certain
specific requirements are met as set forth in Section 203. These provisions, alone or together, could have the effect of deterring or delaying changes in incumbent management, proxy contests or changes in control. Our restated certificate of incorporation designates a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for certain
types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers of employees. Our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, subject to limited exceptions, a state or federal court located within the State of
Delaware will be the exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our
stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our restated certificate of incorporation or our bylaws, or (4) any other action asserting a claim against
us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our restated
certificate of incorporation described above. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees,
which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or
more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. You may experience future dilution as a result of future equity offerings. In the future, we may offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common stock in
order to raise additional capital. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sell shares or other securities in any other offering at a price per share that is equal to or greater than the price per share you paid for our shares. Investors
purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing stockholders and you may experience dilution. You may incur additional dilution upon the exercise of any outstanding stock
options or warrants or vesting of restricted stock or other equity awards. We do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future and,
consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock and we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We currently expect to retain all available funds and any future earnings for use in the
operation and expansion of our business. In addition, the terms of our revolving credit facility restrict our ability to pay dividends and any future credit facilities, loan agreements, debt instruments or 43 Table of Contents other agreements may further restrict our ability to pay dividends. Payments of future dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of our board of directors after taking into account various
factors, including our business, results of operations and financial condition, current and anticipated cash needs, plans for expansion and any legal or contractual limitations on our ability to pay dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if
any, of our common stock will be your sole source of potential gain for the foreseeable future. 44 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that relate to future events or our future financial performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or
achievements to differ materially from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Words such as, but not limited to, “believe,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” ”seek,” “may,” “plan,” “potential,” “predict,” “project,” “targets,” “likely,” “will,”
“would,” “could,” “should,” “continue,” and similar expressions or phrases, or the negative of those expressions or phrases, are intended to identify forward-looking statements, although not all
forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this report, we caution you that these statements are based on our projections of the
future that are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements, to differ. The
description of our Business set forth in Item 1, the Risk Factors set forth in this Item 1A and our Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations set forth in Item 7 as well as other sections in this
report, discuss some of the factors that could contribute to these differences. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements about: • the expected future growth of the market for aerogel insulation and continued gain in market share, in particular in energy infrastructure facilities; • our expectation that the growth in global energy demand will result in increased new-build and large capacity expansion projects, driving demand for our aerogel products; • our plans to continue our strategy of working with innovative companies to target and penetrate additional market opportunities; • our belief that an adequate long-term supply of silica-precursor is available; • our belief that our portfolio of patents, trade secrets and know-how presents a significant barrier to potential new entrants in the production of aerogel blanket insulation; • our belief that our products possess strong competitive advantages over traditional insulation materials, including the superior thermal performance and the thin, easy-to-use and durable blanket form of our products; • our expectation that we will commence operation in our planned third production line during the second quarter of 2015; • our expectation that our planned third production line will increase our annual nameplate capacity by 25% to 50 million to 55 million square feet of aerogel blankets; • our plans to construct a second manufacturing facility in the United States, the exact location of which will be based on factors including, among others, labor and construction costs, availability of governmental
incentives, protection of intellectual property and proximity to raw material suppliers; • our expectation that the first production line at the planned second manufacturing facility will become operational during 2017; • our belief that our end-use customers will continue to invest in major energy infrastructure projects; • our expectation that we will continue to sell our products in the building and constructions and other end markets; • our estimate that design, development and construction costs for this second manufacturing facility and its first production line will range from $80 million to $100 million; 45 Table of Contents • our expectation that our planned second manufacturing facility and its first production line will provide an additional annual nameplate capacity of 26 million to 28 million square feet of aerogel blankets; • our belief that we can finance our planned second manufacturing facility and its first production line with anticipated cash flows from operations, local government grants, debt financings and potentially equity
financings; • our belief that the potential for significant technological innovation in traditional insulation materials is limited and that new high-performance materials will be required to meet evolving market requirements for
energy efficient insulations systems; • our belief that our aerogel products and manufacturing processes are proprietary and that we can protect our patents, trade secrets and know-how associated therewith; • our belief that we can continue to improve the cost efficiency of our manufacturing process; • our belief that our products have the lowest cost on a fully-installed basis or offer significant life-cycle cost savings in energy infrastructure and certain other applications as compared to traditional insulation
materials; • our plans to expand our sales force globally to support anticipated growth in customers and demand for our products; • our expectation to continue to hire a significant number of employees in order to support our anticipated growth; • our expectations for certain expenses to decrease as a percentage of revenue in the long-term and for certain expenses to decrease during 2015; • our expectation that the cost of product revenue will increase in the near term, but will decrease in the long-term and that the cost of product revenue as a percentage of product revenue will decrease during 2015; • our expectations that gross profit as a percentage of total revenue will increase in the long-term and that the gross profit as a percentage of total revenue will increase during 2015; • the expected future development of new aerogel technologies; and • our expectations about limitations of net operating losses. We may not actually achieve the
plans, intentions or expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Actual results or events could differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations
disclosed in the forward-looking statements we make. We have included important cautionary statements in this report, particularly in the Risk Factors set forth in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, that we believe could cause actual
results or events to differ materially from the forward-looking statements that we make. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments we may make. You should read this report and the documents that we reference in this report and have filed as exhibits to this report completely and
with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are made as of the date of this report, and we do not assume, and specifically disclaim,
any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 46 Table of Contents 