” and in other reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These risks and uncertainties should be considered in evaluating forward-looking statements and undue reliance should not be placed on such statements. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, ASB Bancorp, Inc. does not undertake, and specifically disclaims any obligation, to release publicly the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of the statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 1 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. Business General ASB Bancorp, Inc. – ASB Bancorp, Inc. (“ASB Bancorp” or the “Company”), a North Carolina corporation, was incorporated in May 2011 to be the holding company for Asheville Savings Bank (“Asheville Savings” or the “Bank”) upon the completion of the Bank’s conversion from the mutual to the stock form of ownership. Before the completion of the conversion, the Company did not engage in any significant activities other than organizational activities. On October 11, 2011, the mutual to stock conversion was completed and the Bank became the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company. Also on that date, the Company sold and issued 5,584,551 shares of its common stock at a price of $10.00 per share, through which the Company received net offering proceeds of $53.9 million. Additionally, the Company loaned $4.5 million to the Bank’s newly formed employee stock ownership plan (the “ESOP”) to purchase 446,764 shares of the Company's stock issued in the public offering. The Company’s principal business activity is the ownership of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Bank. The Company does not own or lease any real property, but instead uses the premises, equipment and other property of the Bank, with the payment of appropriate rental fees, as required by applicable laws and regulations, under the terms of an expense allocation agreement entered into with the Bank. The Company and the Bank also entered into an income tax allocation agreement that provides for the filing of a consolidated federal income tax return and formalizes procedures for the payment and allocation of federal income taxes between the Company and the Bank. Asheville Savings Bank – Founded in 1936, the Bank is a North Carolina chartered savings bank headquartered in Asheville, North Carolina. We operate as a community-oriented financial institution offering traditional financial services to consumers and businesses in our primary market area. We attract deposits from the general public and use those funds to originate primarily one-to-four family residential mortgage loans and commercial real estate loans, and, to a lesser extent, home equity loans and lines of credit, consumer loans, construction and land development loans, and commercial and industrial loans. We conduct our lending and deposit activities primarily with individuals and small businesses in our primary market area. Our primary market area is Asheville, North Carolina and the rest of Buncombe County where we have eight branch offices, as well as Henderson, Madison, McDowell and Transylvania Counties where we have five branch offices and a loan production office in Mecklenburg County. Availability of Information The Company’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are made available free of charge on the Company’s website, http://ir.ashevillesavingsbank.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such reports with, or furnishes them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). The information on the Company’s website shall not be considered as incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Personnel At December 31, 2014, the Company had 160 full-time equivalent employees, none of whom is represented by a collective bargaining unit. We believe our relationships with our employees are good. 2 Table of Contents Operating Strategy Our primary objective is to operate and grow a profitable community-oriented financial institution serving customers in our primary market areas. We seek to achieve this through the adoption of a business strategy to provide superior financial services to help our customers and communities prosper by focusing on our core values while achieving sustainable profitability and reasonable returns for our shareholders. We plan to continue our focus on loan growth in 2015. In recent years, we hired senior management with substantial experience in consumer and commercial banking to help us diversify our product offerings and expand our consumer and commercial deposit and lending products, while maintaining high asset quality standards. Our operating strategies include the following: • continue to provide competitive products, services and pricing to individuals and businesses in the communities served by our branch offices; • profitable growth of our residential mortgage banking; • profitable growth of our commercial and industrial lending activities and small business relationships; • increase efficiencies and productivity bank wide; and • create a culture of accountability bank wide. Continue to provide competitive products, services and pricing to individuals and businesses in the communities served by our branch offices. We have continually operated as a community-oriented financial institution since we were established in 1936. We are committed to meeting the financial needs of the communities in which we operate, and we are dedicated to providing quality personal service to our customers. We provide a broad range of consumer and business financial services through our network of banking center offices. As we continue to refine our information technology, infrastructure and operations to support business growth, we will remain steadfast in our pursuit of ways to become a highly efficient bank with an emphasis on managing costs while providing more innovative, productive ways of doing business. Profitable growth of our residential mortgage banking. Residential mortgage lending remains an important part of our lending activities. We originate fixed and adjustable-rate residential mortgage loans that are retained in our loan portfolio. However, most of the fixed-rate residential mortgage loans that we originate are sold into the secondary market with servicing released as part of our efforts to reduce our interest rate risk. At December 31, 2014, residential mortgage loans totaled $172.2 million, or 33.0% of our total loan portfolio. Profitable growth of our commercial and industrial lending activities and small business relationships. We intend to continue our expansion of our commercial and industrial lending activities and to originate an increased number of small business loans. Management has hired additional experienced lending officers and credit management personnel over the past several years in order to continue to safely manage this type of lending. Commercial and industrial lending has increased recently as we have managed our problem loans and experienced higher loan demand. Our goal is to increase this portion of our portfolio using conservative underwriting practices to increase the yield in our loan portfolio. Also, our focus on creating a full relationship with clients has enhanced our value proposition and contributed to growth in business services and deposit activities. 3 Table of Contents Increase efficiencies and productivity bank wide. We seek to increase our profitability by improving efficiencies and productivity throughout the Bank. This necessitates right-sizing the Bank’s cost structure for revenue growth by allocating resources in alignment with our strategic priorities. This will require a laser-like focus that must be embedded in the culture of the Bank, having infrastructure, processes, procedures, technology and the like that makes it easier, simpler, faster and less expensive to conduct business. We plan to evaluate the Bank’s processes, policies, and technology to make it easy for the customer to do business with the Bank – simpler, faster and easier. This includes facilitating our teams’ abilities to recognize opportunities, delivering on commitments to customers and aligning our overall cost structure with our operating revenues. Create a culture of accountability bank wide. We will strive to create a work environment in which employees are engaged and committed to the vision of the Bank and encouraged and rewarded for performing at their highest potential. This requires a strong performance management program that provides clear direction and expectations to all employees and focuses on performance, empowering employees to take responsibility that is aligned with our core values. We will hold employees accountable for performing in line with expectations and will provide career development opportunities for them. Market Area We are headquartered in Asheville, North Carolina, which is the county seat of Buncombe County, North Carolina and consider Buncombe, Madison, McDowell, Henderson and Transylvania Counties in Western North Carolina and the surrounding areas to be our primary market area. Asheville is situated in the Blue Ridge Mountains at the confluence of the Swannanoa River and French Broad River and is known for its natural beauty and scenic surroundings. The nearby Great Smoky Mountains National Park and Blue Ridge Parkway are among the more visited parks in the United States. In addition, the Asheville metropolitan area has a vibrant cultural and arts community that parallels that of many larger cities in the United States. It has been referred to as the “Paris of the South,” and The New York Times calls it a “surprisingly cosmopolitan city.” It is a place that combines local arts and diversity of a city with a friendly, small town feel. Asheville is home to a number of historical attractions, the most prominent of which is the Biltmore Estate, a historic mansion with gardens and the most visited winery in the nation, drawing more than one million tourists each year. Due to its scenic location and diverse cultural and historical offerings, the Asheville metropolitan area has become a popular destination for tourists, attracting approximately nine million visitors annually, with a direct economic impact of approximately $1.5 billion to our local economy. In addition, affordable housing prices, combined with the region’s favorable climate, scenic surroundings and cultural attractions, have also made the Asheville metropolitan area an increasingly attractive destination for retirees seeking to relocate from other parts of the United States. In February 2014, Top Retirements named the area as number one on the 2014 list of “Best Places to Retire”, noting Asheville's reputation as a great place to retire makes it the standard that all other retirement towns can aspire to be. In November 2014, Forbes ranked Asheville 34 th among U.S. cities as “Best Places for Business and Careers.” Also, in December 2014, Forbes featured Asheville in its series “An Unexpected Source of Innovation” as one of America's little-known hubs of technological creativity. Originally established as a mountain retreat, Asheville now stands as a hub for technology, business innovation and growth, making it an attractive destination for corporate relocation. 4 Table of Contents The Asheville metropolitan area benefits from a diverse economy, and there is no single employer or industry upon which a significant number of our customers are dependent. The area has a mix of manufacturing including advanced manufacturing, plastics, metals, textiles, furniture and automotive parts. Agriculture including food processing is a growing segment of the local economy. Wood product businesses also are prevalent in Western North Carolina. Biopharmaceutical is also a growing segment of our economy with Jacob Holm and others having a presence in Asheville. Business services are predominant in the area with financial services, insurance, financial advisors and other professional practices making up a growing and steady part of the economy. IT/Software is emerging in our economy as well as other Knowledge Based businesses that are attracted to the area due to quality of life and available resources. The Travel and Tourism industry as well as entertainment, including performing arts, sports and film production continue to add economic value to the area. Western North Carolina has a number of manufacturing and technology companies located in the area, including Wilsonart International, Inc., Eaton Corporation, Thermo Fischer Scientific, Plasticard-Locktech International and Arvato Digital Services. GE Aviation, Linamar Corporation, White Labs Inc., Hi-Wire Brewing, Highland Brewing Company, Wicked Weed Brewing and BorgWarner Inc. are among the companies that expanded in the Asheville area during 2014. Newer industries that have moved to the area, include American Recycling and brewers New Belgium, Sierra Nevada, and Oskar Blues Brewery. The larger breweries and some successful local micro-breweries have spawned new opportunities in the region, which has created jobs and additional exposure for the area. Furthermore, the region is home to a number of educational organizations, private colleges and large public universities, such as the University of North Carolina at Asheville as well as satellite campuses of Lenoir-Rhyne University, North Carolina State University and Western Carolina University. Mission Health System, a leading employer in the Asheville metropolitan area and the state's sixth largest health system, has been nationally recognized as a top hospital network for cardiovascular and orthopedic medicine. Over the course of the past year, the tourism industry in the Asheville metropolitan area has improved, which has positively impacted the economy in a number of our local markets, such as Buncombe and Henderson counties, that directly benefit from this industry and has caused the overall unemployment rate in the Asheville metropolitan area to decrease to 4.0% in December 2014 from 5.0% in December 2013, according to statistics published by the Employment Security Commission of North Carolina (“ESCNC”). For comparative purposes, the ESCNC reported seasonally adjusted unemployment rates of 5.5% for North Carolina and 5.6% for the United States for December 2014. The Company also considers McDowell County and Transylvania County, which are not included in the unemployment statistics for the Asheville metropolitan area, as part of its primary market area. The December 2014 unemployment rates were 5.6% for McDowell County and 5.6% for Transylvania County. Competition We face significant competition for the attraction of deposits and origination of loans. Our most direct competition for deposits has historically come from several financial institutions operating in our primary market area and from other financial service companies such as securities brokerage firms, credit unions and insurance companies. We also face competition for investors’ funds from money market funds, mutual funds and other corporate and government securities. At June 30, 2014, which is the most recent date for which deposit market share data is available from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, we held approximately 10.17% of the deposits in Buncombe County, North Carolina, 3.20% of the deposits in Henderson County, North Carolina, 22.24% of the deposits in Madison County, North Carolina, 17.17% of the deposits in McDowell County, North Carolina and 4.19% of the deposits in Transylvania County, North Carolina. This data does not reflect deposits held by credit unions with which we also compete. In addition, banks owned by large national and regional holding companies and other community-based banks also operate in our primary market area. Some of these institutions are larger than us and, therefore, have greater resources. 5 Table of Contents Our competition for loans comes primarily from financial institutions, including credit unions, in our primary market area and from other financial service providers, such as mortgage companies, mortgage brokers and private investors. Competition for loans also comes from non-depository financial service companies entering the mortgage market, such as insurance companies, securities companies and specialty finance companies. We expect competition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. Technological advances, for example, have lowered barriers to entry, allowed banks to expand their geographic reach by providing services over the Internet, and made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services that traditionally have been provided by banks. Competition for deposits and the origination of loans could limit our growth in the future. Lending Activities General. The largest component of our loan portfolio is real estate mortgage loans, primarily one-to-four family residential mortgage loans and commercial mortgage loans, and to a lesser extent, revolving mortgage loans (which consist of home equity loans and lines of credit), consumer loans, construction and land development loans, and commercial and industrial loans. We originate loans for investment purposes, although we generally sell our fixed-rate residential mortgage loans into the secondary market with servicing released. We intend to continue to emphasize residential and commercial mortgage lending, while also concentrating on ways to expand our commercial and industrial lending activities with a focus on serving small businesses and emphasizing relationship banking in our primary market area. We do not offer Alt-A, sub-prime or no-documentation mortgage loans. One-to-Four Family Residential Loans. At December 31, 2014, we had $172.2 million in one-to-four family residential loans, which represented 33.0% of our total loan portfolio. Our origination of residential mortgage loans enables borrowers to purchase or refinance existing homes located in our primary market area. Our residential lending policies and procedures conform to the secondary market guidelines. We offer a mix of adjustable rate mortgage loans and fixed-rate mortgage loans with terms of up to 30 years. Borrower demand for adjustable-rate loans compared to fixed-rate loans is a function of the level of interest rates, the expectations of changes in the level of interest rates, and the difference between the interest rates and loan fees offered for fixed-rate mortgage loans as compared to an initially discounted interest rate and loan fees for multi-year adjustable-rate mortgages. The relative amount of fixed-rate mortgage loans and adjustable-rate mortgage loans that can be originated at any time is largely determined by the demand for each in a competitive environment. We sell most of the fixed-rate mortgages we originate, which reduces our balances of adjustable rate mortgages as they are refinanced into fixed-rate mortgages during periods of low interest rates. We determine the loan fees, interest rates and other provisions of mortgage loans based on our own pricing criteria and competitive market conditions. Interest rates and payments on our adjustable-rate mortgage loans adjust at intervals of one to five years after an initial fixed period that ranges from one to ten years. Interest rates on our adjustable-rate loans generally are indexed to the US Treasury Constant Maturity Index for the applicable periods. However, in some limited situations, these loans are indexed to the one year London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). 6 Table of Contents While one-to-four family residential real estate loans are normally originated with up to 30-year terms, such loans typically remain outstanding for substantially shorter periods because borrowers often prepay their loans in full either upon sale of the property pledged as security or upon refinancing the original loan. Therefore, average loan maturity is a function of, among other factors, the level of purchase and sale activity in the real estate market, prevailing interest rates and the interest rates payable on outstanding loans on a regular basis. We do not offer residential mortgage loans with negative amortization and we currently offer marketable interest-only residential mortgage loans to well qualified borrowers in limited situations. We do not make owner occupied one-to-four family residential real estate loans with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 95%, unless the loan is federally guaranteed. Loans with loan-to-value ratios in excess of 80% typically require private mortgage insurance. In addition, we do not make non-owner occupied one-to-four family residential real estate loans with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 85% unless we are able to sell the loan on the secondary market. We require all properties securing mortgage loans to be appraised by a board-approved independent appraiser. We also require title insurance on all mortgage loans. Borrowers must obtain hazard insurance, and flood insurance is required for all loans located in flood hazard areas. At December 31, 2014, our largest residential mortgage loan had an outstanding balance of $1.8 million and was performing in accordance with its original terms. Commercial Mortgage Loans. We offer fixed- and adjustable-rate mortgage loans secured by non-residential real estate and multi-family properties. At December 31, 2014, commercial mortgage loans totaled $201.3 million, or 38.5% of our total loan portfolio, $200.4 million of which were performing. Our commercial mortgage loans are generally secured by commercial, industrial and manufacturing, small to moderately-sized office and retail properties, hotels, multi-family properties and hospitals and churches located in our primary market area. Although we have historically made commercial mortgage loans that are secured by both owner-occupied and nonowner-occupied properties, we are currently emphasizing the origination of commercial mortgage loans that are secured by owner-occupied properties. At December 31, 2014, $61.5 million or 30.6% of our commercial real estate loans were secured by owner-occupied properties. We originate fixed-rate and adjustable-rate commercial mortgage loans, generally with terms of three to five years and payments based on an amortization schedule of up to 30 years, resulting in “balloon” balances at maturity. For our adjustable-rate commercial mortgage loans, interest rates are typically equal either to the prime lending rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal or to LIBOR, plus an applicable margin. Currently, our adjustable-rate commercial mortgage loans typically provide for an interest rate floor. Loans are secured by first mortgages, generally are originated with a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 85% and may require specified debt service coverage ratios depending on the characteristics of the project. Rates and other terms on such loans generally depend on our assessment of credit risk after considering such factors as the borrower’s financial condition, credit history, loan-to-value ratio, debt service coverage ratio and other factors, including whether the property securing the loan will be owner occupied. At December 31, 2014, our largest commercial mortgage loan relationship consisted of five loans that had a total outstanding balance of $11.1 million. These loans were originated in February 2013 and November 2014. The loans are collateralized by leased income producing commercial properties, inclusive of retail shopping centers located in High Point, North Carolina and Greensboro, North Carolina. The loans are performing in accordance to their original loan terms. 7 Table of Contents Construction and Land Development Loans. We have originated construction and land development loans for commercial properties, such as retail shops and office units, and multi-family properties. At December 31, 2014, commercial construction and land development loans totaled $21.7 million, which represented 4.2% of our total loan portfolio, all of which were performing. Typically commercial construction loans are for a term of 12 to 24 months with interest payable monthly and are generally followed by a permanent loan with monthly principal and interest payments. Commercial construction loans generally require a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 80% and land development loans generally require a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 75%. We also originate residential construction and land development loans for one-to-four family homes. At December 31, 2014, residential construction and land development loans totaled $14.8 million, which represented 2.8% of our total loan portfolio, all of which were performing. Residential construction loans are typically for a term of 12 months with interest payable monthly, and are generally followed by an automatic conversion to a 15-year or 30-year permanent loan with monthly payments of principal and interest. Residential construction loans are generally made only to homeowners and the repayment of such loans generally comes from the proceeds of a permanent mortgage loan for which a commitment is typically in place when the construction loan is originated. We generally require a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 80% for all construction loans unless Private Mortgage Insurance is obtained to allow for higher loan-to-value ratios. Interest rates on all construction loans are generally tied to an index plus an applicable spread and funds are disbursed on a percentage-of-completion basis following an inspection by a third party inspector. We also selectively originate loans to individuals and developers for the purpose of developing vacant land in our primary market area, typically for building an individual’s future residence or, in the case of a developer, residential subdivisions. Land development loans, which are offered for terms of up to 18 months, are generally indexed either to the prime rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal or to LIBOR, plus an applicable margin. We generally require a maximum loan-to-value ratio of 75% of the discounted market value based upon expected cash flows upon completion of the project. We also originate loans to individuals secured by undeveloped land held for investment purposes. These loans are typically amortized for no more than fifteen years with a three- or five-year balloon payment. At December 31, 2014, our largest commercial land development loan had an outstanding balance of $381,000, which was performing. Revolving Mortgages and Consumer Loans. We offer revolving mortgage loans, which consist of home equity loans and lines of credit, and various consumer loans, including automobile loans and loans secured by deposits. At December 31, 2014, revolving mortgage loans totaled $56.4 million, or 10.8% of our total loan portfolio, substantially all of which were performing, and consumer loans totaled $40.4 million, or 7.7% of our total loan portfolio, substantially all of which were performing. Our revolving mortgage loans consist of both home equity loans with fixed-rate amortizing terms of up to 15 years and adjustable rate lines of credit with interest rates indexed either to the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal or to LIBOR, plus an applicable margin. At December 31, 2014, our largest outstanding revolving mortgage loan balance was $500,000, which was performing. Consumer loans typically have shorter maturities and higher interest rates than traditional one-to-four family lending. In most cases, we do not originate home equity loans with loan-to-value ratios exceeding 80%, including any first mortgage loan balance. The procedures for underwriting consumer loans include an assessment of the applicant’s payment history on other debts and ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the proposed loan. 8 Table of Contents Commercial and Industrial Loans. We typically offer commercial and industrial loans to small businesses located in our primary market area. At December 31, 2014, commercial and industrial loans totaled $15.9 million, which represented 3.0% of our total loan portfolio, substantially all of which were performing. Commercial and industrial loans consist of floating rate loans indexed either to the prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal or to LIBOR, plus an applicable margin and fixed rate loans for terms of up to 10 years, depending on the useful life and type of collateral. Our commercial and industrial loan portfolio consists primarily of loans that are secured by equipment, accounts receivable and inventory, but also includes a smaller amount of unsecured loans for purposes of financing expansion or providing working capital for general business purposes. Key loan terms vary depending on the collateral, the borrower’s financial condition, credit history and other relevant factors. At December 31, 2014, our largest commercial and industrial relationship had an outstanding balance of $2.5 million, was secured by a second lien on a residence, but recent real estate values did not reflect ample coverage, therefore this loan was considered unsecured. The loan was performing in accordance with its terms. Loan Underwriting Adjustable-Rate Loans. While we anticipate that adjustable-rate loans will better offset the adverse effects of an increase in interest rates as compared to fixed-rate mortgages, an increased monthly mortgage payment required of adjustable-rate loan borrowers in a rising interest rate environment could cause an increase in delinquencies and defaults. The marketability of the underlying property also may be adversely affected in a high interest rate environment. In addition, although adjustable-rate mortgage loans make our asset base more responsive to changes in interest rates, the extent of this interest sensitivity is limited by the annual and lifetime interest rate adjustment limits. Commercial Mortgage Loans. Loans secured by commercial real estate generally have larger balances and involve a greater degree of risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. Of primary concern in commercial mortgage lending is the borrower’s creditworthiness and the feasibility and cash flow potential of the project. Payments on loans secured by income producing properties often depend on successful operation and management of the properties. As a result, repayment of such loans may be subject to adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy. We apply what we believe to be conservative underwriting standards when originating commercial mortgage loans and seek to limit our exposure to lending concentrations to related borrowers, types of business and geographies, as well as seeking to participate with other banks in both buying and selling larger loans of this nature. Management has hired additional experienced lending officers and credit management personnel over the past several years in order to continue to safely manage this type of lending. To monitor cash flows on income producing properties, we require borrowers and loan guarantors, if any, to provide annual financial statements on commercial real estate loans. In reaching a decision on whether to make a commercial real estate loan, we consider and review a global cash flow analysis of the borrower and consider the net operating income of the property, the borrower’s expertise, credit history and profitability, and the value of the underlying property. An environmental survey is obtained when the possibility exists that hazardous materials may have existed on the site, or the site may have been impacted by adjoining properties that handled hazardous materials. 9 Table of Contents Construction and Land Development Loans. Construction financing is generally considered to involve a higher degree of risk of loss than long-term financing on improved, occupied real estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the property’s value at completion of construction and the estimated cost of construction. During the construction phase, a number of factors could result in delays and cost overruns. If the estimate of construction costs proves to be inaccurate, we may be required to advance funds beyond the amount originally committed to permit completion of the building. If the estimate of value proves to be inaccurate, we may be confronted, at or before the maturity of the loan, with a building having a value which is insufficient to assure full repayment if liquidation is required. If we are forced to foreclose on a building before or at completion due to a default, we may be unable to recover all of the unpaid balance of, and accrued interest on, the loan as well as related foreclosure and holding costs. In addition, speculative construction loans, which are loans made to home builders who, at the time of loan origination, have not yet secured an end buyer for the home under construction, typically carry higher risks than those associated with traditional construction loans. These increased risks arise because of the risk that there will be inadequate demand to ensure the sale of the property within an acceptable time. As a result, in addition to the risks associated with traditional construction loans, speculative construction loans carry the added risk that the builder will have to pay the property taxes and other carrying costs of the property until an end buyer is found. Land development loans have substantially similar risks to speculative construction loans. To monitor cash flows on construction properties, we require borrowers and loan guarantors, if any, to provide annual financial statements and, in reaching a decision on whether to make a construction or land development loan, we consider and review a global cash flow analysis of the borrower and consider the borrower’s expertise, credit history and profitability. We also generally disburse funds on a percentage-of-completion basis following an inspection by a third party inspector. Revolving Mortgages and Consumer Loans. Consumer loans may entail greater risk than do residential mortgage loans, particularly in the case of consumer loans that are secured by assets that depreciate rapidly, such as motor vehicles. In such cases, repossessed collateral for a defaulted consumer loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment for the outstanding loan and a small remaining deficiency often does not warrant further substantial collection efforts against the borrower. In the case of home equity loans, real estate values may be reduced to a level that is insufficient to cover the outstanding loan balance after accounting for the first mortgage loan balance. Consumer loan collections depend on the borrower’s continuing financial stability, and therefore are likely to be adversely affected by various factors, including job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy. Furthermore, the application of various federal and state laws, including federal and state bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount that can be recovered on such loans. Commercial and Industrial Loans. Unlike residential mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make repayment from his or her employment income or other income, and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial and industrial loans are of higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower’s business. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial and industrial loans may depend substantially on the success of the business itself. Further, any collateral securing such loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and may fluctuate in value. Loans to One Borrower. The maximum amount that we may lend to one borrower and the borrower’s related entities is generally limited by regulation to 15% of the Bank's unimpaired capital and surplus, as defined. At December 31, 2014, our regulatory limit on loans to one borrower was $14.8 million. At that date, our largest lending relationship consisted of five loans totaling $11.1 million that are secured by leased income producing commercial properties, inclusive of retail shopping centers located in High Point, North Carolina and Greensboro, North Carolina. The loans are currently performing in accordance with their original terms. 10 Table of Contents Loan Commitments. We typically issue commitments for most loans conditioned upon the occurrence of certain events. Commitments to originate loans are legally binding agreements to lend to our customers. Generally, our loan commitments expire after 45 to 60 days. See note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. Investment Activities We have legal authority to invest in various types of liquid assets, including U.S. Treasury obligations, securities of various government-sponsored agencies and of state and municipal governments, mortgage-backed securities and certificates of deposit of federally insured institutions. Within certain regulatory limits, we also may invest a portion of our assets in other permissible securities. As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta, we also are required to maintain an investment in Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta stock, which is not publicly traded. At December 31, 2014, our investment portfolio consisted primarily of mortgage-backed securities, U.S. government and agency securities, securities issued by government sponsored enterprises and municipal securities. We do not currently invest in trading account securities. Our investment objectives are: (i) to provide and maintain liquidity within the guidelines of North Carolina banking law and the regulations of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and (ii) to manage interest rate risk. Our board of directors has the overall responsibility for the investment portfolio, including approval of the investment policy. Our President and Chief Executive Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer are responsible for implementation of the investment policy and monitoring our investment performance. Our board of directors reviews the status of our investment portfolio on a monthly basis. Deposit Activities and Other Sources of Funds General. Deposits, borrowings and loan repayments are the major sources of our funds for lending and other investment purposes. Scheduled loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, while deposit inflows and outflows and loan prepayments are significantly influenced by general interest rates and money market conditions. Deposit Accounts. Deposits are attracted from within our primary market area through the offering of a broad selection of deposit instruments, including noninterest-bearing demand deposits (such as checking accounts), interest-bearing demand accounts (such as NOW and money market accounts), regular savings accounts and certificates of deposit. Deposit account terms vary according to the minimum balance required, the time periods the funds must remain on deposit and the interest rate, among other factors. In determining the terms of our deposit accounts, we consider the rates offered by our competition, our liquidity needs, profitability to us, matching deposit and loan products and customer preferences and concerns. We generally review our deposit mix and pricing weekly. Our deposit pricing strategy has typically been to offer competitive rates on all types of deposit products, and to periodically offer special rates in order to attract deposits of a specific type or term. Borrowings. We use advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta to supplement our investable funds. The Federal Home Loan Bank functions as a central reserve bank providing credit for member financial institutions. As a member, we are required to own capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta and are authorized to apply for advances on the security of such stock and certain of our mortgage loans and other assets (principally securities which are obligations of, or guaranteed by, the United States), provided certain standards related to creditworthiness have been met. Advances are made under several different programs, each having its own interest rate, range of maturities and prepayment penalties. Depending on the program, limitations on the amount of advances are based either on a fixed percentage of an institution’s net worth, the Federal Home Loan Bank’s assessment of the institution’s creditworthiness, collateral value and level of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ownership. We also utilize securities sold under agreements to repurchase and overnight repurchase agreements to supplement our supply of investable funds and to meet deposit withdrawal requirements. 11 Table of Contents Financial Services The Bank has an agreement with a third-party registered broker-dealer, LPL Financial LLC (“LPL”), through which the Bank offers its customers a complete range of nondeposit investment products, including mutual funds, debt, equity and government securities, retirement accounts, insurance products and fixed and variable annuities. For the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, pursuant to the Bank’s agreement with LPL, the Bank received fees of $268,000, $224,000 and $242,000, respectively. Subsidiaries The Bank is the Company’s sole wholly owned subsidiary. The Bank has two subsidiaries, Appalachian Financial Services, Inc., which was formed to engage in investment activities and is currently inactive, and Wenoca, Inc., which serves as the Bank’s trustee regarding deeds of trust. Both subsidiaries are organized as North Carolina corporations. REGULATION AND SUPERVISION The Bank is a North Carolina chartered savings bank and the wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, which is a North Carolina corporation and registered bank holding company. The Bank’s deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the “FDIC”). The Bank is subject to extensive regulation by the North Carolina Commissioner of Banks (the “NCCoB”), as its chartering agency, and by the FDIC, as its deposit insurer. The Bank is required to file reports with, and is periodically examined by, the FDIC and the NCCoB concerning its activities and financial condition and must obtain regulatory approvals prior to entering into certain transactions, including, but not limited to, mergers with or acquisitions of other financial institutions. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution can engage and is intended primarily for the protection of depositors and, for purposes of the FDIC, the protection of the insurance fund. The regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (the “FHLB of Atlanta” or “FHLB”). The Company is regulated as a bank holding company by the Federal Reserve Board (the “FRB”) and the NCCoB. Any change in such regulatory requirements and policies, whether by the North Carolina legislature, the FDIC, the FRB or Congress, could have a material adverse impact on the Company, the Bank and their operations. Certain regulatory requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank are referred to below or elsewhere herein. This description of statutes and regulations is intended to be a summary of the material provisions of such statutes and regulations and their effects on the Company and the Bank. You are encouraged to reference the actual statutes and regulations for additional information. Recent Regulatory Reform The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) was signed into law in July 2010. The Dodd-Frank Act impacts financial institutions in numerous ways, including: • The creation of a Financial Stability Oversight Council responsible for monitoring and managing systemic risk; • Granting additional authority to the Federal Reserve to regulate certain types of nonbank financial companies; 12 Table of Contents • Granting new authority to the FDIC as liquidator and receiver; • Changing the manner in which deposit insurance assessments are made; • Requiring regulators to modify capital standards; • Establishing the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection (the “CFPB”); • Capping interchange fees that banks charge merchants for debit card transactions; • Imposing more stringent requirements on mortgage lenders; and • Limiting banks’ proprietary trading activities. There are many provisions in the Dodd-Frank Act mandating regulators to adopt new regulations and conduct studies upon which future regulation may be based. While some have been issued, many remain to be issued. Governmental intervention and new regulations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Basel Capital Standards The Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, an international forum for cooperation on banking supervisory matters, promulgates capital standards for banking organizations. In July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that will revise their risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (“Basel III”) and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule applies to all depository institutions, top-tier bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $500 million or more (such as the Company) and top-tier savings and loan holding companies, which we collectively refer to herein as “covered” banking organizations. The final rule became effective for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015 (subject to a phase-in period for certain provisions), and all of the requirements in the final rule will be fully phased in by January 1, 2019. The rule imposes higher risk-based capital and leverage requirements for covered banking institutions than those currently in place. Specifically, the rule imposes the following minimum capital requirements: • a new common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5%; • a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6% (increased from the current 4% requirement); • a total risk-based capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from current requirements); and • a leverage ratio of 4% (currently 3% for depository institutions with the highest supervisory composite rating and 4% for other depository institutions). Under the rule, Tier 1 capital is redefined to include two components: Common Equity Tier 1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital. The new and highest form of capital, Common Equity Tier 1 capital, consists solely of common stock (plus related surplus), retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income, and limited amounts of minority interests that are in the form of common stock. Additional Tier 1 capital includes other perpetual instruments historically included in Tier 1 capital, such as non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock. The rule permits bank holding companies with less than $15 billion in total consolidated assets to continue to include trust preferred securities and cumulative perpetual preferred stock issued before May 19, 2010 in Tier 1 capital, but not in Common Equity Tier 1 capital, subject to certain restrictions. Tier 2 capital consists of instruments that currently qualify in Tier 2 capital plus instruments that the rule has disqualified from Tier 1 capital treatment. 13 Table of Contents In addition, in order to avoid restrictions on capital distributions or discretionary bonus payments to executives, a covered banking organization must maintain a “capital conservation buffer” on top of its minimum risk-based capital requirements. This buffer must consist solely of Tier 1 Common Equity, but the buffer applies to all three measurements (Common Equity Tier 1, Tier 1 capital and total capital). The capital conservation buffer will be phased in incrementally over time, becoming fully effective on January 1, 2019, and will consist of an additional amount of common equity equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets. The current capital rules require certain deductions from or adjustments to capital. The final rule retains many of these deductions and adjustments and also provides for new ones. As a result, deductions from Common Equity Tier 1 capital will be required for goodwill (net of associated deferred tax liabilities); intangible assets such as non-mortgage servicing assets and purchased credit card relationships (net of associated deferred tax liabilities); deferred tax assets that arise from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards (net of any related valuations allowances and net of deferred tax liabilities); any gain on sale in connection with a securitization exposure; any defined benefit pension fund net asset (net of any associated deferred tax liabilities) held by a bank holding company (this provision does not apply to a bank or savings association); the aggregate amount of outstanding equity investments (including retained earnings) in financial subsidiaries; and identified losses. Other deductions will be necessary from different levels of capital. Additionally, the final rule provides for the deduction of three categories of assets: (i) deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that cannot be realized through net operating loss carrybacks (net of related valuation allowances and of deferred tax liabilities), (ii) mortgage servicing assets (net of associated deferred tax liabilities) and (iii) investments in more than 10% of the issued and outstanding common stock of unconsolidated financial institutions (net of associated deferred tax liabilities). The amount in each category that exceeds 10% of Common Equity Tier 1 capital must be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital. The remaining, non-deducted amounts are then aggregated, and the amount by which this total amount exceeds 15% of Common Equity Tier 1 capital must be deducted from Common Equity Tier 1 capital. Amounts of minority investments in consolidated subsidiaries that exceed certain limits and investments in unconsolidated financial institutions may also have to be deducted from the category of capital to which such instruments belong. Accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) is presumptively included in Common Equity Tier 1 capital and often would operate to reduce this category of capital. The final rule provides a one-time opportunity at the end of the first quarter of 2015 for covered banking organizations to opt out of much of this treatment of AOCI. The final rule also has the effect of increasing capital requirements by increasing the risk weights on certain assets, including high volatility commercial real estate, mortgage servicing rights not includable in Common Equity Tier 1 capital, equity exposures, and claims on securities firms, that are used in the denominator of the three risk-based capital ratios. The federal banking agencies have not proposed rules implementing the final liquidity framework of Basel III, and have not determined to what extent they will apply to U.S. banks that are not large, internationally active banks. It is management’s belief that, as of December 31, 2014, the Company and the Bank would have met all capital adequacy requirements under Basel III on a fully phased-in basis if such requirements were effective at that time. 14 Table of Contents North Carolina Banking Laws and Supervision General. As a North Carolina savings bank, Asheville Savings is subject to supervision, regulation and examination by the NCCoB and to various North Carolina statutes and regulations which govern, among other things, investment powers, lending and deposit taking activities, borrowings, maintenance of surplus and reserve accounts, distributions of earnings and payment of dividends. In addition, Asheville Savings is also subject to North Carolina consumer protection and civil rights laws and regulations. The approval of the NCCoB is required for a North Carolina savings bank to establish or relocate branches, merge with other financial institutions, organize a holding company, issue stock and undertake certain other activities. Net Worth Requirement. North Carolina law requires that a North Carolina savings bank maintain a net worth of not less than 5% of its total assets. Intangible assets must be deducted from net worth and assets when computing compliance with this requirement. Investment Activities. Subject to limitation by the NCCoB, North Carolina savings banks may make any loan or investment or engage in any activity that is permitted to federally chartered institutions. In addition to such lending authority, North Carolina savings banks are generally authorized to invest funds in certain statutorily permitted investments, including but not limited to (i) obligations of the United States, or those guaranteed by it; (ii) obligations of the State of North Carolina; (iii) bank demand or time deposits; (iv) stock or obligations of the federal deposit insurance fund or a Federal Home Loan Bank; (v) savings accounts of any savings institution as approved by the board of directors; and (vi) stock or obligations of any agency of the State of North Carolina or of the United States or of any corporation doing business in North Carolina whose principal business is to make education loans. However, a North Carolina savings bank cannot invest more than 15% of its total assets in business, commercial, corporate and agricultural loans, and cannot directly or indirectly acquire or retain any corporate debt security that is not of investment grade. Loans to One Borrower Limitations. North Carolina law provides state savings banks with broad lending authority. However, subject to certain limited exceptions, no loans and extensions of credit to any borrower outstanding at one time and not fully secured by readily marketable collateral shall exceed 15% of the net worth of the savings bank, as defined. In addition, loans and extensions of credit fully secured by readily marketable collateral may not exceed 10% of the net worth of the savings bank. These limitations do not apply to loans or obligations made: (i) for any purpose otherwise permitted under North Carolina law in an amount not to exceed $500,000; (ii) to develop domestic residential housing units, not to exceed the lesser of $30.0 million or 30% of the savings bank’s net worth, provided that the purchase price of each single-family dwelling in the development does not exceed $500,000 and the aggregate amount of loans made pursuant to this authority does not exceed 150% of the savings bank’s net worth; or (iii) to finance the sale of real property acquired in satisfaction of debts in an amount up to 50% of the savings bank’s net worth. Dividends. A North Carolina stock savings bank may not declare or pay a cash dividend on, or repurchase any of, its capital stock if after making such distribution, the institution would become, or if it already is, “undercapitalized” (as such term is defined under applicable law and regulations) or such transaction would reduce the net worth of the institution to an amount which is less than the minimum amount required by applicable federal and state regulations. Regulatory Enforcement Authority. Any North Carolina savings bank that does not operate in accordance with the regulations, policies and directives of the NCCoB may be subject to sanctions for noncompliance, including revocation of its articles of incorporation. The NCCoB may, under certain circumstances, suspend or remove officers or directors of a state savings bank who have violated the law or conducted the bank’s business in a manner which is unsafe or unsound. Upon finding that a state savings bank has engaged in an unsafe, unsound or discriminatory manner, the NCCoB may issue an order to cease and desist and impose civil monetary penalties on the institution. 15 Table of Contents Federal Banking Regulations Capital Requirements. Under the FDIC’s regulations, federally insured state-chartered banks that are not members of the Federal Reserve System (“state non-member banks”), such as Asheville Savings, are required to comply with minimum leverage capital requirements. For an institution determined by the FDIC to not be anticipating or experiencing significant growth and to be, in general, a strong banking organization rated composite 1 under the Uniform Financial Institutions Ranking System established by the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council, the minimum capital leverage requirement is a ratio of Tier 1 capital to total assets of 3.0%. For all other institutions, the minimum leverage capital ratio is not less than 4.0%. Tier 1 capital is the sum of common shareholders’ equity, noncumulative perpetual preferred stock (including any related surplus) and minority investments in certain subsidiaries, less intangible assets (except for certain servicing rights and credit card relationships) and certain other specified items. In addition, FDIC regulations require state non-member banks to maintain certain ratios of regulatory capital to regulatory risk-weighted assets, or “risk-based capital ratios.” Risk-based capital ratios are determined by allocating assets and specified off-balance sheet items to four risk-weighted categories ranging from 0.0% to 100.0%. State nonmember banks must maintain a minimum ratio of total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0%, of which at least one-half must be Tier 1 capital. Total capital consists of Tier 1 capital plus Tier 2 or supplementary capital items, which include allowances for loan losses in an amount of up to 1.25% of risk-weighted assets, cumulative preferred stock and certain other capital instruments, and a portion of the net unrealized gain on equity securities. The includable amount of Tier 2 capital cannot exceed the amount of the institution’s Tier 1 capital. As further described under “Regulation and Supervision – Basel Capital Standards ,” in July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that will revise their risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by Basel III and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule became effective on January 1, 2015 and applies to all depository institutions, top-tier bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $500 million or more (such as the Company) and top-tier savings and loan holding companies. Standards for Safety and Soundness. As required by statute, the federal banking agencies adopted final regulations and Interagency Guidelines Establishing Standards for Safety and Soundness to implement safety and soundness standards. The guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. The guidelines address internal controls and information systems, internal audit system, credit underwriting, loan documentation, interest rate exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings and compensation, fees and benefits. Most recently, the agencies have established standards for safeguarding customer information. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. 16 Table of Contents Investment Activities. Since the enactment of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act (the “FDICIA”), all state-chartered federally insured banks, including savings banks, have generally been limited in their investment activities to principal and equity investments of the type and in the amount authorized for national banks, notwithstanding state law. The FDICIA and the FDIC regulations promulgated thereunder permit exceptions to these limitations. For example, state chartered banks may, with FDIC approval, continue to exercise state authority to invest in common or preferred stocks listed on a national securities exchange or the Nasdaq Global Market and in the shares of an investment company registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. The maximum permissible investment is 100% of Tier 1 Capital, as specified by the FDIC’s regulations, or the maximum amount permitted by North Carolina law, whichever is less. In addition, the FDIC is authorized to permit such institutions to engage in state authorized activities or investments not permissible for national banks (other than non-subsidiary equity investments) if they meet all applicable capital requirements and it is determined that such activities or investments do not pose a significant risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The FDIC has adopted regulations governing the procedures for institutions seeking approval to engage in such activities or investments. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 specifies that a non-member bank may control a subsidiary that engages in activities as principal that would only be permitted for a national bank to conduct in a “financial subsidiary” if a bank meets specified conditions and deducts its investment in the subsidiary for regulatory capital purposes. Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulatory authorities take “prompt corrective action” with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For these purposes, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized and critically undercapitalized. The FDIC has adopted regulations to implement the prompt corrective action legislation. An institution is deemed to be “well capitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.0% or greater and a leverage ratio of 5.0% or greater. An institution is “adequately capitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.0% or greater, and generally a leverage ratio of 4.0% or greater. An institution is “undercapitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 8.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 4.0%, or generally a leverage ratio of less than 4.0%. An institution is deemed to be “significantly undercapitalized” if it has a total risk-based capital ratio of less than 6.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of less than 3.0%, or a leverage ratio of less than 3.0%. An institution is considered to be “critically undercapitalized” if it has a ratio of tangible equity (as defined in the regulations) to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0%. “Undercapitalized” banks must adhere to growth, capital distribution (including dividend) and other limitations and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. A bank’s compliance with such a plan is required to be guaranteed by any company that controls the undercapitalized institution in an amount equal to the lesser of 5.0% of the institution’s total assets when deemed undercapitalized or the amount necessary to achieve the status of adequately capitalized. If an “undercapitalized” bank fails to submit an acceptable plan, it is treated as if it is “significantly undercapitalized.” “Significantly undercapitalized” banks must comply with one or more of a number of additional restrictions, including but not limited to an order by the FDIC to sell sufficient voting stock to become adequately capitalized, requirements to reduce total assets, cease receipt of deposits from correspondent banks or dismiss directors or officers, and restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, compensation of executive officers and capital distributions by the parent holding company. “Critically undercapitalized” institutions are subject to additional measures including, subject to a narrow exception, the appointment of a receiver or conservator within 270 days after it obtains such status. 17 Table of Contents As further described under “Regulation and Supervision – Basel Capital Standards ,” in July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that will revise their risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by Basel III and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. The final rule became effective on January 1, 2015 and applies to all depository institutions, top-tier bank holding companies with total consolidated assets of $500 million or more (such as the Company) and top-tier savings and loan holding companies. It is management’s belief that, as of December 31, 2014, the Company and the Bank would have met all capital adequacy requirements under Basel III on a fully phased-in basis if such requirements were effective at that time. Transactions with Affiliates. Various legal limitations restrict the Bank from lending or otherwise supplying funds to the Company or its non-bank subsidiaries. The Company and the Bank are subject to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and Federal Reserve Regulation W. Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act places limits on the amount of loans or extensions of credit to, or investments in, or certain other transactions with, affiliates and on the amount of advances to third parties collateralized by the securities or obligations of affiliates. The aggregate of all covered transactions is limited in amount, as to any one affiliate, to 10% of the Bank’s capital and surplus and, as to all affiliates combined, to 20% of the Bank’s capital and surplus. Furthermore, within the foregoing limitations as to amount, each covered transaction must meet specified collateral requirements. The Bank is forbidden to purchase low quality assets from an affiliate. Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act, among other things, prohibits a bank from engaging in certain transactions with certain affiliates unless the transactions are on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to such bank or its subsidiaries, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving other nonaffiliated companies. If there are no comparable transactions, a bank’s (or one of its subsidiaries’) affiliate transaction must be on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, that in good faith would be offered to, or would apply to, nonaffiliated companies. Regulation W generally excludes all non-bank and non-savings association subsidiaries of banks from treatment as affiliates, except to the extent that the Federal Reserve decides to treat these subsidiaries as affiliates The Bank is also subject to certain restrictions on extensions of credit to executive officers, directors, certain principal shareholders, and their related interests. Those extensions of credit: • must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with third parties; and • must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. Effective as of July 21, 2011, the Dodd-Frank Act expands the definition of affiliate for purposes of quantitative and qualitative limitations of Section 23A of the Federal Reserve Act to include mutual funds advised by a depositor institution or its affiliates. The Dodd-Frank Act will apply Section 23A and Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act (governing transactions with insiders) to derivative transactions, repurchase agreements and securities lending and borrowing transaction that create credit exposure to an affiliate or an insider. Any such transactions with affiliates must be fully secured. The Dodd-Frank Act also prohibits an insured depository institution from purchasing an asset from or selling an asset to an insider unless the transaction is on market terms and, if representing more than 10% of capital, is approved in advance by the disinterested directors. 18 Table of Contents Enforcement. The FDIC has extensive enforcement authority over insured state-chartered savings banks, including Asheville Savings. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, issue cease and desist orders and remove directors and officers. In general, these enforcement actions may be initiated in response to violations of laws and regulations and unsafe or unsound practices. The FDIC has authority under federal law to appoint a conservator or receiver for an insured bank under limited circumstances. The FDIC is required, with certain exceptions, to appoint a receiver or conservator for an insured state non-member bank if that bank was “critically undercapitalized” on average during the calendar quarter beginning 270 days after the date on which the institution became “critically undercapitalized.” The FDIC may also appoint itself as conservator or receiver for an insured state non-member institution under specific circumstances on the basis of the institution’s financial condition or upon the occurrence of other events, including: (1) insolvency; (2) substantial dissipation of assets or earnings through violations of law or unsafe or unsound practices; (3) existence of an unsafe or unsound condition to transact business; and (4) insufficient capital, or the incurring of losses that will deplete substantially all of the institution’s capital with no reasonable prospect of replenishment without federal assistance. Insurance of Deposit Accounts. The FDIC insures deposits at FDIC insured financial institutions such as Asheville Savings. Deposit accounts at the Bank are insured by the FDIC generally up to a maximum of $250,000 per separately insured depositor and up to a maximum of $250,000 for self-directed retirement accounts. Certain accounts were 100% insured through the end of 2012. By federal law, as of January 1, 2013, funds in a noninterest-bearing transaction account (including an Interest on Lawyer Trust Account (“IOLTA”)) no longer receive unlimited deposit insurance coverage, but are FDIC-insured to the legal maximum of $250,000 for each ownership category. The FDIC charges the insured financial institutions premiums to maintain the Deposit Insurance Fund. Effective April 1, 2011, FDIC deposit assessments are based on an institution’s average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity as opposed to total deposits. Since the new base is much larger than the previous base, the FDIC also lowered assessment rates so that the total amount of revenue collected from the industry would not be significantly altered. The rule is expected to benefit smaller financial institutions, which typically rely more on deposits for funding, and shift more of the burden for supporting the insurance fund to larger institutions, which have greater access to non-deposit sources of funding. The Bank’s 2014 FDIC insurance cost decreased approximately $77,000 primarily as a result of these changes. Federal Home Loan Bank System. Asheville Savings is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of twelve regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The FHLB provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. Asheville Savings, as a member of the FHLB of Atlanta, is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in that Federal Home Loan Bank. At December 31, 2014, Asheville Savings complied with this requirement with an investment in FHLB of Atlanta stock of $2.9 million. The Federal Home Loan Banks were required to provide funds for the resolution of insolvent thrifts in the late 1980s and to contribute funds for affordable housing programs. These requirements, or general results of operations, could reduce or eliminate the dividends that the Federal Home Loan Banks pay to their members and result in the Federal Home Loan Banks imposing a higher rate of interest on advances to their members. If dividends were reduced, or interest on future Federal Home Loan Bank advances increased, our net interest income would likely also be reduced. 19 Table of Contents Community Reinvestment Act. Under the Community Reinvestment Act, as implemented by FDIC regulations, a savings association has a continuing and affirmative obligation consistent with its safe and sound operation to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income neighborhoods. The Community Reinvestment Act does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions nor does it limit an institution’s discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. The Community Reinvestment Act requires the FDIC, in connection with its examination of a savings institution, to assess the institution’s record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution. The Community Reinvestment Act requires public disclosure of an institution’s rating and requires the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation to provide a written evaluation of an association’s Community Reinvestment Act performance utilizing a four-tiered descriptive rating system. Asheville Savings received a “satisfactory” rating as a result of its most recent Community Reinvestment Act assessment. Other Regulations Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Asheville Savings are subject to state usury laws and federal laws concerning interest rates. The Bank’s operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the: • Truth-In-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers; • Home Mortgage Disclosure Act of 1975, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the community it serves; • Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in extending credit; • Fair Credit Reporting Act of 1978, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies; • Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies; and • Rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws. The operations of Asheville Savings also are subject to, among other things, the: • Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records; • Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which governs automatic deposits to and withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers’ rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller machines and other electronic banking services; • Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as “Check 21”), which gives “substitute checks,” such as digital check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check; 20 Table of Contents • Title III of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (referred to as the “USA PATRIOT Act”), which significantly expands the responsibilities of financial institutions in preventing the use of the U.S. financial system to fund terrorist activities. Among other provisions, it requires financial institutions operating in the United States to develop new anti-money laundering compliance programs, due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements, also applicable to financial institutions, under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulations; and • The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial institutions offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution’s privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to “opt out” of the sharing of personal financial information with unaffiliated third parties. Federal Reserve System The FRB regulations require savings institutions to maintain noninterest earning reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily Negotiable Order of Withdrawal (“NOW”) and regular checking accounts). The regulations generally provide that reserves be maintained against aggregate transaction accounts as follows: a 3% reserve ratio is assessed on net transaction accounts up to and including $89.0 million; a 10% reserve ratio is applied above $89.0 million. The first $13.3 million of otherwise reservable balances (subject to adjustments by the FRB) are exempted from the reserve requirements. The amounts are adjusted annually. Asheville Savings complies with the foregoing requirements. Holding Company Regulation The Company is subject to examination, regulation and periodic reporting under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, as administered by the FRB. As a result, prior FRB approval would be required for the Company to acquire direct or indirect ownership or control of any voting securities of any bank or bank holding company if, after such acquisition, it would, directly or indirectly, own or control more than 5% of any class of voting shares of the bank or bank holding company. In addition to the approval of the FRB, before any bank acquisition can be completed, prior approval may also be required to be obtained from other agencies having supervisory jurisdiction over the bank to be acquired. A bank holding company is generally prohibited from engaging in, or acquiring, direct or indirect control of more than 5% of the voting securities of any company engaged in non-banking activities. One of the principal exceptions to this prohibition is for activities found by the FRB to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Some of the principal activities that the FRB has determined by regulation to be so closely related to banking are: (i) making or servicing loans; (ii) performing certain data processing services; (iii) providing discount brokerage services; (iv) acting as fiduciary, investment or financial advisor; (v) leasing personal or real property; (vi) making investments in corporations or projects designed primarily to promote community welfare; and (vii) acquiring a savings and loan association. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 authorizes a bank holding company that meets specified conditions, including being “well capitalized” and “well managed,” to opt to become a “financial holding company” and thereby engage in a broader array of financial activities than previously permitted. Such activities can include insurance underwriting and investment banking. The Company is also subject to the FRB’s capital adequacy guidelines for bank holding companies (on a consolidated basis) substantially similar to those of the FDIC for Asheville Savings. 21 Table of Contents A bank holding company is generally required to give the FRB prior written notice of any purchase or redemption of then outstanding equity securities if the gross consideration for the purchase or redemption, when combined with the net consideration paid for all such purchases or redemptions during the preceding 12 months, is equal to 10% or more of the company’s consolidated net worth. The FRB may disapprove such a purchase or redemption if it determines that the proposal would constitute an unsafe and unsound practice, or would violate any law, regulation, FRB order or directive, or any condition imposed by, or written agreement with, the FRB. The FRB has adopted an exception to this approval requirement for well-capitalized bank holding companies that meet certain other conditions. The FRB has issued a policy statement regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies. In general, the FRB’s policies provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the bank holding company appears consistent with the organization’s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. The FRB’s policies also require that a bank holding company serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks by standing ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to those banks during periods of financial stress or adversity and by maintaining the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks where necessary. Under the prompt corrective action laws, the ability of a bank holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could affect the ability of the Company to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, depository institutions are liable to the FDIC for losses suffered or anticipated by the FDIC in connection with the default of a commonly controlled depository institution or any assistance provided by the FDIC to such an institution in danger of default. This law would have potential applicability if the Company ever held as a separate subsidiary a depository institution in addition to Asheville Savings. The Company and the Bank will be affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of various agencies of the United States Government, including the Federal Reserve System. In view of changing conditions in the national economy and in the money markets, it is impossible for management to accurately predict future changes in monetary policy or the effect of such changes on the business or financial condition of the Company or the Bank. The status of the Company as a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act will not exempt it from certain federal and state laws and regulations applicable to corporations generally, including, without limitation, certain provisions of the federal securities laws. Federal Securities Laws The Company’s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. As a result, the Company is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 22 Table of Contents Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. As directed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Company’s principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer each are required to certify that the Company’s quarterly and annual reports do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact. The rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 have several requirements, including having these officers certify that: they are responsible for establishing, maintaining and regularly evaluating the effectiveness of our internal controls; they have made certain disclosures to our auditors and the audit committee of the board of directors about our internal controls; and they have included information in our quarterly and annual reports about their evaluation and whether there have been significant changes in our internal controls or in other factors that could significantly affect internal controls. FEDERAL AND STATE TAXATION Federal Income Taxation General. We report our income on a calendar year basis using the accrual method of accounting. The federal income tax laws apply to us in the same manner as to other corporations with some exceptions, including particularly our reserve for bad debts discussed below. The following discussion of tax matters is intended only as a summary and does not purport to be a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to us. The Bank’s federal income tax returns were examined for 2008, 2009 and 2010. For its 2014 and 2013 calendar years, the Company’s maximum marginal federal income tax rate was 34%. The Company and the Bank have entered into a tax allocation agreement. Because the Company owns 100% of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Bank, the Company and the Bank are members of an affiliated group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, of which group the Company is the common parent corporation. As a result of this affiliation, the Bank may be included in the filing of a consolidated federal income tax return with the Company and, if a decision to file a consolidated tax return is made, the parties agree to compensate each other for their individual share of the consolidated tax liability and/or any tax benefits provided by them in the filing of the consolidated federal income tax return. Bad Debt Reserves. For fiscal years beginning before June 30, 1996, thrift institutions that qualified under certain definitional tests and other conditions of the Internal Revenue Code were permitted to use certain favorable provisions to calculate their deductions from taxable income for annual additions to their bad debt reserve. A reserve could be established for bad debts on qualifying real property loans, generally secured by interests in real property improved or to be improved, under the percentage of taxable income method or the experience method. The reserve for nonqualifying loans was computed using the experience method. Federal legislation enacted in 1996 repealed the reserve method of accounting for bad debts and the percentage of taxable income method for tax years beginning after 1995 and require savings institutions to recapture or take into income certain portions of their accumulated bad debt reserves. Distributions. If Asheville Savings makes “non-dividend distributions” to the Company, the distributions will be considered to have been made from the Bank’s unrecaptured tax bad debt reserves, including the balance of its reserves as of December 31, 1987, to the extent of the “non-dividend distributions,” and then from the Bank’s supplemental reserve for losses on loans, to the extent of those reserves, and an amount based on the amount distributed, but not more than the amount of those reserves, will be included in the Bank’s taxable income. Non-dividend distributions include distributions in excess of the Bank’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, as calculated for federal income tax purposes, distributions in redemption of stock, and distributions in partial or complete liquidation. Dividends paid out of the Bank’s current or accumulated earnings and profits will not be so included in the Bank’s taxable income. 23 Table of Contents The amount of additional taxable income triggered by a non-dividend is an amount that, when reduced by the tax attributable to the income, is equal to the amount of the distribution. Therefore, if Asheville Savings makes a non-dividend distribution to the Company, approximately one and one-half times the amount of the distribution not in excess of the amount of the reserves would be includable in income for federal income tax purposes, assuming a 34% federal corporate income tax rate. Asheville Savings does not intend to pay dividends that would result in a recapture of any portion of its bad debt reserves. State Taxation North Carolina. North Carolina imposes corporate income and franchise taxes. North Carolina’s corporate income tax was 6% for 2014 for the portion of a corporation’s net income allocable to the state. If a corporation in North Carolina does business in North Carolina and in one or more other states, North Carolina taxes a fraction of the corporation’s income based on the amount of sales, payroll and property it maintains within North Carolina. Effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2014, North Carolina's corporate income tax rate decreased to 6% from 6.9%. Effective for tax years beginning on or after January 1, 2015, North Carolina's corporate income tax rate will decrease to 5% from 6%. North Carolina franchise tax is levied on business corporations at the rate of $1.50 per $1,000 of the largest of the following three alternate bases: (i) the amount of the corporation’s capital stock, surplus and undivided profits apportionable to the state; (ii) 55% of the appraised value of the corporation’s property in the state subject to local taxation; or (iii) the book value of the corporation’s real and tangible personal property in the state less any outstanding debt that was created to acquire or improve real property in the state. Any cash dividends, in excess of a certain exempt amount, that would be paid with respect to ASB Bancorp, Inc. common stock to a shareholder (including a partnership and certain other entities) who is a resident of North Carolina will be subject to the North Carolina income tax. Any distribution by a corporation from earnings according to percentage ownership is considered a dividend, and the definition of a dividend for North Carolina income tax purposes may not be the same as the definition of a dividend for federal income tax purposes. A corporate distribution may be treated as a dividend for North Carolina income tax purposes if it is paid from funds that exceed the corporation’s earned surplus and profits under certain circumstances. Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business Significant loan losses could require us to increase our allowance for loan losses through a charge to earnings. When we loan money we incur the risk that our borrowers will not repay their loans. We provide for loan losses by establishing an allowance through a charge to earnings. The amount of this allowance is based on our assessment of loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio. The process for determining the amount of the allowance is critical to our financial condition and results of operations. It requires subjective and complex judgments about the future, including forecasts of economic or market conditions that might impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans. We might underestimate the loan losses inherent in our loan portfolio and have loan losses in excess of the amount recorded in our allowance for loan losses. In addition, we might increase the allowance because of changing economic conditions. For example, in a rising interest rate environment, borrowers with adjustable-rate loans could see their payments increase. There may be a significant increase in the number of borrowers who are unable or unwilling to repay their loans, resulting in our charging off more loans and increasing our allowance. Furthermore, when real estate values decline, the potential severity of loss on a real estate-secured loan can increase significantly, especially in the case of loans with high combined loan-to-value ratios. Downturns in the national economy and the local economies of the areas in which our loans are concentrated could result in an increase in loan delinquencies, foreclosures or repossessions resulting in increased charge-off amounts and the need for additional loan loss allowances in future periods. In addition, our determination as to the amount of our allowance for loan losses is subject to review by our primary regulators, the FDIC and the NCCoB, as part of their examination process, which may result in the establishment of an additional allowance based upon the judgment of the 24 Table of Contents FDIC and/or the NCCoB after a review of the information available at the time of their examination. Our allowance for loan losses amounted to $5.9 million and $7.3 million, or 1.14% and 1.63% of total loans outstanding and 221.32% and 610.44% of nonperforming loans, at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. A large loss could deplete the allowance and require increased provisions to replenish the allowance, which would decrease our earnings. In addition, at December 31, 2014, we had 77 loan relationships with outstanding balances that exceeded $1.0 million, all of which were performing according to their original terms. The deterioration of one or more of these loan relationships could result in a significant increase in our nonperforming loans and our provision for loan losses, which would negatively impact our results of operations. Our commercial lending activities exposed us to losses in recent recessionary periods and our continued emphasis on commercial lending may expose us to future lending risks. Our emphasis on commercial mortgage, commercial construction and commercial land development loans exposed us to losses as the recent economic recession has adversely affected many businesses and developers in our market area. We are continuing to emphasize our commercial mortgage and commercial and industrial lending activities. At December 31, 2014, 30.6% of our commercial real estate loans were secured by owner-occupied properties. At December 31, 2014, our loan portfolio included $201.3 million, or 38.5% of total loans, of commercial mortgage loans, $21.7 million, or 4.2% of total loans, of commercial construction and land development loans, and $15.9 million, or 3.0% of total loans, of commercial and industrial loans. Commercial mortgage loans, commercial construction and land development loans and commercial and industrial loans generally expose a lender to greater risk of nonpayment and loss than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans because repayment of these loans often depends on the successful operation of the property and the income stream of the borrowers, and in the case of commercial construction and land development loans, the successful completion and sale of the project. Such loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. Commercial and industrial loans also expose us to additional risks since they typically are made on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make repayments from the cash flow of the borrower’s business and are secured by non-real estate collateral that may depreciate over time. In addition, since such loans generally entail greater risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, we may need to increase our allowance for loan losses in the future to account for the likely increase in probable credit losses associated with the growth of such loans. Also, many of our commercial borrowers have more than one loan outstanding with us. Consequently, an adverse development with respect to one loan or one credit relationship can expose us to a significantly greater risk of loss compared to an adverse development with respect to a one-to-four family residential mortgage loan. A slowing or declining of national and local economic conditions could result in increases in our level of nonperforming loans and/or reduce demand for our products and services, which may negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Our business activities and earnings are affected by general business conditions in the United States and in our primary market area. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, unemployment levels, monetary supply, consumer confidence and spending, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets and the strength of the economy in the United States generally and in our primary market area in particular. In recent years, the national economy has experienced recessionary conditions that have resulted in general economic downturns, with rising unemployment levels, declines in real estate values and an erosion in consumer confidence. Over the course of the past year, the tourism industry in the Asheville metropolitan area has largely recovered, which positively impacted the economy in a number of our local markets, such as Buncombe and Henderson Counties, that directly benefit from this industry, and the overall unemployment rate in the Asheville metropolitan area decreased to 4.0% in December 2014 from 5.0% in December 2013, from 7.5% in December 2012, and from its recessionary high of 10.2% in February 2010. McDowell County, which is located in our primary market area, continued to experience unemployment rates that exceeded both the national and state unemployment rates. As of December 2014, 25 Table of Contents the unemployment rate for McDowell County was 5.6%, while the national and state unemployment rates were 5.6% and 5.5%, respectively. In addition, our primary market area is recovering from a softening of the local real estate market, that included reductions in local property values and declines in the local manufacturing industry, which employs many of our borrowers. While economic conditions and real estate in our primary market areas have shown signs of improvement, there can be no assurance that this improvement will continue or that our local markets will not experience another economic decline. Economic downturns, elevated levels of unemployment, further declines in the values of real estate, or other events that affect household and/or corporate incomes could impair the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans in accordance with their terms. Deterioration in local economic conditions could also drive the level of loan losses beyond the level we have provided for in our allowance for loan and lease losses, which could necessitate increasing our provision for loans losses and reduce our earnings. Additionally, the demand for our products and services could be reduced, which would adversely impact our liquidity and the level of revenues we generate. Further declines in real estate values may cause us to incur losses in our portfolio of foreclosed real estate. Our portfolio of foreclosed real estate includes parcels of unimproved land, land with completed structures and land with structures in various stages of completion. We may have to incur additional costs to complete certain parcels of our foreclosed properties in order to market and sell the parcels, which may not fully recover upon the sale of the parcel thereby causing us to incur additional losses. In addition, although real estate values in our primary market areas have generally shown signs of improvement, there can be no assurance that this improvement will continue. If our local markets experience further declines in the values of real estate, we may have to recognize further write-downs on our foreclosed real estate or incur losses when we sell our foreclosed real estate. The geographic concentration of our loan portfolio and lending activities makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy. Nearly all of our loans are secured by real estate or made to businesses in our primary market area, which consists of Buncombe, Madison, McDowell, Henderson and Transylvania Counties in North Carolina and the surrounding areas. This concentration makes us vulnerable to a downturn in the local economy and real estate markets, such as the one that we experienced beginning in the latter half of 2007. Adverse conditions in the local economy such as inflation, unemployment, recession or other factors beyond our control could impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, which could impact our net interest income. Decreases in local real estate values could adversely affect the value of the property used as collateral for our loans, which could cause us to realize a loss in the event of a foreclosure. Changes in interest rates may hurt our profits and investment securities values. Our net interest income is the interest we earn on loans and investments less the interest we pay on our deposits and borrowings. Our interest rate spread is the difference between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and our borrowings. Changes in interest rates could adversely affect our interest rate spread and, as a result, our net interest income. Although the yield we earn on our assets and our funding costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our interest rate spread to expand or contract. Our liabilities are shorter in duration than our assets, so they will adjust faster in response to changes in interest rates. As a result, when interest rates rise, our funding costs will rise faster than the yield we earn on our assets, causing our interest rate spread to contract until the yield catches up. Changes in the slope of the “yield curve”—or the spread between short-term and long-term interest rates—will also reduce our interest rate spread. Normally, the yield curve is upward sloping, meaning short-term rates are lower than long-term rates. Because our liabilities are shorter in duration than our assets, when the yield curve flattens or even inverts, we will experience pressure on our interest rate spread as our cost of funds increases relative to the yield we can earn on our assets. In addition, our mortgage banking income is sensitive to changes in interest rates. During periods of rising and relatively higher interest rates, mortgage originations for purchased homes can decline considerably and refinanced mortgage activity can severely decrease. During periods of falling and relatively lower interest rates, the opposite effects can occur. 26 Table of Contents Our business strategy includes moderate growth plans, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage our growth effectively. Over the long term, we expect to experience growth in our assets, our deposits and the scale of our operations, whether through organic growth or acquisitions. However, achieving our growth targets requires us to successfully execute our business strategies. Our business strategies include continuing to diversify our loan portfolio by increasing our commercial and industrial lending activities and introducing new and competitive deposit products. Our ability to successfully grow will also depend on the continued availability of loan opportunities that meet our stringent underwriting standards. If we do not manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to achieve our business plan, and our business and prospects could be adversely affected. Financial reform legislation recently enacted by Congress has, among other things, tightened capital standards, created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and resulted in new laws and regulations that are expected to increase our costs of operations. The Dodd-Frank Act enacted in 2010 has significantly changed the current bank regulatory structure and affected the lending, investment, trading and operating activities of financial institutions and their holding companies. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the Federal Reserve Board to set minimum capital levels for bank holding companies that are as stringent as those required for insured depository institutions, and the components of Tier 1 capital would be restricted to capital instruments that are currently considered to be Tier 1 capital for insured depository institutions. The legislation also established a floor for capital of insured depository institutions that cannot be lower than the standards in effect today, and directed the federal banking regulators to implement new leverage and capital requirements that take into account off-balance sheet activities and other risks, including risks relating to securitized products and derivatives. The Dodd-Frank Act also created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions such as Asheville Savings, including the authority to prohibit “unfair, deceptive or abusive” acts and practices. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has examination and enforcement authority over all banks and savings institutions with more than $10.0 billion in assets. Banks and savings institutions with $10.0 billion or less in assets, such as the Bank, will be examined by their applicable bank regulators. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act increased shareholder influence over boards of directors by requiring certain public companies to give shareholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation and so-called “golden parachute” payments. We operate in a highly regulated environment and we may be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations. Asheville Savings is subject to extensive government regulation, supervision and examination by the FDIC and the NCCoB and the Company is subject to regulation and supervision by the FRB. Such regulation, supervision and examination govern the activities in which we may engage, and is intended primarily for the protection of the deposit insurance fund and our depositors. Regulatory authorities have extensive discretion in their supervisory and enforcement activities, including the imposition of restrictions on our operations, the classification of our assets and determination of the level of our allowance for loan losses. Any change in such regulation and oversight, whether in the form of regulatory policy, regulations, legislation or supervisory action, may have a material impact on our operations, including the potential for increased compliance costs. The Dodd-Frank Act required the Federal Reserve Board to promulgate consolidated capital requirements for depository institution holding companies that are no less stringent, both quantitatively and in terms of components of capital, than those applicable to institutions themselves. In early July 2013, the Federal 27 Table of Contents Reserve Board approved revisions to its capital adequacy guidelines and prompt corrective action rules that implement the revised standards of the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, commonly called Basel III, and address relevant provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. “Basel III” refers to two consultative documents released by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2009, the rules text released in December 2010, and loss absorbency rules issued in January 2011, which include significant changes to bank capital, leverage and liquidity requirements. The rules include new risk-based capital and leverage ratios, which are effective January 1, 2015, and revise the definition of what constitutes “capital” for purposes of calculating those ratios. The new minimum capital level requirements applicable to the Company will be: (i) a new common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6% (increased from 4%); (iii) a total capital ratio of 8% (unchanged from current rules); and (iv) a Tier 1 leverage ratio of 4% for all institutions. The rules eliminate the inclusion of certain instruments, such as trust preferred securities, from Tier 1 capital. Instruments issued prior to May 19, 2010 will be grandfathered for companies with consolidated assets of $15 billion or less. The rules also establish a “capital conservation buffer” of 2.5% above the new regulatory minimum capital requirements, which must consist entirely of common equity Tier 1 capital and would result in the following minimum ratios: (i) a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0%, (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5%, and (iii) a total capital ratio of 10.5%. The new capital conservation buffer requirement will be phased in beginning in January 2016 at 0.625% of risk-weighted assets and would increase by that amount each year until fully implemented in January 2019. An institution would be subject to limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses if its capital level falls below the buffer amount. These limitations would establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could be utilized for such actions. Increased and/or special FDIC assessments will hurt our earnings. The recent economic recession caused a high level of bank failures, which dramatically increased FDIC resolution costs and led to a significant reduction in the balance of the deposit insurance fund. As a result, the FDIC significantly increased the initial base assessment rates paid by financial institutions for deposit insurance. If such increases in the base assessment rate occur in the future, our deposit insurance costs may increase thereby negatively impacting our earnings. Strong competition within our market area could hurt our profits and slow growth. Although we consider ourselves competitive in our primary market area of Buncombe, Madison, McDowell, Henderson and Transylvania Counties in North Carolina and the surrounding areas, we face intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. Price competition for loans and deposits might result in us earning less on our loans and paying more on our deposits, which reduces net interest income. Some of the institutions with which we compete have substantially greater resources and lending limits than we have and may offer services that we do not provide. We expect competition to increase in the future as a result of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and the continuing trend of consolidation in the financial services industry. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to compete successfully in our market area. 28 Table of Contents Our operational or security systems may experience an interruption or breach in security, including as a result of cyber-attacks. We rely heavily on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security of these systems, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could result in failures or disruptions in our client relationship management, deposit, loan, and other systems and also the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information. While we have systems, policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of our information systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of client business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny, or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Liquidity needs could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The primary sources of our Bank’s funds are client deposits and loan repayments. While scheduled loan repayments are a relatively stable source of funds, they are subject to the ability of borrowers to repay the loans. The ability of borrowers to repay loans can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inclement weather, natural disasters, which could be exacerbated by potential climate change, and international instability. Additionally, deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, regulatory capital requirements, returns available to clients on alternative investments and general economic conditions. Accordingly, we may be required from time to time to rely on secondary sources of liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such sources include Federal Home Loan Bank advances, sales of securities and loans, and federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, as well as out-of-market time deposits. While we believe that these sources are currently adequate, there can be no assurance they will be sufficient to meet future liquidity demands, particularly if we continue to grow and experience increasing loan demand. We may be required to slow or discontinue loan growth, capital expenditures or other investments or liquidate assets should such sources not be adequate. We are exposed to a need for additional capital resources for the future and these capital resources may not be available when needed or at all. We may need to incur additional debt or equity financing in the future to make strategic acquisitions or investments or to strengthen our capital position. Our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of our control and our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurance that such financing will be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, our ability to further expand our operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be materially impaired. In addition, if we decide to raise additional equity capital, our current shareholders’ interests could be diluted. 29 Table of Contents Failure to keep pace with technological change could adversely affect our business. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in our operations. Many of our competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our clients. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. Consumers may decide not to use banks to complete their financial transactions. Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions through alternative methods that historically have involved banks. For example, consumers can now maintain funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits in brokerage accounts, mutual funds or general-purpose reloadable prepaid cards. Consumers can also complete transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as “disintermediation,” could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost of deposits as a source of funds could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For example, in deciding whether to extend credit to clients, we may assume that a customer’s audited financial statements conform to accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the customer. Our earnings are significantly affected by our ability to properly originate, underwrite and service loans. Our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted to the extent we incorrectly assess the creditworthiness of our borrowers, fail to detect or respond to deterioration in asset quality in a timely manner, or rely on financial statements that do not comply with GAAP or are materially misleading. The accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected because we are exposed to conditions or assumptions different from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies. The preparation of financial statements and related disclosure in conformity with GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, included in this document, describe those significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that are considered “critical” by us because they require judgments, assumptions and estimates that materially impact our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, such events or assumptions could have a material impact on our audited consolidated financial statements and related disclosures 30 Table of Contents We are exposed to the possibility of technology failure and a disruption in our operations may adversely affect our business. We rely on our computer systems and the technology of outside service providers. Our daily operations depend on the operational effectiveness of their technology. We rely on our systems to accurately track and record our assets and liabilities. If our computer systems or outside technology sources become unreliable, fail, or experience a breach of security, our ability to maintain accurate financial records may be impaired, which could materially affect our business operations and financial condition. In addition, a disruption in our operations resulting from failure of transportation and telecommunication systems, loss of power, interruption of other utilities, natural disaster, fire, global climate changes, computer hacking or viruses, failure of technology, terrorist activity or the domestic and foreign response to such activity or other events outside of our control could have an adverse impact on the financial services industry as a whole and/or on our business. Our business recovery plan may not be adequate and may not prevent significant interruptions of our operations or substantial losses. The increased number of cyber attacks during the past few years has further heightened our attention to this risk. As such, we are in the process of implementing additional security software and assigning persons to monitor and assist with the mitigation of this eve increasing risk. Negative public opinion surrounding our company and the financial institutions industry generally could damage our reputation and adversely impact our earnings. Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion surrounding our company and the financial institutions industry generally, is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract clients and employees and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action. Although we take steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with our clients and communities, this risk will always be present given the nature of our business. New capital rules that were recently issued generally require insured depository institutions and their holding companies to hold more capital. The impact of the new rules on our financial condition and operations is uncertain but could be materially adverse. In July 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule that will revise their risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them consistent with agreements that were reached by Basel III and certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act. This rule substantially amended the regulatory risk-based capital rules applicable to us. The requirements in the rule began to phase in on January 1, 2015 for the Company and the Bank. The requirements in the rule will be fully phased in by January 1, 2019. Beginning in 2015, the minimum capital requirements for the Company and the Bank will be (i) a CET1 ratio of 4.5%, (ii) a Tier 1 capital (CET1 plus Additional Tier 1 capital) of 6% (up from 4%) and (iii) a total capital ratio of 8% (the current requirement). Our leverage ratio requirement will remain at the 4% level now required. Beginning in 2016, a capital conservation buffer will phase in over three years, ultimately resulting in a requirement of 2.5% on top of the CET1, Tier 1 and total capital requirements, resulting in a required CET1 ratio of 7%, a Tier 1 ratio of 8.5%, and a total capital ratio of 10.5%. Failure to satisfy any of these three capital requirements will result in limits on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases and paying discretionary bonuses. These limitations will establish a maximum percentage of eligible retained income that could be utilized for such actions. While the final rules will result in higher regulatory capital standards, it is difficult at this time to predict when or how any new standards will ultimately be applied to us. 31 Table of Contents In addition to the higher required capital ratios and the new deductions and adjustments, the final rule increases the risk weights for certain assets, meaning that we will have to hold more capital against these assets. For example, commercial real estate loans that do not meet certain new underwriting requirements must be risk-weighted at 150%, rather than the current 100%. There are also new risk weights for unsettled transactions and derivatives. We also will be required to hold capital against short-term commitments that are not unconditionally cancelable; currently, there are no capital requirements for these off-balance sheet assets. All changes to the risk weights take effect in full in 2015. In addition, in the current economic and regulatory environment, bank regulators may impose capital requirements that are more stringent than those required by applicable existing regulations. The application of more stringent capital requirements for us could, among other things, result in lower returns on equity, require the raising of additional capital, and result in regulatory actions if we were to be unable to comply with such requirements. Implementation of changes to asset risk weightings for risk-based capital calculations, items included or deducted in calculating regulatory capital or additional capital conservation buffers, could result in management modifying our business strategy and could limit our ability to make distributions, including paying dividends or buying back our shares. We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. The federal Bank Secrecy Act, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (which we refer to as the "Patriot Act") and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and maintain effective anti-money laundering programs and file suspicious activity and currency transaction reports as appropriate. The federal Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, established by the U.S. Treasury Department to administer the Bank Secrecy Act, is authorized to impose significant civil money penalties for violations of those requirements and has recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts with the individual federal banking regulators, as well as the U.S. Department of Justice, Drug Enforcement Administration and Internal Revenue Service. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the OFAC. Federal and state bank regulators also have begun to focus on compliance with Bank Secrecy Act and anti-money laundering regulations. If our policies, procedures and systems are deemed deficient or the policies, procedures and systems of the financial institutions that we have already acquired or may acquire in the future are deficient, we would be subject to liability, including fines and regulatory actions such as restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and the necessity to obtain regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including our acquisition plans, which would negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Federal, state and local consumer lending laws may restrict our ability to originate certain mortgage loans or increase our risk of liability with respect to such loans and could increase our cost of doing business. Federal, state and local laws have been adopted that are intended to eliminate certain lending practices considered "predatory." These laws prohibit practices such as steering borrowers away from more affordable products, selling unnecessary insurance to borrowers, repeatedly refinancing loans and making loans without a reasonable expectation that the borrowers will be able to repay the loans irrespective of the value of the underlying property. Loans with certain terms and conditions and that otherwise meet the definition of a "qualified mortgage" may be protected from liability to a borrower for failing to make the necessary determinations. In either case, we may find it necessary to tighten our mortgage loan underwriting standards in response to the CFPB rules, which may constrain our ability to make loans consistent with our business strategies. It is our policy not to make predatory loans and to determine borrowers' ability to repay, but the law and related rules create the potential for increased liability with respect to our lending and loan investment activities. They increase our cost of doing business and, ultimately, may prevent us from making certain loans and cause us to reduce the average percentage rate or the points and fees on loans that we do make. 32 Table of Contents We are subject to federal and state fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. Federal and state fair lending laws and regulations, such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The Department of Justice, CFPB and other federal and state agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution's performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. A successful challenge to our performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could adversely impact our rating under the Community Reinvestment Act and result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on merger and acquisition activity and restrictions on expansion activity, which could negatively impact our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. The Federal Reserve Board may require us to commit capital resources to support the Bank. The Federal Reserve Board requires a bank holding company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength to a subsidiary bank and to commit resources to support such subsidiary bank. Under the "source of strength" doctrine, the Federal Reserve Board may require a bank holding company to make capital injections into a troubled subsidiary bank and may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe and unsound practices for failure to commit resources to such a subsidiary bank. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act directs the federal bank regulators to require that all companies that directly or indirectly control an insured depository institution serve as a source of strength for the institution. Under these requirements, in the future, we could be required to provide financial assistance to our Bank if the Bank experiences financial distress. A capital injection may be required at times when we do not have the resources to provide it, and therefore we may be required to borrow the funds. In the event of a bank holding company's bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee will assume any commitment by the holding company to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank. Moreover, bankruptcy law provides that claims based on any such commitment will be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the holding company's general unsecured creditors, including the holders of its note obligations. Thus, any borrowing that must be done by the holding company in order to make the required capital injection becomes more difficult and expensive and will adversely impact the holding company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The downgrade of the U.S. credit rating could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Recent U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns together with signs of deteriorating sovereign debt conditions in Europe, have increased the possibility of additional credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns in the U.S. Although U.S. lawmakers passed legislation to raise the federal debt ceiling in 2011, Standard & Poor's Ratings Services lowered its long-term sovereign credit rating on the U.S. from "AAA" to "AA+" in August 2011. The impact of any further downgrades to the U.S. government's sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. In January 2013, the U.S. government adopted legislation to suspend the debt limit until May 19, 2013. In October 2013, the debt ceiling was suspended until February 7, 2014, and in February 2014 the debt ceiling was suspended further until March 16, 2015. Moody's and Fitch have each warned that they may downgrade the U.S. government's rating if the federal debt is not stabilized. A downgrade of the U.S. government's credit rating or a default by the U.S. government to satisfy its debt obligations likely would create broader financial turmoil and uncertainty, which would weigh heavily on the global banking system. It is possible that any such impact could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 