” in this Annual Report. We disclaim any obligation to update or revise the forward-looking statements contained herein, except as otherwise required by applicable federal securities laws. 4 Part I Item 1. Business. General AMC Networks Inc. is a Delaware corporation with our principal executive offices at 11 Penn Plaza, New York, NY 10001. AMC Networks Inc. is a holding company and conducts substantially all of its operations through its majority owned or controlled subsidiaries. Unless the context otherwise requires, all references to “we,” “our,” “us,” “AMC Networks” or the “Company” refer to AMC Networks Inc., together with its direct and indirect subsidiaries. “AMC Networks Inc.” refers to AMC Networks Inc. individually as a separate entity. Our telephone number is (212) 324-8500. Our corporate website is http://www.amcnetworks.com and the investor relations section of our website is located at http://investor.amcnetworks.com. We make available, free of charge through the investor relations section of our website, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as our proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). References to our website in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this “Annual Report”) are provided as a convenience and the information contained on, or available through, the website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. AMC Networks Inc. was incorporated on March 9, 2011 as an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Cablevision Systems Corporation (Cablevision Systems Corporation and its subsidiaries are referred to as “Cablevision”). On June 30, 2011, Cablevision spun off the Company (the “Distribution”), and the Company became an independent public company. In connection with the Distribution, Cablevision contributed all of the membership interests of Rainbow Media Holdings LLC (“RMH”) to the Company. RMH owned, directly or indirectly, the businesses included in Cablevision’s Rainbow Media segment. Both Cablevision and AMC Networks continue to be controlled by Charles F. Dolan, certain members of his immediate family and certain family-related entities (collectively the “Dolan Family”). Our Company AMC Networks owns and operates several of cable television’s most recognized brands, delivering high quality content to audiences and a valuable platform to distributors and advertisers. Since our founding in 1980, we have been a pioneer in the cable television programming industry, having created or developed some of the industry’s leading programming networks, with a focus on programming of film and original productions. AMC, which was created in 1984, features original programming that includes critically-acclaimed original scripted dramatic series such as Mad Men , Breaking Bad, Hell on Wheels, TURN: Washington's Spies, Halt and Catch Fire and The Walking Dead , which, in 2014, set a series record of 17.3 million viewers (live/same day) with the broadcast of the season five premiere. Our dedication to quality programming and storytelling also led to the creation of The Independent Film Channel (today known as IFC) in 1994 and WE tv (which we launched as Romance Classics in 1997), as well as our acquisition of SundanceTV (formerly known as Sundance Channel) in 2008. In January 2014, we expanded our global business with the acquisition of Chellomedia from Liberty Global plc. The acquisition provides AMC Networks with television channels that are distributed to more than 390 million subscribers in over 130 countries and span a wide range of programming genres, most notably movie and entertainment networks. In October 2014, we entered into a joint-venture agreement with BBC Worldwide Americas, Inc., the commercial arm of the British Broadcasting Corporation, acquiring a 49.9% interest in the cable channel BBC AMERICA, home of drama series Doctor Who and Orphan Black . The results of Chellomedia and BBC America are consolidated in the financial results of AMC Networks since their respective acquisition dates. Segments We manage our business through the following two operating segments: • National Networks: Principally includes five nationally distributed programming networks: AMC, WE tv, BBC AMERICA, IFC, and SundanceTV. These programming networks are distributed throughout the United States (“U.S.”) via cable and other multichannel video programming distribution platforms, including direct broadcast satellite (“DBS”) and platforms operated by telecommunications providers (we refer collectively to these cable and other multichannel video programming distributors as “multichannel video programming distributors” or “distributors”). AMC, IFC, and SundanceTV are also distributed in Canada. The National Networks operating segment also includes AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology, the National Networks' technical services business, which primarily services most of the nationally distributed programming networks of the Company. • International and Other: Principally includes AMC Networks International (formerly Chellomedia and AMC/Sundance Channel Global), the Company’s international programming businesses consisting of a portfolio of channels in Europe, Latin America, the Middle East and parts of Asia and Africa; IFC Films, the Company’s independent film distribution business; AMC Networks International - DMC (formerly Chello DMC), the broadcast 5 solutions unit of certain networks of AMC Networks International and third party networks; and various developing on-line content distribution initiatives. During 2014, the manner in which our President and Chief Executive Officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, evaluates performance and makes decisions about how to allocate resources changed, resulting in the reorganization of the Company's operating segments. As indicated above, the National Networks operating segment now includes the results of AMC and Sundance Channel in Canada and AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology. Prior to 2014, the results of these operations were included in the International and Other operating segment. Operating segment information for prior periods has been recast to reflect these changes. We earn revenue principally from the distribution of our programming and the sale of advertising. Distribution revenues primarily include affiliation fees paid by distributors to carry our programming networks and the licensing of original programming for digital, foreign and home video distribution. In 2014, distribution revenues and advertising sales accounted for 62% and 38% of our consolidated revenues, net, respectively. No customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated revenues, net for the year ended December 31, 2014. For financial information of the Company by operating segment, see Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Consolidated Results of Operations” and Note 22 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Our Strengths Our strengths include: Strong Industry Presence and Portfolio of Brands. We have operated in the cable programming industry for more than 30 years, and, over this time, we have continually enhanced the value of our network portfolio. Our programming network brands are well known and well regarded by our key constituents—our viewers, distributors and advertisers—and have developed strong followings within their respective targeted demographics, increasing our value to distributors and advertisers. AMC (which targets adults aged 18 to 49 and 25 to 54), WE tv (which targets women aged 18 to 49 and 25 to 54), BBC AMERICA (which targets adults aged 25 to 54), IFC (which targets adults aged 18 to 49) and SundanceTV (which targets adults aged 25 to 54) have established themselves as important within their respective markets. Our deep and established presence in the industry and the recognition we have received for our brands through industry awards and other honors lend us a high degree of credibility with distributors and content producers, and help provide us with stable affiliate and studio relationships, advantageous channel placements and heightened viewer engagement. Broad Distribution and Penetration of Our National Networks . Our national networks are broadly distributed in the United States. AMC, WE tv, BBC AMERICA, IFC and SundanceTV are each carried by all major multichannel video programming distributors. Our national networks are available to a significant percentage of subscribers in these distributors’ systems. This broad distribution and penetration provides us with a strong national platform on which to maintain, promote and grow our business. Compelling Programming. We continually refine our mix of programming and, in addition to our film content, have increasingly focused on highly-visible, critically-acclaimed original programming, including the award-winning Mad Men , Breaking Bad, Orphan Black, Doctor Who, The Honorable Woman and The Walking Dead , the highest-rated drama series in basic cable history and the number one show on all of television among adults 18-49 in 2014. Other popular series include Top Gear, Broadchurch, TURN: Washington’s Spies, Halt and Catch Fire, Hell on Wheels , Rectify, The Returned, Braxton Family Values , Marriage Boot Camp, SWV Reunited, Mary Mary, Portlandia and Maron . Our focus on quality original programming, targeting specific audiences, has allowed us in recent years to increase our programming networks’ ratings and their viewership within these respective targeted demographics. Recurring Revenue from Affiliation Agreements . Our affiliation agreements with multichannel video programming distributors are a recurring source of revenue. We generally seek to structure these agreements so that they are long-term in nature and to stagger their expiration dates, thereby increasing the predictability and stability of our affiliation fee revenues. Desirable Advertising Platform . Our national networks have a strong connection with each of their respective targeted demographics, which makes our programming networks an attractive platform to advertisers. We have experienced significant growth in our advertising revenues in recent years, which contributes to our ability to develop high-quality original programming. Our Strategy Our strategy is to maintain and improve our position as a leading programming and entertainment company by owning and operating several of the most popular and award-winning brands in cable television that create engagement with audiences globally across multiple media and distribution platforms. The key focuses of our strategy are: 6 Continued Development of High-Quality Original Programming . We intend to continue developing strong original programming across all of our programming networks to enhance our brands, strengthen our relationships with our viewers, distributors and advertisers, and increase distribution and audience ratings. We intend to continue to seek increased distribution of our national networks to grow affiliate and advertising revenues. We believe that our continued investment in original programming supports future growth in distribution and advertising revenue. We also intend to continue to expand the exploitation of our original programming across multiple media and distribution platforms. Increased Global Distribution . We are expanding the distribution of our programming networks around the globe. We first expanded beyond the U.S. market with the launch in Canada of IFC (in 2001) and AMC (in 2006), and Sundance Channel in Europe (in 2010). In 2014, AMC was launched and is now available in over 120 countries, replacing the MGM channel in certain territories. Additionally, Sundance Channel has expanded its distribution to over 70 countries. AMC Networks International's channels are available in over 390 million homes worldwide. Continued Growth of Advertising Revenue . We have a proven track record of significantly increasing revenue by introducing advertising on networks that were previously not advertiser-supported. We first accomplished this in 2002, when we moved AMC and WE tv to an advertiser-supported model, followed by IFC in December 2010, and SundanceTV in September 2013. Prior to September 2013, SundanceTV principally sold sponsorships. We seek to continue to evolve the programming on each of our networks to achieve even stronger viewer engagement within their respective core targeted demographics, thereby increasing the value of our programming to advertisers and allowing us to obtain higher advertising rates. We are continuing to seek additional advertising revenue through higher Nielsen ratings in desirable demographics. Increased Control of Content . We believe that control (including long-term contract arrangements) and ownership of content is becoming increasingly important, and we intend to increase our control position over our programming content. We currently control, own or have long-term license agreements covering significant portions of our content across our programming networks as well as in our independent film distribution business operated by IFC Films. We intend to continue to focus on obtaining the broadest possible control rights (both as to territory and platforms) for our content. Exploitation of Emerging Media Platforms . The technological landscape surrounding the distribution of entertainment content is continuously evolving as new digital platforms emerge. We intend to distribute our content across as many of these new platforms as possible, when it makes business sense to do so, so that our viewers can access our content where, when and how they want it. To that end, our programming networks are allowing many of our distributors to offer our content to subscribers on computers and other digital devices, and on video-on-demand platforms, all of which permit subscribers to access programs at their convenience. We also make our IFC Films library and certain of our other content available on third-party digital platforms such as Netflix and iTunes. In addition to amctv.com, which delivers approximately 5 million unique browsers each month, our networks each host dedicated websites that promote their brands, provide programming information and provide access to content. Key Challenges We face a number of challenges, including: • intense competition in the markets in which we operate; • a limited number of distributors for our programming networks; • unpredictable and volatile viewer preferences; • continuing availability of desirable programming; • regulatory and other risks associated with doing business in international countries and territories; • integration of acquired businesses; and • significant levels of debt and leverage, as a result of the debt financing agreements described under Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” See Item 1A, “Risk Factors” for a discussion of these and other factors that could impact our performance and operating results. National Networks We operate five nationally distributed entertainment programming networks: AMC, WE tv, BBC AMERICA, IFC, and SundanceTV which are available to our distributors in high-definition and/or standard-definition formats. Our programming networks principally generate their revenues from the distribution of programming and the sale of advertising. Affiliation fees paid by multichannel video programming distributors represent the largest component of distribution revenue, which also includes the licensing of original programming for digital, foreign and home video distribution. 7 AMC Whether commemorating favorite films from various genres and decades or creating acclaimed original programming, AMC is a television network dedicated to the highest-quality storytelling in keeping with its "Something More" brand. AMC launched in 1984, has garnered many of the industry’s highest honors, including multiple Emmy Awards, Golden Globe Awards, Screen Actors Guild Awards, Peabody Awards, and American Film Institute (AFI) Awards for Top 10 Most Outstanding Television Programs of the Year. The network is the only cable network in history to win the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series four years in a row ( Mad Men from 2008-2011), and for six out of the last seven years ( Breaking Bad in 2013 and 2014). Also in 2014, Breaking Bad ’s Bryan Cranston received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series, Aaron Paul received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series, and Anna Gunn received the Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series. In addition, AMC is home to, The Walking Dead, the highest-rated drama series in basic cable history and the number one show on all of television among adults 18-49 in 2014. AMC’s original drama series include Mad Men , Breaking Bad, The Walking Dead , Hell on Wheels , TURN: Washington’s Spies and Halt and Catch Fire . The network will premiere four new series in 2015: Better Call Saul , a Breaking Bad prequel based on the Saul Goodman character; Badlands (working title), a martial arts drama; Humans , a sci-fi drama and international co-production; and The Making of The Mob: New York , a special event mini-series about the rise of the American mafia . Additionally, AMC's programming includes the unscripted original shows Talking Dead and Comic Book Men . AMC’s film library consists of films that are licensed under long-term contracts from major studios such as Twentieth Century Fox, Warner Bros., Sony, MGM, NBC Universal, Paramount and Buena Vista. AMC generally structures its contracts for the exclusive cable television rights to air the films during identified window periods. AMC Subscribers and Affiliation Agreements . As of December 31, 2014 , AMC had affiliation agreements with all major U.S. multichannel video programming distributors and reached approximately 95 million Nielsen subscribers. Historical Subscribers—AMC 2014 2013 2012 (in millions) Nielsen Subscribers (at year-end) 95.0 97.4 98.9 Change from Prior Year-end (2 )% (2 )% 3 % Year-to-year changes in the Nielsen subscribers may be impacted by changes in the Nielsen sample. WE tv WE tv’s programming is fueled by personalities and relationships filled with purpose and passion. WE tv welcomes everyone and creates an inclusive experience across all platforms: on TV, online, on demand, and social media, embracing how today’s digitally-savvy, socially-engaged audiences connect through content, using it as a catalyst to drive conversation and build community. WE tv’s popular slate of fresh and modern unscripted original series includes the hit shows Braxton Family Values, Kendra on Top and Mary Mary, among others. WE tv debuted its first scripted original series, The Divide, in 2014. The network’s second scripted original series, South of Hell , debuts in 2015. Additionally, WE tv’s programming includes series such as CSI: Miami and Law & Order as well as feature films, with exclusive license rights to certain films from studios such as Paramount, MGM, Disney and Warner Bros. WE tv Subscribers and Affiliation Agreements . As of December 31, 2014 , WE tv had affiliation agreements with all major U.S. multichannel video distributors and reached approximately 85 million Nielsen subscribers. Historical Subscribers—WE tv 2014 2013 2012 (in millions) Nielsen Subscribers (at year-end) 85.4 84.0 81.5 Growth from Prior Year-end 2 % 3 % 7 % The increase in Nielsen subscribers noted in the above table primarily reflects the repositioning of carriage of WE tv with certain operators to more widely distributed tiers of service. Additionally, year-to-year changes in the Nielsen subscribers may be impacted by changes in the Nielsen sample. BBC AMERICA BBC AMERICA delivers U.S. audiences high-quality, innovative and intelligent programming. Established in 1998, it has been the launch pad for talent embraced by American mainstream pop culture, including Ricky Gervais, Gordon Ramsay, Graham 8 Norton, and successful programming formats including the dramatic conspiracy thriller, Orphan Blac k, ground-breaking non-scripted television like Top Gear and top-rated science-fiction like Doctor Who . BBC AMERICA has attracted both critical acclaim and major awards, including four Emmy Awards, five Golden Globes and 12 Peabody Awards. BBC AMERICA Subscribers and Affiliation Agreements . As of December 31, 2014 , BBC AMERICA had affiliation agreements with all major U.S. multichannel video programming distributors and reached approximately 78 million Nielsen subscribers. Historical Subscribers—BBC AMERICA 2014 2013 2012 (in millions) Nielsen Subscribers (at year-end) 78.2 79.5 80.3 Change from Prior Year-end (2 )% (1 )% 11 % Year-to-year changes in the Nielsen subscribers may be impacted by changes in the Nielsen sample. IFC IFC creates original comedies that are in keeping with the network’s “Always On. Slightly Off” brand and which air alongside a collection of films and comedic cult TV shows. The network’s original content includes the comedy series Portlandia , created by and starring Fred Armisen and Carrie Brownstein, and executive produced by Saturday Night Live's Lorne Michaels. Other IFC originals include Comedy Bang! Bang!, Maron, The Birthday Boys and The Spoils of Babylon produced by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay’s Funny or Di e; a second installment of the franchise - The Spoils Before Dying - premieres in 2015. IFC's programming also includes films from various film distributors, including Fox, Miramax, Sony, Lionsgate, Universal, Paramount and Warner Bros. IFC Subscribers and Affiliation Agreements . As of December 31, 2014 , IFC had affiliation agreements with all major U.S. multichannel video distributors and reached approximately 74 million Nielsen subscribers. Historical Subscribers—IFC 2014 2013 2012 (in millions) Nielsen Subscribers (at year-end) 73.7 69.9 69.6 Growth from Prior Year-end 5 % — % 7 % The increase in Nielsen subscribers noted in the above table primarily reflects the repositioning of carriage of IFC with certain operators to more widely distributed tiers of service. Additionally, year-to-year changes in the Nielsen subscribers may be impacted by changes in the Nielsen sample. SundanceTV Launched in 1996 and acquired by the Company in 2008, SundanceTV delivers on the spirit of founder Robert Redford’s mission to celebrate creativity by bringing viewers television as distinctive as the best independent films. Working with today’s most remarkable talent, SundanceTV is attracting viewer and critical acclaim for its original scripted and unscripted programming, including Rectify , The Red Road , Babylon , and Top of the Lake , among others. In 2015, SundanceTV's mini-series The Honorable Woman , lead actress, Maggie Gyllenhaal, won the Golden Globe award for Best Actress in a Mini-Series or a Motion Picture Made for Television category. SundanceTV also has a slate of original unscripted series, each exploring aspects of contemporary culture. SundanceTV Subscribers and Affiliation Agreements . As of December 31, 2014 , SundanceTV had affiliation agreements with all major U.S. multichannel video programming distributors and reached approximately 57 million Nielsen subscribers. 9 Historical Subscribers—SundanceTV 2014 2013 2012 (in millions) Nielsen Subscribers (at year-end) 56.6 56.2 54.1 Growth from Prior Year-end 1 % 4 % 29 % The increase in Nielsen subscribers noted in the above table primarily reflects the repositioning of carriage of our SundanceTV with certain operators to more widely distributed tiers of service. Additionally, year-to-year changes in the Nielsen subscribers may be impacted by changes in the Nielsen sample. AMC and Sundance Channel Canada We provide programming to the Canadian market through our AMC and Sundance Channel brands, AMC which is distributed through affiliation arrangements with all major Canadian multichannel video programming distributors and Sundance Channel through trademark license and content distribution arrangements with Canadian programming outlets. AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology is a full-service network programming feed origination and distribution company, which primarily services most of the national programming networks of the Company. AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology’s operations are located in Bethpage, New York, where AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology consolidates origination and satellite communications functions in a 60,000 square-foot facility designed to keep AMC Networks at the forefront of network origination and distribution technology. AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology has 30 plus years of experience across its network services groups, including network origination, affiliate engineering, network transmission, traffic and scheduling that provide day-to-day delivery of any programming network, in high definition or standard definition. Currently, AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology is responsible for the origination and transmission of multiple highly acclaimed network programming feeds for both national and international distribution. In addition to serving most of the programming networks of the Company, AMC Networks Broadcasting & Technology’s affiliated and third-party clients include fuse, MSG Network, MSG Plus, SNY and Mid Atlantic Sports Network. International and Other Our International and Other segment includes the operations of AMC Networks International (formerly Chellomedia and AMC/Sundance Channel Global), AMC Networks International - DMC (formerly Chello DMC), and IFC Films. AMC Networks International AMC Networks International ("AMCNI"), the global division of AMC Networks, delivers entertaining and acclaimed programming that reaches subscribers in more than 140 countries and territories, including countries and territories in Europe, Latin America, the Middle East and parts of Asia and Africa. AMC Networks International consists of global brands, Sundance Channel and AMC, as well as popular, locally recognized channels in various programming genres. AMCNI - Central Europe AMCNI - Central Europe operates a portfolio of thematic television channels with a focus on the Central and Eastern European market, including 12 television brands in 4 genres: sport: Sport1, Sport2, SportM, kids: Minimax, Megamax, infotainment: Spektrum, TVPaprika, Spektrum Home and film: AMC, Film Mánia and Film Café. The channels are programmed for local audiences, languages and markets. AMCNI - Iberia AMCNI - Iberia is the largest distributor of thematic television channels in Spain and Portugal. The current portfolio consists of 18 television channels including AMC, Canal Hollywood, Odisea, Sol Musica, Canal Cocina and Decasa, and a number of channels owned through joint ventures. The channels are programmed for local audiences, languages and markets. AMCNI - Latin America AMCNI - Latin America produces and distributes high quality television programming throughout Spanish and Portuguese speaking Latin America, the Caribbean and other territories. The portfolio consists of 11 channels including AMC, Film&Arts, Europa Europa, el gourmet, Casa Club TV, Cosmopolitan TV, Ella, Canal (á), Reality TV, AM Sports and El Garage TV. 10 AMCNI - Zone AMCNI - Zone produces television programming throughout the United Kingdom and other countries in EMEA and Asia and manages a portfolio of 20 channel brands, including Horror Channel (in Italy), Extreme Sports Channel and Jim Jam. The portfolio includes a number of channels owned through joint ventures in the EMEA region, including the Outdoor Channel and Polsat Jim Jam entertainment channels, as well as CBS Drama, CBS Action, CBS Reality and CBS Europa. AMC/Sundance Channel Global AMC/Sundance Channel Global’s business principally consists of 11 distinct channels distributed in eighteen languages spread across over seventy countries, focusing primarily on the global version of Sundance Channel. Principally generating revenues from affiliation fees, AMC/Sundance Channel Global has broad availability to distributors within these territories through satellite and fiber delivery that can facilitate future expansion. An internationally-recognized brand, Sundance Channel’s global services provide not only the best of the independent film world but also feature certain content from AMC, IFC, Sundance Channel and IFC Films, as well as serve as a unique pipeline of international content, in an effort to provide distinctive programming to an upscale audience. AMCNI - DMC AMCNI - DMC is a media logistics service provider of playout services, content distribution, video on demand and TV everywhere services. The Amsterdam-based advanced digital media facility specializes in the enrichment, publishing and delivery of multi-lingual and multi-platform content. AMCNI-DMC currently transmits over 100 channels across continental Europe, the UK, Middle East, Asia and South Africa. AMCNI- DMC's third party clients include Fox International Channels, A&E Networks, Sony Pictures Television Entertainment and Liberty Global. IFC Films IFC Films, our independent film distribution business, makes independent films available to a worldwide audience. IFC Films operates three distribution labels: Sundance Selects, IFC Films and IFC Midnight, all of which distribute independent films across virtually all available media platforms, including in theaters, on cable/satellite video-on-demand (reaching approximately 50 million homes), DVDs and cable network television, and streaming/downloading to computers and other electronic devices. IFC Films has a film library consisting of more than 600 titles. Recent successes include Oscar-nominated Boyhood (IFC Films) from writer-director Richard Linklater, Oscar-nominated Two Days, One Night (Sundance Selects) starring Marion Cotillard, and Oscar-nominated documentary Finding Vivian Maier (IFC Films). As part of its strategy to encourage the growth of the marketplace for independent films, IFC Films also operates the IFC Center and the DOC NYC Film Festival. IFC Center is a state-of-the-art independent movie theater located in the heart of New York City’s Greenwich Village. DOC NYC is an annual festival also located in New York City celebrating documentary storytelling in film, photography, prose and other media. Content Rights and Development The programming on our networks includes original programming that we control, either through outright ownership or through long-term licensing arrangements, and acquired programming that we license from studios and other rights holders. Original Programming We contract with some of the industry’s leading production companies, including Lionsgate, Sony Pictures Television, Fox Television Studios, Entertainment One Television USA, Scott Free Productions, RelativityREAL, Magical Elves, Broadway Video, Reveille Productions and Pilgrim Films & Television, to produce most of the original programming that appears on our programming networks. These contractual arrangements either provide us with outright ownership of the programming, in which case we hold all programming and other rights to the content, or they consist of long-term licensing arrangements, which provide us with exclusive rights to exhibit the content on our programming networks, but may be limited in terms of specific geographic markets or distribution platforms. The license agreements are typically of multi-season duration and provide us with a right of first negotiation or a right of first refusal on the renewal of the license for additional programming seasons. Historically, we have generally licensed our owned content to third parties for international distribution. We may also license content to other programming networks or distribution platforms. Future decisions as to how to distribute programming will be made on the basis of a variety of factors including the relative value of any particular alternative. We currently produce certain of our owned original series: The Walking Dead, TURN: Washington's Spies (premiered on AMC in 2014), Halt and Catch Fire (premiered on AMC in 2014) , The Divide (premiered on WE tv in 2014), Rectify and The Red Road (premiered on SundanceTV in 2014). The original programming that we either license or own outright includes, for AMC: Mad Men, Breaking Bad, and Hell on Wheels; for WE tv: Bridezillas, which is currently in syndication, Braxton Family Values, Tamar & Vince, Mary Mary, and Marriage Boot Camp ; for IFC: Portlandia, Maron, Comedy Bang! Bang!, The Birthday Boys and The Spoils of Babylon ; and for SundanceTV: Babylon, Dream School and The Writers’ Room. 11 Acquired Programming The majority of the content on our programming networks consists of existing films, episodic series and specials that we acquire pursuant to rights agreements with film studios, production companies or other rights holders. This acquired programming includes episodic series such as Law and Order, CSI: Miami , Will & Grace , Roseanne, Malcolm in the Middle and Batman , as well as an extensive film library. The rights agreements for this content are of varying duration and generally permit our programming networks to carry these series, films and other programming during certain window periods. Affiliation Agreements Affiliation Agreements . Our programming networks are distributed to our viewing audience pursuant to affiliation agreements with multichannel video programming distributors. These agreements, which typically have durations of several years, require us to deliver programming that meets certain standards set forth in the agreement. We earn affiliation fees under these agreements, generally based upon the number of each distributor’s subscribers or, in some cases, based on a fixed contractual monthly fee. Our affiliation agreements also give us the right to sell a specific amount of national advertising time on our programming networks. Our programming networks’ existing affiliation agreements expire at various dates through 2024. Failure to renew affiliation agreements, or renewal on less favorable terms, or the termination of those agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, and, even if affiliation agreements are renewed, there can be no assurance that renewal rates will equal or exceed the rates that are currently being charged. We frequently negotiate with distributors in an effort to increase the subscriber base for our networks. We have in some instances made upfront payments to distributors in exchange for these additional subscribers or agreed to waive or accept lower subscriber fees if certain numbers of additional subscribers are provided. We also may help fund the distributors’ efforts to market our programming networks or we may permit distributors to offer limited promotional periods without payment of subscriber fees. As we continue our efforts to add subscribers, our subscriber revenue may be negatively affected by such deferred carriage fee arrangements, discounted subscriber fees and other payments; however, we believe that these transactions generate a positive return on investment over the contract period. Advertising Arrangements Under affiliation agreements with our distributors, we have the right to sell a specified amount of national advertising time on our programming networks. Our advertising revenues are more variable than affiliation fee revenues because the majority of our advertising is sold on a short-term basis, not under long-term contracts. We sell advertising time in both the upfront and scatter markets. In the upfront market, advertisers buy advertising time for the upcoming season, and by purchasing in advance, often receive discounted rates. In the scatter market, advertisers buy advertising time close to the time when the commercials will be run, and often pay a premium. The mix between the upfront and scatter markets is based upon a number of factors, such as pricing, demand for advertising time and economic conditions. Our advertising arrangements with advertisers provide for a set number of advertising units to air over a specific period of time at a negotiated price per unit. In most advertising sales arrangements, our programming networks guarantee specified viewer ratings for their programming. If these guaranteed viewer ratings are not met, we are generally required to provide additional advertising units to the advertiser at no charge. For these types of arrangements, a portion of the related revenue is deferred if the guaranteed viewer ratings are not met and is subsequently recognized either when we provide the required additional advertising time, the guarantee obligation contractually expires or performance requirements become remote. Most of our advertising revenues vary based upon the popularity of our programming as measured by Nielsen. Our national programming networks have advertisers representing companies in a broad range of sectors, including the health, automotive, food, insurance and entertainment industries. All of our National Networks use a traditional advertising sales model. Subscriber and Viewer Measurement The number of subscribers receiving our programming from multichannel video programming distributors generally determines the affiliation fees we receive. These numbers are reported monthly by the distributor and are reported net of certain excluded categories of subscribers set forth in the relevant affiliation agreement. For most day-to-day management purposes, we use a different measurement, Nielsen subscribers. Nielsen subscribers represent the number of subscribers receiving our programming from multichannel video programming distributors as reported by Nielsen, based on their sampling procedures. Nielsen subscriber figures tend to be higher than viewing subscribers for a given programming network. Nielsen subscriber figures are available for all of our national programming networks. For purposes of the advertising rates we are able to charge advertisers, the relevant measurement is the Nielsen rating, which measures the number of viewers actually watching the commercials within programs we show on our programming networks. This measurement is calculated by Nielsen using their sampling procedures and reported daily, although advertising rates are adjusted less frequently. In addition to the Nielsen rating, our advertising rates are also influenced by the demographic mix of our viewing audiences, since advertisers tend to pay premium rates for more desirable demographic groups of viewers. 12 Regulation Our businesses are subject to and affected by regulations of U.S. federal, state and local government authorities, and our international operations are subject to laws and regulations of the countries and international bodies, such as the European Union, in which we operate. The Federal Communications Commission (the “FCC”) regulates U.S. programming networks in certain respects when they are affiliated with a cable television operator, as we are with Cablevision. Other FCC regulations, although imposed on cable television operators and satellite operators, affect programming networks indirectly. The rules, regulations, policies and procedures affecting our businesses are constantly subject to change. The descriptions below are summary in nature and do not purport to describe all present and proposed laws and regulations affecting our businesses. Closed Captioning Certain of our networks must provide closed-captioning of programming for the hearing impaired. The 21st Century Communications and Video Accessibility Act of 2010 also requires us to provide closed captioning on certain video content that we offer on the Internet or through other Internet Protocol distribution. CALM Act FCC rules require multichannel video programming distributors to ensure that all commercials comply with specified volume standards, and our affiliation agreements generally require us to certify compliance with such standards. Obscenity Restrictions Cable operators and other distributors are prohibited from transmitting obscene programming, and our affiliation agreements generally require us to refrain from including such programming on our networks. Violent Programming In 2007, the FCC issued a report on violence in programming that recommended that the United States Congress prohibit the availability of violent programming, including cable programming, during the hours when children are likely to be watching. Some members of the United States Congress continue to be interested in the alleged effects of violent programming, which could lead to a renewal of interest in limiting the availability of such programming or prohibiting it. Program Access The “program access” provisions of the Federal Cable Act generally require satellite delivered video programming in which a cable operator holds an attributable interest, as that term is defined by the FCC, to be made available to all multichannel video programming distributors, including DBS providers and telephone companies, on nondiscriminatory prices, terms and conditions, subject to certain exceptions specified in the statute and the FCC’s rules. FCC rules provide that the FCC may order a cable-affiliated programmer to continue to make a programming service available to a multichannel video programming distributor during the pendency of a program access complaint, under the terms of the existing contract. For purposes of these rules, the common directors and five percent or greater voting stockholders of Cablevision and AMC Networks are deemed to be cable operators with attributable interests in us. As long as we continue to have common directors and major stockholders with Cablevision, our satellite-delivered video programming services will remain subject to the program access provisions. The FCC allowed a previous blanket prohibition on exclusive arrangements with cable operators to expire in October 2012, but will consider case-by-case complaints that exclusive contracts between cable operators and cable-affiliated programmers significantly hinder or prevent a competing distributor from providing satellite cable programming. The FCC has also extended the program access rules to terrestrially-delivered programming created by cable operator-affiliated programmers such as us when a showing can be made that the lack of such programming significantly hinders or prevents the distributor from providing satellite cable programming. The rules authorize the FCC to compel the licensing of such programming in response to a complaint by a multichannel video programming distributor. These rules could require us to make any terrestrial programming services we create available to multichannel video programming distributors on nondiscriminatory prices, terms and conditions. The FCC is considering expanding the definition of “multichannel video programming distributor” to include certain distributors of video programming over the Internet. This change could expand our program access obligations. Program Carriage The FCC has sought comment on proposed changes to the rules governing carriage agreements between cable programming networks and cable operators or other multichannel video programming distributors. Some of these changes could give an advantage to cable programming networks that are not affiliated with any distributor and make it easier for those programming networks to challenge a distributor’s decision to terminate a carriage agreement or to decline to carry a network in the first place. Wholesale “À La Carte” and Volume Discounts The FCC is considering how to respond to a petition from a cable operator asking the FCC to open a rulemaking proceeding to examine whether to adopt rules restricting how programmers package and price their networks. We do not currently require 13 distributors to carry more than one of our national programming networks in order to obtain the right to carry a particular national programming network. However, we generally negotiate with a distributor for the carriage of all of our national networks concurrently, and we offer volume discounts to distributors who make our programming available to larger numbers of subscribers or who carry more of our programming networks. Effect of “Must-Carry” Requirements The FCC’s implementation of the statutory “must-carry” obligations requires cable and DBS operators to give broadcasters preferential access to channel space. In contrast, programming networks, such as ours, have no guaranteed right of carriage on cable television or DBS systems. This may reduce the amount of channel space that is available for carriage of our networks by cable television systems and DBS operators. Satellite Carriage All satellite carriers must under federal law offer their service to deliver our and our competitor’s programming networks on a nondiscriminatory basis (including by means of a lottery). A satellite carrier cannot unreasonably discriminate against any customer in its charges or conditions of carriage. Media Ownership Restrictions FCC rules set media ownership limits that restrict, among other things, the number of daily newspapers and radio and television stations in which a single entity may hold an attributable interest as that term is defined by the FCC. Pursuant to a Congressional mandate, the FCC must review these rules every four years. Such a review is currently underway. Cablevision currently owns Newsday, a daily newspaper published on Long Island, New York. The fact that the common directors and five percent or greater voting stockholders of Cablevision and AMC Networks hold attributable interests in each of the companies for purposes of these rules means that these cross-ownership rules may have the effect of limiting the activities or strategic business alternatives available to us, at least for as long as we continue to have common directors and major stockholders with Cablevision. Although we have no plans or intentions to become involved in the businesses affected by these restrictions, we would need to be mindful of these rules if we were to consider engaging in any such business in the future. Website Requirements We maintain various websites that provide information regarding our businesses and offer content for sale. The operation of these websites may be subject to a range of federal, state and local laws such as privacy, data security, accessibility, child safety and consumer protection regulations. Other Regulation The FCC also imposes rules regarding political broadcasts and telemarketing. In addition, our international operations are subject to regulation on a country-by-country basis, including programming content requirements, local content quotas, and requirements to make programming available on nondiscriminatory terms. Programming businesses are subject to regulation on a country-by-country basis, including restrictions on types of advertising that can be sold on our networks, programming content requirements, requirements to make programming available on non-discriminatory terms, and local content quotas. Competition Our programming networks operate in two highly competitive markets. First, our programming networks compete with other programming networks to obtain distribution on cable television systems and other multichannel video programming distribution systems, such as DBS, and ultimately for viewing by each system’s subscribers. Second, our programming networks compete with other programming networks and other sources of video content, including broadcast networks, to secure desired entertainment programming. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to license and produce content for our programming networks that is adequate in quantity and quality and will generate satisfactory viewer ratings. In each of these cases, some of our competitors are large publicly held companies that have greater financial resources than we do. In addition, we compete with these entities for advertising revenue. It is difficult to predict the future effect of technology on many of the factors affecting AMC Networks’ competitive position. For example, data compression technology has made it possible for most video programming distributors to increase their channel capacity, which may reduce the competition among programming networks and broadcasters for channel space. On the other hand, the addition of channel space could also increase competition for desired entertainment programming and ultimately, for viewing by subscribers. As more channel space becomes available, the position of our programming networks in the most favorable tiers of these distributors would be an important goal. Additionally, video content delivered directly to viewers over the Internet competes with our programming networks for viewership. 14 Distribution of Programming Networks The business of distributing programming networks to cable television systems and other multichannel video programming distributors is highly competitive. Our programming networks face competition from other programming networks’ carriage by a particular multichannel video programming distributor, and for the carriage on the service tier that will attract the most subscribers. Once our programming network is selected by a distributor for carriage, that network competes for viewers not only with the other programming networks available on the distributor’s system, but also with over-the-air broadcast television, Internet-based video and other online services, mobile services, radio, print media, motion picture theaters, DVDs, and other sources of information and entertainment. Important to our success in each area of competition we face are the prices we charge for our programming networks, the quantity, quality and variety of the programming offered on our networks, and the effectiveness of our networks’ marketing efforts. The competition for viewers among advertiser supported networks is directly correlated with the competition for advertising revenues with each of our competitors. Our ability to successfully compete with other networks may be hampered because the cable television systems or other multichannel video programming distributors through which we seek distribution may be affiliated with other programming networks. In addition, because such distributors may have a substantial number of subscribers, the ability of such programming networks to obtain distribution on the systems of affiliated distributors may lead to increased affiliation and advertising revenue for such programming networks because of their increased penetration compared to our programming networks. Even if such affiliated distributors carry our programming networks, such distributors may place their affiliated programming network on a more desirable tier, thereby giving the affiliated programming network a competitive advantage over our own. New or existing programming networks that are affiliated with broadcasting networks like NBC, ABC, CBS or Fox may also have a competitive advantage over our programming networks in obtaining distribution through the “bundling” of agreements to carry those programming networks with agreements giving the distributor the right to carry a broadcast station affiliated with the broadcasting network. An important part of our strategy involves exploiting identified markets of the cable television viewing audience that are generally well defined and limited in size. Our networks have faced and will continue to face increasing competition as other programming networks and online or other services seek to serve the same or similar niches. Sources of Programming We also compete with other programming networks to secure desired programming. Most of our original programming and all of our acquired programming is obtained through agreements with other parties that have produced or own the rights to such programming. Competition for this programming will increase as the number of programming networks increases. Other programming networks that are affiliated with programming sources such as movie or television studios or film libraries may have a competitive advantage over us in this area. With respect to the acquisition of entertainment programming, such as syndicated programs and movies that are not produced by or specifically for networks, our competitors include national broadcast television networks, local broadcast television stations, other cable programming networks, Internet-based video content distributors, and video-on-demand programs. Some of these competitors have exclusive contracts with motion picture studios or independent motion picture distributors or own film libraries. Competition for Advertising Revenue Our programming networks must compete with other sellers of advertising time and space, including other cable programming networks, radio, newspapers, outdoor media and, increasingly, Internet sites. We compete for advertisers on the basis of rates we charge and also on the number and demographic nature of viewers who watch our programming. Advertisers will often seek to target their advertising content to those demographic categories they consider most likely to purchase the product or service they advertise. Accordingly, the demographic make-up of our viewership can be equally or more important than the number of viewers watching our programming. Employees As of December 31, 2014 we had 1,862 full-time employees and 71 part-time employees. In addition, certain of our U.S. subsidiaries engage the services of writers who are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. Approximately 296 of our employees outside of the U.S. are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. We believe that our relations with the labor unions and our employees are generally good. 15 Item 1A. Risk Factors. The risk factors described below are not inclusive of all risk factors but highlight those that the Company believes are the most significant and that could impact its performance and financial results. These risk factors should be considered together with all other information presented in this Annual Report. Our business depends on the appeal of our programming to our distributors and our U.S. and foreign viewers, which may be unpredictable and volatile. Our business depends in part upon viewer preferences and audience acceptance in the U.S. and abroad of the programming on our networks. These factors are often unpredictable and volatile, and subject to influences that are beyond our control, such as the quality and appeal of competing programming, general economic conditions and the availability of other entertainment activities. We may not be able to anticipate and react effectively to shifts in tastes and interests in our markets. A change in viewer preferences could cause our programming to decline in popularity, which could cause a reduction in advertising revenues and jeopardize renewal of our contracts with distributors. In addition, our competitors may have more flexible programming arrangements, as well as greater amounts of available content, distribution and capital resources, and may be able to react more quickly than we can to shifts in tastes and interests. To an increasing extent, the success of our business depends on original programming, and our ability to predict accurately how audiences will respond to our original programming is particularly important. Because original programming often involves a greater degree of commitment on our part, as compared to acquired programming that we license from third parties, and because our network branding strategies depend significantly on a relatively small number of original programs, a failure to anticipate viewer preferences for such programs could be especially detrimental to our business. We periodically review the programming usefulness of our program rights based on a series of factors, including ratings, type and quality of program material, standards and practices, and fitness for exhibition. We have incurred write-offs of programming rights in the past, and may incur future programming rights write-offs if it is determined that program rights have no future usefulness. In addition, feature films constitute a significant portion of the programming on our AMC, IFC and SundanceTV programming networks. In general, the popularity of feature-film content on linear television is declining, due in part to the broad availability of such content through an increasing number of distribution platforms. Should the popularity of feature-film programming suffer significant further declines, we may lose viewership or be forced to rely more heavily on original programming, which could increase our costs. If our programming does not gain the level of audience acceptance we expect, or if we are unable to maintain the popularity of our programming, our ratings may suffer, which will negatively affect advertising revenues, and we may have a diminished bargaining position when dealing with distributors, which could reduce our distribution revenues. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain the success of any of our current programming, or generate sufficient demand and market acceptance for our new programming. Because a limited number of distributors account for a large portion of our business, failure to renew our programming networks’ affiliation agreements, or renewal on less favorable terms, or the termination of those agreements, both in the U.S. and internationally, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our programming networks depend upon agreements with a limited number of cable television system operators and other multichannel video programming distributors. The loss of any significant distributor could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations. Currently our programming networks have affiliation agreements that have staggered expiration dates through 2024 . Failure to renew these affiliation agreements, or renewal on less favorable terms, or the termination of those agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business . A reduced distribution of our programming networks would adversely affect our distribution revenues, and impact our ability to sell advertising or the rates we charge for such advertising. Even if affiliation agreements are renewed, we cannot assure you that the renewal rates will equal or exceed the rates that we currently charge these distributors. In addition, we have in some instances made upfront payments to distributors in exchange for additional subscribers or have agreed to waive or accept lower affiliation fees if certain numbers of additional subscribers are provided. We also may help fund our distributors' efforts to market our programming networks or we may permit distributors to offer promotional periods without payment of subscriber fees. As we continue our efforts to add viewing subscribers, our net revenues may be negatively affected by these deferred carriage fee arrangements, discounted subscriber fees or other payments. Further consolidation among cable and satellite providers could adversely affect our revenue and profitability. In some cases, if a distributor is acquired, the affiliation agreement of the acquiring distributor will govern following the acquisition. In those circumstances, the acquisition of a distributor that is party to one or more affiliation agreements with our programming networks on terms that are more favorable to us could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 16 Consolidation among cable and satellite operators has given the largest operators considerable leverage in their relationships with programmers, including us. Most of our U.S. revenues come from a handful of the largest distributors. The two largest cable distributors provide service to approximately 33% of U.S. households receiving multichannel video programming distribution, while the two largest DBS distributors provide service to an additional 34% of such households. In certain countries outside the U.S., one or a small number of distributors have a dominant market position. Continued consolidation within the industry could further reduce the number of distributors available to carry our content and increase the negotiating leverage of our distributors which could adversely affect our revenue. We are subject to intense competition, which may have a negative effect on our profitability or on our ability to expand our business. The programming industry is highly competitive. Our programming networks compete with other programming networks and other types of video programming services for marketing and distribution by cable and other multichannel video programming distribution systems. In distributing a programming network, we face competition with other providers of programming networks for the right to be carried by a particular cable or other multichannel video programming distribution system and for the right to be carried by such system on a particular “tier” of service. Certain programming networks affiliated with broadcast networks like NBC, ABC, CBS or Fox or other key free-to-air programming networks in countries where our networks are distributed may have a competitive advantage over our programming networks in obtaining distribution through the “bundling” of carriage agreements for such programming networks with a distributor's right to carry the affiliated broadcasting network. In addition, our ability to compete with certain programming networks for distribution may be hampered because the cable television or other multichannel video programming distributors through which we seek distribution may be affiliated with these programming networks. Because such distributors may have a substantial number of subscribers, the ability of such programming networks to obtain distribution on the systems of affiliated distributors may lead to increased affiliation and advertising revenue for such programming networks because of their increased penetration compared to our programming networks. Even if the affiliated distributors carry our programming networks, they may place their affiliated programming network on a more desirable tier, thereby giving their affiliated programming network a competitive advantage over our own. In addition to competition for distribution, we also face intense competition for viewing audiences with other cable and broadcast programming networks, home video products and Internet-based video content providers, some of which are part of large diversified entertainment or media companies that have substantially greater resources than us. To the extent that our viewing audiences are eroded by competition with these other sources of programming content, our ratings would decline, negatively affecting advertising revenues, and we may face difficulty renewing affiliation agreements with distributors on acceptable terms, which could cause distribution revenues to decline. In addition, competition for advertisers with these content providers, as well as with other forms of media (including print media, Internet websites and radio), could affect the amount we are able to charge for advertising time on our programming networks, and therefore our advertising revenues. An important part of our strategy involves exploiting identified markets of the cable television viewing audience that are generally well defined and limited in size. Our programming networks have faced and will continue to face increasing competition obtaining distribution and attracting advertisers as other programming networks seek to serve the same or similar markets. Our programming networks’ success depends upon the availability of programming that is adequate in quantity and quality, and we may be unable to secure or maintain such programming. Our programming networks' success depends upon the availability of quality programming, particularly original programming and films, that is suitable for our target markets. While we produce some of our original programming, we obtain most of the programming on our networks (including original programming, films and other acquired programming) through agreements with third parties that have produced or control the rights to such programming. These agreements expire at varying times and may be terminated by the other parties if we are not in compliance with their terms. We compete with other programming networks to secure desired programming. Competition for programming has increased as the number of programming networks has increased. Other programming networks that are affiliated with programming sources such as movie or television studios or film libraries may have a competitive advantage over us in this area. In addition to other cable programming networks, we also compete for programming with national broadcast television networks, local broadcast television stations, video-on-demand services and Internet-based content delivery services, such as Netflix, iTunes, Hulu and Amazon. Some of these competitors have exclusive contracts with motion picture studios or independent motion picture distributors or own film libraries. We cannot assure you that we will ultimately be successful in negotiating renewals of our programming rights agreements or in negotiating adequate substitute agreements in the event that these agreements expire or are terminated. 17 Our programming networks have entered into long-term programming acquisition contracts that require substantial payments over long periods of time, even if we do not use such programming to generate revenues. Our programming networks have entered into numerous contracts relating to the acquisition of programming, including rights agreements with film companies. These contracts typically require substantial payments over extended periods of time. We must make the required payments under these contracts even if we do not use the programming. Increased programming costs may adversely affect our profits. We plan to produce a significant amount of original programming and other content and continue to invest in this area, the costs of which are significant. We also acquire programming and television series, as well as a variety of digital content and other ancillary rights such as consumer and home entertainment product offerings from other companies, and we pay license fees, royalties or contingent compensation in connection with these acquired rights. Our investments in original and acquired programming are significant and involve complex negotiations with numerous third parties. These costs may not be recouped when the content is broadcast or distributed and higher costs may lead to decreased profitability or potential write-downs. We incur costs for the creative talent, including actors, writers and producers, who create our original programming. Some of our original programming has achieved significant popularity and critical acclaim, which has increased and could continue to increase the costs of such programming in the future. In addition, there may be disputes with writers, producers and other creative talent over the amount of royalty and other payments. An increase in the costs of programming may lead to decreased profitability or otherwise adversely affect our business. Original programming requires substantial financial commitment. In some cases, the financial commitment can be offset by foreign, state or local tax incentives. However, there is a risk that the tax incentives will not remain available for the duration of a series. If tax incentives are no longer available, reduced substantially, or cannot be utilized, it may result in increased costs for us to complete the production or make the production of additional seasons more expensive. If we are unable to produce original programming content on a cost effective basis our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. We may not be able to adapt to new content distribution platforms and to changes in consumer behavior resulting from these new technologies, which may adversely affect our business. We must successfully adapt to technological advances in our industry, including the emergence of alternative distribution platforms. Our ability to exploit new distribution platforms and viewing technologies will affect our ability to maintain or grow our business. Emerging forms of content distribution may provide different economic models and compete with current distribution methods in ways that are not entirely predictable. Such competition could reduce demand for our traditional television offerings or for the offerings of digital distributors and reduce our revenue from these sources. Accordingly, we must adapt to changing consumer behavior driven by advances such as digital video recorders, video-on-demand, Internet-based content delivery, including services such as Netflix, Hulu, Apple TV, Google TV and Amazon and mobile devices. Gaming and other consoles such Microsoft’s Xbox, Sony’s Playstation and Nintendo’s Wii and Roku are establishing themselves as alternative providers of video services. Such changes may impact the revenues we are able to generate from our traditional distribution methods, either by decreasing the viewership of our programming networks on cable and other multichannel video programming distribution systems which are almost entirely directed at television video delivery or by making advertising on our programming networks less valuable to advertisers. If we fail to adapt our distribution methods and content to emerging technologies, our appeal to our targeted audiences might decline and there could be a negative effect on our business. In addition, advertising revenues could be significantly impacted by emerging technologies, since advertising sales are dependent on audience measurement provided by third parties, and the results of audience measurement techniques can vary independent of the size of the audience for a variety of reasons, including difficulties related to the employed statistical sampling methods, new distribution platforms and viewing technologies, and the shifting of the marketplace to the use of measurement of different viewer behaviors, such as delayed viewing. Moreover, devices that allow users to fast forward or skip programming, including commercials, are causing changes in consumer behavior that may affect the desirability of our programming services to advertisers. Advertising market conditions could cause our revenues and operating results to decline significantly in any given period or in specific markets We derive substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on a variety of platforms, and a decline in advertising expenditures could have a significant adverse effect on our revenues and operating results in any given period. The strength of the advertising market can fluctuate in response to the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, advertisers’ current spending priorities and the economy in general, and this may adversely affect the growth rate of our advertising revenues. In addition, the pricing and volume of advertising may be affected by shifts in spending toward online and mobile offerings from more traditional media, or toward new ways of purchasing advertising, such as through automated purchasing, dynamic advertising insertion, third parties selling local advertising spots and advertising exchanges, some or all of which may not be as advantageous to the Company as current advertising methods. 18 Advertising sales are dependent on audience measurement, and the results of audience measurement techniques can vary independent of the size of the audience for a variety of reasons, including variations in the employed statistical sampling methods. While Nielsen’s statistical sampling method is the primary measurement technique used in our television advertising sales, we measure and monetize our campaign reach and frequency on and across digital platforms based on other third-party data using a variety of methods including the number of impressions served and demographics. In addition, multi-platform campaign verification is in its infancy, and viewership on tablets and smartphones, which is growing rapidly, is presently not measured by any one consistently applied method. These variations and changes could have a significant effect on advertising revenues. We face risks from doing business internationally. We have operations through which we distribute programming outside the United States. As a result, our business is subject to certain risks inherent in international business, many of which are beyond our control. These risks include: • laws and policies affecting trade and taxes, including laws and policies relating to the repatriation of funds and withholding taxes, and changes in these laws; • changes in local regulatory requirements, including restrictions on content, imposition of local content quotas and restrictions on foreign ownership; • differing degrees of protection for intellectual property and varying attitudes towards the piracy of intellectual property; • the instability of foreign economies and governments; • war and acts of terrorism; • anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations and changes in these laws and regulations; and • shifting consumer preferences regarding the viewing of video programming. Events or developments related to these and other risks associated with international trade could adversely affect our revenues from non-U.S. sources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, liquidity and prospects. Economic problems in the United States or in other parts of the world could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business is affected by prevailing economic conditions and by disruptions to financial markets. We derive substantial revenues from advertisers, and these expenditures are sensitive to general economic conditions and consumer buying patterns. Financial instability or a general decline in economic conditions in the United States and other countries where our networks are distributed could adversely affect advertising rates and volume, resulting in a decrease in our advertising revenues. Decreases in U.S. and consumer discretionary spending in other countries where our networks are distributed may affect cable television and other video service subscriptions, in particular with respect to digital service tiers on which certain of our programming networks are carried. This could lead to a decrease in the number of subscribers receiving our programming from multichannel video programming distributors, which could have a negative impact on our viewing subscribers and affiliation fee revenues. Similarly, a decrease in viewing subscribers would also have a negative impact on the number of viewers actually watching the programs on our programming networks, which could also impact the rates we are able to charge advertisers. Economic conditions affect a number of aspects of our businesses worldwide and impact the businesses of our partners who purchase advertising on our networks and reduce their spending on advertising. Economic conditions can also negatively affect the ability of those with whom we do business to satisfy their obligations to us. The general worsening of current global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, and the worsening of economic conditions in certain parts of the world, specifically, could impact the expansion and success of our businesses in such areas. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We have significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of our operations are conducted in foreign currencies. The value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the U.S. dollar. As a result, we are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations in a given period or in specific markets. Specifically, we are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that we enter into transactions denominated in currencies other than our or our subsidiaries’ respective functional currencies (non-functional currency risk), such as trade receivables, programming contracts, notes payable and notes receivable (including intercompany amounts) that are denominated in a currency other than the applicable functional currency. Changes in exchange rates with respect to amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets related to these items will result in unrealized (based upon period-end exchange rates) or realized foreign currency transaction gains and losses upon settlement of the transactions. Moreover, to the extent that our revenue, costs and expenses are denominated in currencies other than our respective functional currencies, we will experience fluctuations in our revenue, costs and expenses solely as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 19 We also are exposed to unfavorable and potentially volatile fluctuations of the U.S. dollar (our reporting currency) against the currencies of our non-U.S. dollar functional currency operating subsidiaries when their respective financial statements are translated into U.S. dollars for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. Cumulative translation adjustments are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) as a separate component of equity. Any increase (decrease) in the value of the U.S. dollar against any foreign currency that is the functional currency of one of our operating subsidiaries will cause us to experience unrealized foreign currency translation losses (gains) with respect to amounts already invested in such foreign currencies. Accordingly, we may experience a negative impact on our comprehensive income (loss) and equity with respect to our holdings solely as a result of foreign currency translation. Our primary exposure to foreign currency risk from a foreign currency translation perspective is to the euro and, to a lesser extent, other local currencies in Europe. We generally do not hedge against the risk that we may incur non-cash losses upon the translation of the financial statements of our non-U.S. dollar functional currency operating subsidiaries and affiliates into U.S. dollars. Our business is limited by United States regulatory constraints which may adversely impact our operations. Although most aspects of our business generally are not directly regulated by the FCC, there are certain FCC regulations that govern our business either directly or indirectly. See Item 1, “Business—Regulation” in this Annual Report. Furthermore, to the extent that regulations and laws, either presently in force or proposed, hinder or stimulate the growth of the cable television and satellite industries, our business will be affected. The United States Congress and the FCC currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect our operations. The regulation of cable television services, satellite carriers, and other multichannel video programming distributors is subject to the political process and has been in constant flux over the past two decades. Further material changes in the law and regulatory requirements must be anticipated. We cannot assure you that our business will not be adversely affected by future legislation, new regulation or deregulation. Our businesses are subject to risks of adverse regulation by foreign governments. Programming businesses are subject to regulation on a country-by-country basis, including restrictions on types of advertising that can be sold on our networks, programming content requirements, requirements to make programming available on non-discriminatory terms, and local content quotas. Consequently, our businesses must adapt their ownership and organizational structure as well as their pricing and service offerings to satisfy the rules and regulations to which they are subject. A failure to comply with applicable rules and regulations could result in penalties, restrictions on our business or loss of required licenses or other adverse conditions. Adverse changes in rules and regulations could have a significant adverse impact on our profitability. Theft of our content, including digital copyright theft and other unauthorized exhibitions of our content, may decrease revenue received from our programming and adversely affect our businesses and profitability. The success of our businesses depends in part on our ability to maintain and monetize our intellectual property rights to our entertainment content. We are fundamentally a content company and theft of our brands, television programming, digital content and other intellectual property has the potential to significantly affect us and the value of our content. Copyright theft is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack effective copyright and technical protective measures similar to those existing in the United States or that lack effective enforcement of such measures, including some of the jurisdictions in which we operate. The interpretation of copyright, privacy and other laws as applied to our content, and piracy detection and enforcement efforts, remain in flux. The failure to strengthen, or the weakening of, existing intellectual property laws could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect our intellectual property and negatively affect its value. Content theft has been made easier by the wide availability of higher bandwidth and reduced storage costs, as well as tools that undermine security features such as encryption and the ability of pirates to cloak their identities online. In addition, we and our numerous production and distribution partners operate various technology systems in connection with the production and distribution of our programming, and intentional or unintentional acts could result in unauthorized access to our content, a disruption of our services, or improper disclosure of confidential information. The increasing use of digital formats and technologies heightens this risk. Unauthorized access to our content could result in the premature release of television shows, which is likely to have a significant adverse effect on the value of the affected programming. Copyright theft has an adverse effect on our business because it reduces the revenue that we are able to receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of our content, undermines lawful distribution channels and inhibits our ability to recoup or profit from the costs incurred to create such works. Efforts to prevent the unauthorized distribution, performance and copying of our content may affect our profitability and may not be successful in preventing harm to our business. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. Any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial 20 costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to protect our intellectual property rights, particularly our brand, in a meaningful manner or challenges to related contractual rights could result in erosion of our brand and limit our ability to control marketing of our networks, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Protection of electronically stored data is costly and if our data is compromised in spite of this protection, we may incur additional costs, lost opportunities and damage to our reputation. We maintain information in digital form as necessary to conduct our business, including confidential and proprietary information regarding our distributors, advertisers, viewers and employees as well as personal information. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of intrusion, tampering and theft. We develop and maintain systems to prevent this from occurring, but the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of intrusion, tampering and theft cannot be eliminated entirely, and risks associated with each of these remain. In addition, we provide confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties when it is necessary to pursue business objectives. While we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information and, where appropriate, monitor the protections employed by these third parties, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held by third parties may be compromised. If our data systems are compromised, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, we may lose profitable opportunities or the value of those opportunities may be diminished and, as described above, we may lose revenue as a result of unlicensed use of our intellectual property. Further, a penetration of our network security or other misappropriation or misuse of personal consumer or employee information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our technology facilities fail or their operations are disrupted, or if we lose access to third party satellites, our performance could be hindered. Our programming is transmitted using technology facilities at certain of our subsidiaries. These technology facilities are used for a variety of purposes, including signal processing, program editing, promotions, creation of programming segments to fill short gaps between featured programs, quality control, and live and recorded playback. These facilities are subject to interruption from fire, lightning, adverse weather conditions and other natural causes. Equipment failure, employee misconduct or outside interference could also disrupt the facilities' services. Although we have an arrangement with a third party to re-broadcast the previous seven days of our national networks' programming in the event of a disruption, we currently do not have a backup operations facility for our programming. In addition, we rely on third-party satellites in order to transmit our programming signals to our distributors. As with all satellites, there is a risk that the satellites we use will be damaged as a result of natural or man-made causes, or will otherwise fail to operate properly. Although we maintain in-orbit protection providing us with back-up satellite transmission facilities should our primary satellites fail, there can be no assurance that such back-up transmission facilities will be effective or will not themselves fail. Any significant interruption at any of our technology facilities affecting the distribution of our programming, or any failure in satellite transmission of our programming signals, could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. The loss of any of our key personnel and artistic talent could adversely affect our business. We believe that our success depends to a significant extent upon the performance of our senior executives. We generally do not maintain “key man” insurance. In addition, we depend on the availability of third-party production companies to create most of our original programming. Some of the writers employed by one of our subsidiaries and some of the employees of third party production companies that create our original programming are subject to collective bargaining agreements. Any labor disputes or a strike by one or more unions representing our subsidiary's writers or employees of third-party production companies who are essential to our original programming could have a material adverse effect on our original programming and on our business as a whole. The loss of any significant personnel or artistic talent, or our artistic talent losing their audience base, could also have a material adverse effect on our business. No assurance can be made that we will be successful in integrating any acquired business. Integration of new businesses presents significant challenges, including: realizing economies of scale, eliminating duplicative overhead, and integrating networks, financial systems and operational systems. No assurance can be given that, with respect to any acquisition, we will realize anticipated benefits or successfully integrate any acquired business with our existing operations. In addition, while we intend to implement appropriate controls and procedures as we integrate acquired companies, we may not be able to certify as to the effectiveness of these companies’ disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting (as required by U.S. federal securities laws and regulations) until we have fully integrated them. 21 New acquisitions, equity method investments and other transactions may require the commitment of significant capital that would otherwise be directed to investments in our existing businesses or be distributed to shareholders. We may have exposure to additional tax liabilities. We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities in both the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Although we believe that our tax estimates are reasonable, (1) there is no assurance that the final determination of tax audits or tax disputes will not be different from what is reflected in our historical income tax provisions, expense amounts for non-income based taxes and accruals and (2) any material differences could have an adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations in the period or periods for which determination is made. Although a portion of our revenue and operating income is generated outside the United States, we are subject to potential current U.S. income tax on this income due to our being a U.S. corporation. Our worldwide effective tax rate may be reduced under a provision in U.S. tax law that defers the imposition of U.S. tax on certain foreign active income until that income is repatriated to the United States. Any repatriation of assets held in foreign jurisdictions or recognition of foreign income that fails to meet the U.S. tax requirements related to deferral of U.S. income tax may result in a higher effective tax rate for the Company. This includes what is referred to as “Subpart F Income,” which generally includes, but is not limited to, such items as interest, dividends, royalties, gains from the disposition of certain property, certain currency exchange gains in excess of currency exchange losses, and certain related party sales and services income. While the Company may mitigate this increase in its effective tax rate through claiming a foreign tax credit against its U.S. federal income taxes or potentially have foreign or U.S. taxes reduced under applicable income tax treaties, we are subject to various limitations on claiming foreign tax credits or we may lack treaty protections in certain jurisdictions that will potentially limit any reduction of the increased effective tax rate. A higher effective tax rate may also result to the extent that losses are incurred in non-U.S. subsidiaries that do not reduce our U.S. taxable income. We are subject to changing tax laws, treaties and regulations in and between countries in which we operate, including treaties between the United States and other nations. A change in these tax laws, treaties or regulations, including those in and involving the United States, or in the interpretation thereof, could result in a materially higher income or non-income tax expense. Also, various income tax proposals in the countries in which we operate, such as those relating to fundamental U.S. international tax reform and measures in response to the economic uncertainty in certain European jurisdictions in which we operate, could result in changes to the existing tax laws under which our taxes are calculated. On February 2, 2015, the Obama Administration proposed amendments to the U.S. tax code to impose a 19% minimum tax on U.S. corporations’ future tax profits (with generally an 85% credit for associated foreign taxes paid) and to impose a one-time, immediate 14% tax on U.S. corporations’ current accumulated overseas earnings (with generally a 40% credit for associated foreign taxes paid). We are unable to predict whether any of these or other proposals in the United States or foreign jurisdictions will ultimately be enacted. Any such material changes could negatively impact our business. Our substantial long-term debt and high leverage could adversely affect our business. We have a significant amount of long-term debt. As of December 31, 2014 , we have $2,780 million principal amount of total long-term debt (excluding capital leases), $1,480 million of which is senior secured debt under our Credit Facility and $1,300 million of which is senior unsecured debt. Our ability to make payments on, or repay or refinance, our debt, an d to fund planned distributions and capital expenditures, will depend largely upon our future operating performance. Our future performance, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future to make payments on our debt will depend on the satisfaction of the covenants in the Credit Facility and our other debt agreements, including the 7.75% Notes Indenture, the 4.75% Notes Indenture and other agreements we may enter into in the future. Our substantial amount of debt could have important consequences. For example, it could: • increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future programming investments, capital expenditures, working capital, business activities and other general corporate requirements; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors; and • limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity. 22 In the long-term, we do not expect to generate sufficient cash from operations to repay at maturity our outstanding debt obligations. As a result, we will be dependent upon our ability to access the capital and credit markets. Failure to raise significant amounts of funding to repay these obligations at maturity could adversely affect our business. If we are unable to raise such amounts, we would need to take other actions including selling assets, seeking strategic investments from third parties or reducing other discretionary uses of cash. The Credit Facility, the 7.75% Notes Indenture and the 4.75% Notes Indenture will restrict, and market or business conditions may limit, our ability to do some of these things. A significant portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates. While we have entered into hedging agreements limiting our exposure to higher interest rates, such agreements do not offer complete protection from this risk. The agreements governing our debt, the Credit Facility, the 7.75% Notes Indenture and the 4.75% Notes Indenture, contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that may affect our ability to operate our business. The agreements governing the Credit Facility, the 7.75% Notes Indenture and the 4.75% Notes Indenture contain covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to: • borrow money or guarantee debt; • create liens; • pay dividends on or redeem or repurchase stock; • make specified types of investments; • enter into transactions with affiliates; and • sell assets or merge with other companies. The Credit Facility requires us to comply with a Cash Flow Ratio and an Interest Coverage Ratio, each as defined in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Debt Financing Agreements.” Compliance with these covenants may limit our ability to take actions that might be to the advantage of the Company and our stockholders. Various risks, uncertainties and events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with these covenants and maintain these financial ratios. Failure to comply with any of the covenants in our existing or future financing agreements could result in a default under those agreements and under other agreements containing cross-default provisions. A default would permit lenders to accelerate the maturity for the debt under these agreements and to foreclose upon any collateral securing the debt. Under these circumstances, we might not have sufficient funds or other resources to satisfy all of our obligations. In addition, the limitations imposed by financing agreements on our ability to incur additional debt and to take other actions might significantly impair our ability to obtain other financing. Despite our current levels of debt, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial debt. We may be able to incur additional debt in the future. The terms of the Credit Facility, the 7.75% Notes Indenture and the 4.75% Notes Indenture allow us to incur substantial amounts of additional debt, subject to certain limitations. In addition, we may refinance all or a portion of our debt, including borrowings under the Credit Facility, and obtain the ability to incur more debt as a result. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks we could face would be magnified. A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may further increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. The debt ratings for our notes are below the “investment grade” category, which results in higher borrowing costs as well as a reduced pool of potential purchasers of our debt as some investors will not purchase debt securities that are not rated in an investment grade rating category. In addition, there can be no assurance that any rating assigned will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency, if in that rating agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. A lowering or withdrawal of a rating may further increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital. A significant amount of our book value consists of intangible assets that may not generate cash in the event of a voluntary or involuntary sale. At December 31, 2014 , our consolidated financial statements included approximately $4.0 billion of consolidated total assets, of which approximately $1.3 billion were classified as intangible assets. Intangible assets primarily include affiliation agreements and affiliate relationships, advertiser relationships, trademarks and goodwill. While we believe that the carrying values of our intangible assets are recoverable, you should not assume that we would receive any cash from the voluntary or involuntary sale of these intangible assets, particularly if we were not continuing as an operating business. 23 We may have a significant indemnity obligation to Cablevision if the Distribution is treated as a taxable transaction. Prior to the distribution of all of the outstanding common stock of the Company to Cablevision stockholders in the Distribution, Cablevision received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) to the effect that, among other things, the Distribution, and certain related transactions would qualify for tax-free treatment under the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) to Cablevision, AMC Networks, and holders of Cablevision common stock. Although a private letter ruling from the IRS generally is binding on the IRS, if the factual representations or assumptions made in the letter ruling request were untrue or incomplete in any material respect, Cablevision would not be able to rely on the ruling. Furthermore, the IRS will not rule on whether a distribution satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under the Code. Rather, the ruling was based upon representations by Cablevision that these conditions were satisfied, and any inaccuracy in such representations could invalidate the ruling. If the Distribution does not qualify for tax-free treatment for United States federal income tax purposes, then, in general, Cablevision would be subject to tax as if it had sold the common stock of our Company in a taxable sale for its fair market value. Cablevision's stockholders would be subject to tax as if they had received a distribution equal to the fair market value of our common stock that was distributed to them, which generally would be treated first as a taxable dividend to the extent of Cablevision's earnings and profits, then as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of each stockholder's tax basis in his or her Cablevision stock, and thereafter as capital gain with respect to the remaining value. It is expected that the amount of any such taxes to Cablevision's stockholders and Cablevision would be substantial. As part of the Distribution, we entered into a tax disaffiliation agreement with Cablevision, which sets out each party's rights and obligations with respect to deficiencies and refunds, if any, of federal, state, local or foreign taxes for periods before and after the Distribution and related matters such as the filing of tax returns and the conduct of IRS and other audits. Pursuant to the tax disaffiliation agreement, we are required to indemnify Cablevision for losses and taxes of Cablevision relating to the Distribution or any related debt exchanges resulting from the breach of certain covenants, including as a result of certain acquisitions of our stock or assets or as a result of modification or repayment of certain related debt in a manner inconsistent with the private letter ruling or letter ruling request. If we are required to indemnify Cablevision under the circumstances set forth in the tax disaffiliation agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities, which could have a material negative effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. The tax disaffiliation agreement with Cablevision limits our ability to pre-pay certain of our indebtedness. The tax disaffiliation agreement with Cablevision limits our ability to pre-pay, pay down, redeem, retire, or otherwise acquire the 7.75% Notes or the 4.75% Notes. These restrictions may for a time limit our ability to optimize our capital structure or to pursue other transactions that could increase the value of our business. We are controlled by the Dolan family, which may create certain conflicts of interest and which means certain stockholder decisions can be taken without the consent of the majority of the holders of our Class A Common Stock. We have two classes of common stock: • Class B Common Stock, which is generally entitled to ten votes per share and is entitled collectively to elect 75% of our Board of Directors, and • Class A Common Stock, which is entitled to one vote per share and is entitled collectively to elect the remaining 25% of our Board of Directors. As of December 31, 2014 , Charles F. Dolan, our Executive Chairman, and the Dolan family, including trusts for the benefit of members of the Dolan family, collectively own all of our Class B Common Stock, less than 2% of our outstanding Class A Common Stock and approximately 66% of the total voting power of all our outstanding common stock. The members of the Dolan family holding Class B Common Stock have entered into a stockholders agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the voting power of the holders of our Class B Common Stock will be cast as a block with respect to all matters to be voted on by holders of Class B Common Stock. The Dolan family is able to prevent a change in control of our Company and no person interested in acquiring us will be able to do so without obtaining the consent of the Dolan family. Charles F. Dolan, members of his family and certain related family entities, by virtue of their stock ownership, have the power to elect all of our directors subject to election by holders of Class B Common Stock and are able collectively to control stockholder decisions on matters on which holders of all classes of our common stock vote together as a single class. These matters could include the amendment of some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and the approval of fundamental corporate transactions. 24 In addition, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding shares of the Class B Common Stock, voting separately as a class, is required to approve: • the authorization or issuance of any additional shares of Class B Common Stock, and • any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of our certificate of incorporation that adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights of the Class B Common Stock. As a result, Charles F. Dolan, members of his family and certain related family entities also collectively have the power to prevent such issuance or amendment. We have adopted a written policy whereby an independent committee of our Board of Directors will review and approve or take such other action as it may deem appropriate with respect to certain transactions involving the Company and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and certain related parties, including Charles F. Dolan and certain of his family members and related entities on the other hand. This policy does not address all possible conflicts which may arise, and there can be no assurance that this policy will be effective in dealing with conflict scenarios. We are a “controlled company” for The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC purposes, which allows us not to comply with certain of the corporate governance rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. Charles F. Dolan, members of his family and certain related family entities have entered into a stockholders agreement relating, among other things, to the voting of their shares of our Class B Common Stock. As a result, we are a “controlled company” under the corporate governance rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC ("NASDAQ"). As a controlled company, we have the right to elect not to comply with the corporate governance rules of NASDAQ requiring: (i) a majority of independent directors on our Board of Directors, (ii) an independent compensation committee and (iii) an independent corporate governance and nominating committee. Our Board of Directors has elected for the Company to be treated as a “controlled company” under NASDAQ corporate governance rules and not to comply with the NASDAQ requirement for a majority independent board of directors and an independent corporate governance and nominating committee because of our status as a controlled company. For purposes of this agreement, the term “independent directors” means the directors of the Company who have been determined by our Board of Directors to be independent directors for purposes of NASDAQ corporate governance standards. Future stock sales, including as a result of the exercising of registration rights by certain of our shareholders, could adversely affect the trading price of our Class A Common Stock. Certain parties have registration rights covering a portion of our shares. We have entered into registration rights agreements with Charles F. Dolan, members of his family, certain Dolan family interests and the Dolan Family Foundations that provide them with “demand” and “piggyback” registration rights with respect to approximately 13.4 million shares of Class A Common Stock, including shares issuable upon conversion of shares of Class B Common Stock. Sales of a substantial number of shares of Class A Common Stock could adversely affect the market price of the Class A Common Stock and could impair our future ability to raise capital through an offering of our equity securities. We share certain executives and directors with Cablevision and The Madison Square Garden Company, which may give rise to conflicts. Our Executive Chairman, Charles F. Dolan, also serves as the Chairman of Cablevision. In addition, Gregg G. Seibert was recently appointed as a Vice Chairman of the Company and he serves as a Vice Chairman of both Cablevision and The Madison Square Garden Company (“MSG”), an affiliate of Cablevision and the Company. As a result, two of our executives of the Company will not be devoting their full time and attention to the Company’s affairs. In addition, eight members of our Board of Directors are also directors of Cablevision and six members of our Board are also directors of MSG. These directors may have actual or apparent conflicts of interest with respect to matters involving or affecting each company. For example, the potential for a conflict of interest exists when we on one hand, and Cablevision or MSG on the other hand, consider acquisitions and other corporate opportunities that may be suitable for us and either or both of them. Also, conflicts may arise if there are issues or disputes under the commercial arrangements that exist between Cablevision or MSG and us. In addition, certain of our directors and officers own Cablevision or MSG stock, restricted stock units and options to purchase, and stock appreciation rights in respect of, Cablevision or MSG stock, as well as cash performance awards with any payout based on Cablevision’s or MSG’s performance. These ownership interests could create actual, apparent or potential conflicts of interest when these individuals are faced with decisions that could have different implications for our Company, Cablevision or MSG. See “Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions—Certain Relationships and Potential Conflicts of Interest” in our proxy statement filed with the SEC on April 29, 2014 for a description of our related party transaction approval policy that we have adopted to help address such potential conflicts that may arise. 25 Our overlapping directors and executives with Cablevision and MSG may result in the diversion of corporate opportunities to and other conflicts with Cablevision or MSG and provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may provide us no remedy in that circumstance. The Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation acknowledges that directors and officers of the Company may also be serving as directors, officers, employees, consultants or agents of Cablevision and its subsidiaries or MSG and its subsidiaries and that the Company may engage in material business transactions with such entities. The Company has renounced its rights to certain business opportunities and the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that no director or officer of the Company who is also serving as a director, officer, employee, consultant or agent of Cablevision and its subsidiaries or MSG and its subsidiaries will be liable to the Company or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of opportunities set forth in our certificate of incorporation) to Cablevision or any of its subsidiaries or MSG or any of its subsidiaries instead of the Company, or does not refer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunities to the Company. These provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also expressly validate certain contracts, agreements, assignments and transactions (and amendments, modifications or terminations thereof) between the Company and Cablevision or any of its subsidiaries or MSG or any of its subsidiaries and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, provide that the actions of the overlapping directors or officers in connection therewith are not breaches of fiduciary duties owed to the Company, any of its subsidiaries or their respective stockholders. 