” and
“Item 7 – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” herein. ITEM 1 – BUSINESS Access National Corporation (the “Corporation”
or “ANC”) was organized June 15, 2002 under the laws of Virginia to operate as a bank holding company. The
Corporation has one active wholly owned subsidiary: Access National Bank (the “Bank” or “ANB”).
Effective June 15, 2002, pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated April 18, 2002 between the Corporation and
the Bank, the Corporation acquired all of the outstanding stock of the Bank in a statutory share exchange transaction. The Bank is the only operating business of the Corporation.
The Bank provides credit, deposit, mortgage services and wealth management services to middle market commercial businesses and
associated professionals, primarily in the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area. The Bank was organized under federal law
in 1999 as a national banking association to engage in a general banking business to serve the communities in and around Northern
Virginia. Deposits with the Bank are insured to the maximum amount provided by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”).
The Bank offers a comprehensive range of financial services and products and specializes in providing customized financial services
to small and medium sized businesses, professionals, and associated individuals. The Bank provides its customers with personal
customized service utilizing the latest technology and delivery channels. The various operating and non-operating entities that
support the Corporation’s business directly and indirectly are listed below: PARENT ENTITY / COMPANY / YEAR ACTIVITY SOLE MEMBER ORGANIZED Access National Corporation N/A 2002 A Virginia corporation with common stock listed on the NASDAQ
Global Market, and serves as the Bank’s holding company. The bank holding company is subject to regulatory oversight by
the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (“Federal Reserve Board”). Its primary purpose is to hold the
common stock of the commercial bank subsidiary and support related capital activities. Access National Bank ANC 1999 Primary operating entity holding a national bank charter issued
under the laws of the United States. Its principal activities are subject to regulation by the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency (the “Comptroller”). The Bank’s primary business is serving the credit, depository and cash management
needs of businesses and associated professionals. Deposits of the Bank are insured by the FDIC. Access Real Estate L.L.C. (“ARE”) ANB 2003 Access Real Estate was formed to acquire and hold title to
real estate for the Corporation. Access Real Estate owns a 45,000 square foot, three story office building located at 1800 Robert
Fulton Drive in Reston, Virginia that serves as the corporate headquarters for the Corporation, the Bank, the Mortgage Division,
Access Real Estate, Capital Fiduciary Advisors, and Access Investment Services. Access Real Estate also owns vacant land in Fredericksburg
that was originally purchased for future expansion of the Bank, but was listed for sale in the third quarter of 2014. Access Capital Management Holding, L.L.C. (“ACM”) ANB 2011 ACM is a Virginia limited liability company whose sole member
is ANB. ACM is the holding company for Capital Fiduciary Advisors, L.L.C. (“CFA”), Access Investment Services, L.L.C.
(“AIS”), and Access Insurance Group, L.L.C. (“AIG”). ACM provides a full range of wealth management services
to individuals. 2 Capital Fiduciary Advisors, L.L.C. (“CFA”) ACM 2011 CFA is a registered investment advisor with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and provides wealth management services to high net worth individuals, businesses,
and institutions. Activities are supervised by the Bank’s primary regulator, the Comptroller, as well as the SEC. Access Investment Services, L.L.C. (“AIS”) ACM 2011 AIS is a limited liability company whose sole member is ACM.
AIS provides financial planning services to clients along with access to a full range of investment products. Activities are supervised
by the Bank’s primary regulator, the Comptroller, as well as the SEC. Access Insurance Group, L.L.C. (“AIG”) ACM 2011 AIG is a limited liability company whose sole member is ACM.
AIG is presently inactive and when activated will provide access to a wide variety of insurance products. ACME Real Estate, L.L.C. (“ACME” or “ACME Real Estate”) ANB 2007 ACME is a Virginia limited liability company whose sole member
is ANB. ACME is a real estate holding company whose purpose is to hold title to the properties acquired by the
Bank either through foreclosure or property deeded in lieu of foreclosure. Activities are supervised by the Bank’s
primary regulator, the Comptroller. The principal products and services offered by the Bank are
listed below: BUSINESS BANKING SERVICES Lending BUSINESS BANKING SERVICES Cash Management PERSONAL BANKING SERVICES Accounts Receivable Lines of Credit Accounts Receivable Collection Accounts Growth Capital Term Loans Business Acquisition Financing Partner Buyout Funding Debt Re-financing Franchise Financing Equipment Financing Commercial Mortgages Commercial Construction Loans SBA Preferred Lender Loans Online Banking Checking Accounts Money Market Accounts Sweep Accounts Zero Balance Accounts Overnight Investments Certificates of Deposit Business Debit Cards Lockbox Payment Processing Payroll Services Employer Sponsored Retirement Plans Personal Checking Accounts Savings / Money Market Accounts Certificates of Deposit Residential Mortgage Loans Asset Secured Loans Loans for Business Investment Construction Loans Lot & Land Loans Investment Management Financial Planning Retirement Account Services Qualified Plans Bank revenues are derived from interest and fees received in
connection with loans, deposits, and investments. Major expenses of the Bank consist of personnel, interest paid on deposits and
borrowings, and other operating expenses. Revenues from the Mortgage Division consist primarily of gains from the sale of loans
and loan origination fees. Major expenses of the Mortgage Division consist of personnel, advertising, and other operating expenses.
Revenue generated by the Bank (excluding the Mortgage Division) totaled $40.3 million in 2014. The Mortgage Division contributed
$15.8 million; others contributed $3.5 million prior to inter-company eliminations. In 2014, the Bank’s pre-tax earnings
amounted to 87.8% of the Corporation’s total income before taxes and the Mortgage Division and others contributed the remaining
12.2%. The economy, interest rates, monetary and fiscal policies of
the federal government, and regulatory policies have a significant influence on the Corporation, the Bank, the Mortgage Division,
ACM, and the banking industry as a whole. The economy shows signs of gradual improvement with the national unemployment rate dropping
from 6.6% in January 2014 to 5.4% in December 2014. The January 2015 statement of the Federal Open Market Committee (“FOMC”)
projected the federal funds rate to remain at zero percent to 0.25% even though the national unemployment rate is below 6.0% as
inflation continues to run below the 2% longer-run goal set by the Committee. The continued low rate environment will continue
to stress net interest margins. The Bank operates from five banking centers located in Virginia:
Chantilly, Tysons, Reston, Leesburg and Manassas, and online at www.accessnationalbank.com. Additional offices may be added from
time to time based upon management’s constant analysis of the market and opportunities. 3 The Mortgage Division specializes in the origination of conforming
and government insured residential mortgages to individuals in the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area, the surrounding
areas of its branch locations, outside of its local markets via direct mail solicitation, and otherwise. The Mortgage Division
has established offices throughout Virginia; in Fairfax, Reston, Roanoke, and McLean. Offices outside the state of Virginia include
New Smyrna Beach in Florida, Indianapolis in Indiana, Nashville in Tennessee, Hagerstown in Maryland, and Atlanta in Georgia. The following table details the geographic distribution of
the real estate collateral securing mortgage loans originated by the Mortgage Division in the periods indicated. The individually
named states are those in which the Mortgage Division had a physical presence during the periods described. In addition to making
loans for purchases within its markets, the Mortgage Division makes loans to borrowers for second homes located elsewhere, as
well as utilizes direct mail to solicit loans outside its local markets, which accounts for the “Other States” category.
Percentages are of the total dollar value of originations, as opposed to the number of originations. Loan Origination By State Year Ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 COLORADO (production branch closed April 2013) 1.30 % 4.81 % 6.11 % FLORIDA 8.44 % 6.36 % 2.92 % GEORGIA 11.23 % 8.24 % 4.37 % INDIANA 26.81 % 16.57 % 12.75 % MARYLAND 9.16 % 8.20 % 7.54 % TENNESSEE 2.89 % 1.37 % 5.02 % TEXAS (production branch closed January 2013) 1.12 % 3.11 % 5.18 % VIRGINIA 25.47 % 21.93 % 21.36 % 86.42 % 70.59 % 65.25 % Other States 13.58 % 29.41 % 34.75 % 100.00 % 100.00 % 100.00 % The Mortgage Division’s activities
rely on insurance provided by the Department of Housing and Urban Development (“HUD”) and the Veterans Administration.
In addition we underwrite mortgage loans in accordance with guidelines for programs under Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that make
these loans marketable in the secondary market. The Corporation and its subsidiaries are
headquartered in Fairfax County, Virginia and primarily focus on serving the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area. 4 Our Strategy – Historical
and Prospective Our view of the financial services marketplace is that community
banks must be effective in select market niches that are underserved and should stay clear of competing with large national competitors
on a head-to-head basis for broad based consumer business. We started by organizing a de novo national bank in 1999. The focus
of the Bank was and is serving the small and medium sized businesses and their associated professionals in the greater Washington,
D.C. Metropolitan Area. We find that large national competitors are ineffective at addressing this market; it is difficult to
distinguish where a business’s financial needs stop and the personal financial needs of that business’s professional’s
start. We believe that emerging businesses and the finances of their owners are best served hand-in-hand. Our core competency is judgmental discipline of commercial
lending based upon our personnel and practices that help our clients strategize and grow their businesses from a financial perspective.
As financial success takes hold in the business, personal goals and wealth objectives of the business owners become increasingly
important. Our second competency is a derivative of the first. We have the personnel, skills and strategy and know how to provide
private banking services that assist our individual clients to acquire assets, build wealth, and manage their resources. Mortgage
banking and the related activities in our model go hand-in-hand with supplying effective private banking services. Unlike most
banking companies, the heart of our Mortgage Division is ingrained into our commercial bank, serving the same clients side-by-side
in a coordinated and seamless fashion. We believe that lending is not enough in today’s environment to attract and retain
commercial and professional clients. The credit services must be backed up by competitive deposit and cash management products
and operational excellence. We have made significant investments in skilled personnel and the latest technology to ensure we can
deliver these services. We generally expect to have fewer branch locations compared
to similar size banking companies. We do not view our branch network as a significant determinant of our growth. Our marketing
strategies focus on benefits other than branch location convenience. The goal was and is to generate at least 80% of the Corporation’s
net income from the core business of the Bank, with the rest of our consolidated net income to be generated from related fee income
activities. During 2014, the Bank accounted for 87.8% of pretax earnings. We will consider entering other related fee income businesses
that serve our target market as opportunities, market conditions, and our capacity dictate. See Note 17 to the consolidated financial
statements for additional information on segment performance. We expect to grow our Bank by continuing to hire and train
our own skilled personnel. We provide a sound infrastructure that facilitates the success of businesses, their owners and key
personnel, not only today but tomorrow and on into the ensuing decades. We will consider growth by careful acquisition; however,
that is not our primary focus. Lending Activities The Bank’s lending activities involve commercial real
estate loans both owner occupied and non-owner occupied, residential real estate loans, commercial loans, commercial and real
estate construction loans, home equity loans, and consumer loans. These lending activities provide access to credit to small and
medium sized businesses, professionals, and consumers in the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area. Loans originated by the
Bank are classified as loans held for investment. The Mortgage Division originates residential mortgages and home equity loans
that are held on average fifteen to forty-five days pending their sale primarily to mortgage banking subsidiaries of large financial
institutions. The Bank is also approved to sell loans directly to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and is able to securitize loans that
are insured by the Federal Housing Administration. In the past, when the Mortgage Division was a separate subsidiary of the Bank,
the Bank would, in certain circumstances, purchase adjustable rate mortgage loans in the Bank’s market area directly from
the Mortgage Corporation to supplement loan growth in the Bank’s portfolio. The Bank did not retain any loans
originated by the Mortgage Division for said purpose in 2014 but may retain loans in the future if management believes doing so
would assist in achieving the Corporation’s strategic goals. Loans held in the Bank’s portfolio at December 31, 2014
resulting from the Mortgage Division’s inability to sell the loan to a third party totaled $3.6 million. Each of our principal
loan types are described below. At December 31, 2014 loans held for investment totaled
$776.6 million compared to $687.1 million at year end 2013. The Bank continued to experience growth in all loan categories reflecting
continued improvement in the local economic conditions. The Bank’s lending activities are subject to a variety
of lending limits imposed by federal law. While differing limits apply in certain circumstances based on the type of loan, in
general, the Bank’s lending limit to any one borrower on loans that are not fully secured by readily marketable or other
permissible collateral is equal to 15% of the Bank’s capital and surplus. Permissible collateral consists of: inventory,
accounts receivable, general intangibles, equipment, real estate, marketable securities, cash, and vehicles. The Bank has established
relationships with correspondent banks to participate in loans when loan amounts exceed the Bank’s legal lending limits
or internal lending policies. At December 31, 2014 unsecured loans were comprised of $2.2 million in commercial loans and approximately
$448 thousand in consumer loans and collectively equal approximately 0.4% of the loans held for investment portfolio. 5 We have an established credit policy that includes procedures
for underwriting each type of loan and lending personnel have been assigned specific authorities based upon their experience.
Loans in excess of an individual loan officer’s authority are presented to our Loan Committee for approval. The Loan Committee
meets weekly to facilitate a timely approval process for our clients. Loans are approved based on the borrower’s capacity
for credit, collateral and sources of repayment. Loans are actively monitored to detect any potential performance issues. We manage
our loans within the context of a risk grading system developed by management based upon extensive experience in administering
loan portfolios in our market. Payment performance is carefully monitored for all loans. When loan repayment is dependent upon
an operating business or investment real estate, periodic financial reports, site visits, and select asset verification procedures
are used to ensure that we accurately rate the relative risk of our assets. Based upon criteria that are established by management
and the Board of Directors, the degree of monitoring is escalated or relaxed for any given borrower based upon our assessment
of the future repayment risk. The Bank does not currently hold any pay option adjustable
rate mortgages, loans with teaser rates, subprime loans, Alt A loans or any other loans considered to be “high-risk loans”
in its loans held for investment portfolio, and did not during 2014, 2013, or 2012. The Mortgage Division does not currently originate
any subprime loans or Alt A loans, did not originate such loans in 2014, 2013, or 2012, and does not expect to offer these programs
in the future. Loan Portfolio – Loans Held for Investment. The
following outlines the composition of loans held for investment. Commercial Real Estate Loans-Owner Occupied: Loans in
this category represent 25.68% of our loan portfolio held for investment, as of December 31, 2014. This category represents loans
supporting an owner occupied commercial property. Repayment is dependent upon the cash flows generated by operation of the commercial
property. Loans are secured by the subject property and underwritten to policy standards. Policy standards approved by the Board
of Directors from time to time set forth, among other considerations, loan to value limits, cash flow coverage ratios, and the
general creditworthiness of the obligors. Commercial Real Estate Loans-Non-Owner Occupied: Also
known as Commercial Real Estate Loans-Income Producing. Loans in this category represent 16.15% of our loan portfolio held for
investment, as of December 31, 2014. This category includes loans secured by commercial property that is leased to third parties
and loans to non-profit organizations such as churches and schools. Also included in this category are loans secured by farmland
and multifamily properties. Repayment is dependent upon the cash flows generated from rents or by the non-profit organization.
Loans are secured by the subject property and underwritten to policy standards. Policy standards approved by the Board of Directors
from time to time set forth, among other considerations, loan to value limits, cash flow coverage ratios, and the general creditworthiness
of the obligors. Residential Real Estate Loans: This category includes
loans secured by first or second mortgages on one to four family residential properties, generally extended to existing consumers
of other Bank products, and represents 25.01% of the loan portfolio, as of December 31, 2014. Of this amount, the following sub-categories
exist as a percentage of the whole Residential Real Estate Loan portfolio: Home Equity Lines of Credit 18.03%; First Trust Mortgage
Loans 73.75%; Loans Secured by a Junior Trust 8.22%. Home Equity Loans are extended to borrowers in our target market.
Real estate equity is the largest component of consumer wealth in our marketplace. Once approved, this consumer finance tool allows
the borrowers to access the equity in their home or investment property and use the proceeds for virtually any purpose. Home Equity
Loans are most frequently secured by a second lien on residential property. One to Four Family Residential First Trust Loan, or
First Trust Mortgage Loan, proceeds are used to acquire or refinance the primary financing on owner occupied and residential investment
properties. Junior Trust Loans, or Loans Secured by Second Trust Loans, are to consumers wherein the proceeds have been used for
a stated consumer purpose. Examples of consumer purposes are education, refinancing debt, or purchasing consumer goods. The loans
are generally extended in a single disbursement and repaid over a specified period of time. Loans in the Residential Real Estate portfolio are underwritten
to standards within a traditional consumer framework that is periodically reviewed and updated by our management and Board of
Directors and includes analysis of: repayment source and capacity, value of the underlying property, credit history, savings pattern,
and stability. Commercial Loans: Commercial Loans represent 27.08%
of our loan portfolio held for investment as of December 31, 2014. These loans are to businesses or individuals within our target
market for business purposes. Typically the loan proceeds are used to support working capital and the acquisition of fixed assets
of an operating business. These loans are underwritten based upon our assessment of the obligor’s(s’) ability to generate
operating cash flow in the future necessary to repay the loan. To address the risks associated with the uncertainties of future
cash flow, these loans are generally well secured by assets owned by the business or its principal shareholders and the principal
shareholders are typically required to guarantee the loan. 6 Real Estate Construction Loans: Real Estate Construction
Loans, also known as construction and land development loans, comprise 5.29% of our held for investment loan portfolio as of December
31, 2014. These loans generally fall into one of four circumstances: loans to construct owner occupied commercial buildings, loans
to individuals that are ultimately used to acquire property and construct an owner occupied residence, loans to builders for the
purpose of acquiring property and constructing homes for sale to consumers, and loans to developers for the purpose of acquiring
land that is developed into finished lots for the ultimate construction of residential or commercial buildings. Loans of these
types are generally secured by the subject property within limits established by the Board of Directors based upon an assessment
of market conditions and up-dated from time to time. The loans typically carry recourse to principal borrowers. In addition
to the repayment risk associated with loans to individuals and businesses, loans in this category carry construction completion
risk. To address this additional risk, loans of this type are subject to additional administrative procedures designed to verify
and ensure progress of the project in accordance with allocated funding, project specifications, and time frames. Consumer Loans: Consumer Loans make up approximately
0.79% of our loan portfolio as of December 31, 2014. Most loans are well secured with assets other than real estate, such as marketable
securities or automobiles. Very few loans are unsecured. As a matter of operation, management discourages unsecured lending. Loans
in this category are underwritten to standards within a traditional consumer framework that is periodically reviewed and updated
by our management and Board of Directors: repayment source and capacity, collateral value, credit history, savings pattern, and
stability. Loans Held for Sale (“LHFS”). Loans
in this category are originated by the Mortgage Division and comprised of residential mortgage loans extended to consumers and
underwritten in accordance with standards set forth by an institutional investor to whom we expect to sell the loan. Loan proceeds
are used for the purchase or refinance of the property securing the loan. Loans and servicing are sold concurrently. The LHFS
loans are closed in our name and carried on our books until the loan is delivered to and purchased by an investor, generally within
fifteen to forty-five days. In 2014, we originated $408 million of loans processed in this manner, down from $575 million in 2013.
At December 31, 2014 loans held for sale totaled $45.0 million compared to $24.4 million at year end 2013. The amount of
loans held for sale outstanding at the end of any given month fluctuates with the volume of loans closed during the month and
the timing of loans purchased by investors. Brokered Loans Brokered loans are underwritten and closed by a third party
lender. We are paid a fee for procuring and packaging brokered loans. In 2014, we originated a total volume of $7.2 million in
residential mortgage loans under this type of delivery method compared to $1.4 million in 2013. Brokered loans accounted for 2.0%
of the total loan volume of the Mortgage Division at December 31, 2014 and 2013. The risks associated with this activity are limited
to losses or claims arising from fraud. Deposits Deposits are the primary source of funding
loan growth. At December 31, 2014 deposits totaled $755.4 million compared to $573.0 million at December 31, 2013. Market Area The Corporation, the Bank, the Mortgage Division, and ACM are
headquartered in Fairfax County and primarily serve the Northern Virginia region and the Greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan
Area. We believe that the economic conditions in Fairfax County provide a reasonable proxy for economic conditions across our
primary market, the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area. Fairfax County is a diverse and thriving urban county. Recent
population figures of the county were reported at 1,130,924 making it the most populous jurisdiction in the Commonwealth of Virginia,
with about 13.6% of Virginia's population. The proximity to Washington, D.C. and the influence of the federal government and its
spending provides somewhat of a recession shelter for the area. In 2014, Virginia received the fourth largest amount of federal
procurement dollars of all states and the District of Columbia. Fairfax County ranks the highest among the counties in Virginia
receiving federal procurement money. The U.S. Census Bureau and the Fairfax County government provide the following information
about current economic conditions and trends in Fairfax County. The average price of all homes that sold in November 2014 increased
6.9% compared to the average sales price in November 2013. Home resale values in the Washington DC area continued to rise during
2014 as reported by Standard & Poor’s Case-Shiller Home Price Indices with the housing outlook for 2015 reported as
stable to slightly better than 2014. According to the Federal Reserve Board’s Fifth District
– Richmond January 2015 report, Virginia’s economy improved according to the most recent data with strong employment
growth and improved housing conditions. While 2013 had seen an increase in office vacancy rates, 2014 saw declines in the rates:
from 14.9% in third quarter 2013 to 14.1% in third quarter 2014. 7 At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Bank had approximately $125.4
million and $90.7 million, respectively in non-owner occupied income producing commercial real estate loans. The properties securing
these loans are generally small office buildings and industrial properties located in our trade area with less than ten tenants.
Income producing property loans are underwritten with personal and business guarantees that provide secondary sources of repayment
and mitigate market risk factors. The unemployment rate for Fairfax County was 3.5% in December
2014 compared to 4.8% for the state of Virginia and 5.4% for the nation. Median household income in Fairfax County was $110,292
compared to Virginia at $63,907. Competition The Bank competes with virtually all banks
and financial institutions which offer services in its market area. Much of this competition comes from large financial institutions
headquartered outside the state of Virginia, each of which has greater financial and other resources to conduct large advertising
campaigns and offer incentives. To attract business in this competitive environment, the Bank relies on personal contact by its
officers and directors, local promotional activities, and the ability to provide personalized custom services to small and medium
sized businesses and professionals. In addition to providing full service banking, the Bank offers and promotes alternative and
modern conveniences such as internet banking, automated clearinghouse transactions, remote deposit capture, and courier services
for commercial clients. Because federal regulation of financial institutions changes regularly and is the subject of constant
legislative debate, we cannot foresee how federal regulation of financial institutions may change in the future. However, it is
possible that current and future governmental regulatory and economic initiatives could impact the competitive landscape in the
Bank’s markets. Employees At December 31, 2014 the Corporation had 220 employees, 114
of whom were employed by the Bank (excluding the Mortgage Division), 93 of whom were employed by the Mortgage Division, and 13
of whom were employed by the Wealth Management subsidiaries. None of the employees of the Corporation are subject to a collective
bargaining agreement. Management considers employee relations to be good. Supervision and Regulation Set forth below is a brief description of the material laws
and regulations that affect the Corporation. The description of these statutes and regulations is only a summary and is not a
complete discussion or analysis. This discussion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the statutes and regulations summarized
below. No assurance can be given that these statutes or regulations will not change in the future. General. The financial crisis of 2008,
the threat of collapse of numerous financial institutions, and other recent events led to the adoption of numerous new laws and
regulations that apply to and focus on financial institutions. The most significant of these laws is the Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (“Dodd-Frank Act”) which was adopted on July 21, 2010 and, in part, is
intended to implement significant structural reforms to the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act is discussed in more
detail below. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and other regulatory reforms,
the Corporation continues to experience a period of rapidly changing regulations. These regulatory changes could have a significant
impact on how the Corporation conducts its business. The specific implications of these new laws and regulations cannot yet be
fully predicted and will depend to a large extent on the specific regulations that are adopted in the coming months and years. As a national bank, the Bank is subject to regulation, supervision,
and regular examination by the Comptroller. The prior approval of the Comptroller or other appropriate bank regulatory authority
is required for a national bank to merge with another bank or purchase the assets or assume the deposits of another bank. In reviewing
applications seeking approval of merger and acquisition transactions, the bank regulatory authorities will consider, among other
things, the competitive effect and public benefits of the transactions, the capital position of the combined organization, the
risks to the stability of the U.S. banking or financial system, the applicant’s performance record under the Community Reinvestment
Act (“CRA”) and fair housing initiatives, and the effectiveness of the subject organizations in combating money laundering
activities. Each depositor’s account with the Bank is insured by the FDIC to the maximum amount permitted by law. The Bank
is also subject to certain regulations promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board and applicable provisions of Virginia law, insofar
as they do not conflict with or are not preempted by federal banking law. The regulations of the FDIC, the Comptroller, and Federal Reserve
Board govern most aspects of the Corporation’s business, including deposit reserve requirements, investments, loans, certain
check clearing activities, issuance of securities, payment of dividends, branching, deposit interest rate ceilings, and numerous
other matters. 8 As a consequence of the extensive regulation of commercial
banking activities in the United States, the Corporation’s business is particularly susceptible to changes in state and
federal legislation and regulations, which may have the effect of increasing the cost of doing business, limiting permissible
activities or increasing competition. The Bank Holding Company Act. The Corporation
is a bank holding company within the meaning of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, and is registered as such with, and subject
to the supervision of, the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond. A bank holding company is required
to obtain the approval of the Federal Reserve Board before making certain acquisitions or engaging in certain activities. Bank
holding companies and their subsidiaries are also subject to restrictions on transactions with insiders and affiliates. Generally, a bank holding company is required to obtain the
approval of the Federal Reserve Board before it may acquire all or substantially all of the assets of any bank, and before it
may acquire ownership or control of the voting shares of any bank if, after giving effect to the acquisition, the bank holding
company would own or control more than 5% of the voting shares of such bank. The Federal Reserve Board’s approval is also
required for the merger or consolidation of bank holding companies. The Corporation is required to file periodic reports with the
Federal Reserve Board and provide any additional information as the Federal Reserve Board may require. The Federal Reserve Board
also has the authority to examine the Corporation and the Bank, as well as any arrangements between the Corporation and the Bank,
with the cost of any such examinations to be borne by the Corporation. The Federal Reserve Board has the power to order any bank
holding company or its subsidiaries to terminate any activity or to terminate its ownership or control of any subsidiary when
the Federal Reserve Board has reasonable grounds to believe that continuation of such activity or ownership constitutes a serious
risk to the financial soundness, safety or stability of any bank subsidiary of the bank holding company. Banking subsidiaries of bank holding companies are also subject
to certain restrictions imposed by federal law in dealings with their holding companies and other affiliates. The Dodd-Frank Act. The Dodd-Frank
Act implements far-reaching changes across the financial regulatory landscape, including changes that will affect all bank holding
companies and banks, including the Corporation and the Bank. Provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that significantly affect the business
of the Corporation and the Bank include the following: · Creation of a new agency, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), that has rulemaking authority for a wide range of consumer protection laws that would apply to all banks and have broad powers to supervise and enforce consumer protection laws. · Changes in standards for Federal preemption of state laws related to federally chartered institutions, such as the Bank, and their subsidiaries. · Permanent increase of deposit insurance coverage to $250 thousand and permission for depository institutions to pay interest on business checking accounts. · Changes in the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of insured deposits to consolidated assets less tangible capital, eliminates the ceiling on the size of the Deposit Insurance Fund (“DIF’), and increases the floor of the size of the DIF. · Prohibition on banks and their affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading and investing in and sponsoring certain unregistered investment companies (the “Volker Rule”). · Requires loan originators to retain 5 percent of any loan sold or securitized, unless it is a “qualified residential mortgage”, subject to certain exceptions. Many aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act remain subject to future
rulemaking making it difficult to anticipate the overall financial impact on the Corporation, its subsidiaries, its customers
or the financial industry more generally. Some of the rules that have been proposed and, in some cases, adopted to comply with
the Dodd-Frank Act’s mandates are discussed further below. 9 Dividends. There are both federal and state
regulatory restrictions on dividend payments by both the Bank and the Corporation that may affect the Corporation’s ability
to pay dividends on its common stock. As a bank holding company, the Corporation is a separate legal entity from the Bank. Virtually
all of the Corporation’s income results from dividends paid to the Corporation by the Bank. The amount of dividends that
may be paid by the Bank depends upon the Bank’s net income and capital position and is limited by federal and state law,
regulations, and policies. In addition to specific regulations governing the permissibility of dividends, the Federal Reserve
Board and the Comptroller are generally authorized to prohibit payment of dividends if they determine that the payment of dividends
by the Corporation or the Bank, respectively, would be an unsafe and unsound banking practice. The Corporation began paying dividends
in February 2006 and, as of March 11, 2015, meets all regulatory requirements to continue doing so. The Corporation paid dividends
totaling $8.9 million in 2014 and January 2015, which includes a special, non-routine cash dividend of $0.35 per share discussed
in more detail under “Item 5 - Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities”. Capital Requirements. The Federal Reserve
Board, the Comptroller and the FDIC have adopted rules to implement the Basel III capital framework as outlined by the Basel Committee
on Banking Supervision and standards for calculating risk-weighted assets and risk-based capital measurements (collectively, the
“Basel III Final Rules”) that apply to banking organizations they supervise. For the purposes of these capital rules,
(i) common equity tier 1 capital (“CET1”) consists principally of common stock (including surplus) and retained earnings;
(ii) Tier 1 capital consists principally of CET1 plus non-cumulative preferred stock and related surplus, and certain grandfathered
cumulative preferred stocks and trust preferred securities; and (iii) Tier 2 capital consists principally of Tier 1 capital plus
qualifying subordinated debt and preferred stock, and limited amounts of the allowance for loan losses. Each regulatory capital
classification is subject to certain adjustments and limitations, as implemented by the Basel III Final Rules. The Basel III Final
Rules also establish risk weightings that are applied to many classes of assets held by community banks, importantly including
applying higher risk weightings to certain commercial real estate loans. The Basel III Final Rules were effective on January 1, 2015,
and the Basel III Final Rules capital conservation buffer (as described below) will be phased in from 2015 to 2019. When fully phased in, the Basel III Final Rules require banks
to maintain (i) a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets (the “CET1 Capital Ratio”) of at least 4.5%, plus
a 2.5% “capital conservation buffer” (which is added to the 4.5% CET1 ratio as that buffer is phased in, effectively
resulting in a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7%), (ii) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets (the “Tier 1 Capital Ratio”) of at least 6.0%, plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the
6.0% Tier 1 capital ratio as that buffer is phased in, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5% upon full
implementation), (iii) a minimum ratio of total (that is, Tier 1 plus Tier 2) capital to risk-weighted assets (the “Total
Capital Ratio”) of at least 8.0%, plus the capital conservation buffer (which is added to the 8.0% total capital ratio as
that buffer is phased in, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of 10.5% upon full implementation) and (iv) a
minimum leverage ratio (the “Leverage Ratio”) of 4%, calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to balance sheet exposures
plus certain off-balance sheet exposures (computed as the average for each quarter of the month-end ratios for the quarter). The Basel III Final Rules provide deductions from and adjustments
to regulatory capital measures, and primarily to CET1, including deductions and adjustments that were not applied to reduce CET1
under historical regulatory capital rules. For example, mortgage servicing rights, deferred tax assets dependent upon future taxable
income and significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities must be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one
such category exceeds 10% of CET1 or all such categories in the aggregate exceed 15% of CET1. These deductions from and adjustments
to regulatory capital will generally be phased in beginning in 2015 through 2018. The Basel III Final Rules permanently includes
in Tier 1 capital trust preferred securities issued prior to May 19, 2010 by bank holding companies with less than $15 billion
in total assets, subject to a limit of 25% of Tier 1 capital. The Basel III Final Rules also implement a “countercyclical
capital buffer,” generally designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress and to be imposed when national regulators
determine that excess aggregate credit growth becomes associated with a buildup of systemic risk. This buffer is a CET1 add-on
to the capital conservation buffer in the range of 0% to 2.5% when fully implemented (potentially resulting in total buffers of
between 2.5% and 5%). Prompt Corrective Action. The federal banking
agencies have broad powers to take prompt corrective action to resolve problems of insured depositary institutions. Under the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 (“FDICIA”), there are five capital categories applicable
to insured institutions, each with specific regulatory consequences. The extent of the agencies’ powers depends on whether
the institution in question is “well capitalized”, “adequately capitalized”, “undercapitalized”,
“significantly undercapitalized”, or “critically undercapitalized”, as such terms are defined under uniform
regulations issued by each of the federal banking agencies. If the appropriate federal banking agency determines that an insured
institution is in an unsafe or unsound condition, it may reclassify the institution to a lower capital category (other than critically
undercapitalized) and require the submission of a plan to correct the unsafe or unsound condition. 10 Failure to meet statutorily mandated capital guidelines or
more restrictive ratios separately established for a financial institution could subject the Corporation and the Bank to a variety
of enforcement remedies, including issuance of a capital directive, the termination of deposit insurance by the FDIC, a prohibition
on accepting or renewing brokered deposits, limitations on the rates of interest that the institution may pay on its deposits
and other restrictions on its business. In addition, an institution cannot make a capital distribution, such as a dividend or
other distribution that is in substance a distribution of capital to the owners of the institution if following such a distribution
the institution would be undercapitalized. Thus, if payment of such a distribution would cause the Bank to become undercapitalized,
it could not pay a dividend to the Corporation. Deposit Insurance. The Bank’s deposits
are insured by the DIF of the FDIC up to the standard maximum insurance amount for each deposit insurance ownership category.
The basic limit on FDIC deposit insurance coverage is $250,000 per depositor. Under the FDIA, the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance
upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue
operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC, subject to administrative
and potential judicial hearing and review processes. The DIF is funded by assessments on banks and other depository
institutions calculated based on average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity (defined as Tier 1 capital).
As required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the FDIC has adopted a large-bank pricing assessment scheme, set a target “designated
reserve ratio” (described in more detail below) of 2 percent for the DIF and established a lower assessment rate schedule
when the reserve ratio reaches 1.15 percent and, in lieu of dividends, provides for a lower assessment rate schedule, when the
reserve ratio reaches 2 percent and 2.5 percent. An institution's assessment rate depends upon the institution's assigned risk
category, which is based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and certain other factors. Initial base assessment
rates ranges from 2.5 to 45 basis points. The FDIC may make the following further adjustments to an institution’s initial
base assessment rates: decreases for long-term unsecured debt including most senior unsecured debt and subordinated debt; increases
for holding long-term unsecured debt or subordinated debt issued by other insured depository institutions; and increases for broker
deposits in excess of 10 percent of domestic deposits for institutions not well rated and well capitalized. The Dodd-Frank Act transferred to the FDIC increased discretion
with regard to managing the required amount of reserves for the DIF, or the “designated reserve ratio.” Among other
changes, the Dodd-Frank Act (i) raised the minimum designated reserve ratio to 1.35 percent and removed the upper limit on the
designated reserve ratio, (ii) requires that the designated reserve ratio reach 1.35 percent by September 2020, and (iii) requires
the FDIC to offset the effect on institutions with total consolidated assets of less than $10 billion of raising the designated
reserve ratio from 1.15 percent to 1.35 percent – which requirement will be met by rules that will be proposed by the FDIC
when the reserve ratio approaches 1.15 percent. The FDIA requires that the FDIC consider the appropriate level for the designated
reserve ratio on at least an annual basis. The FDIC has adopted a new DIF restoration plan to ensure that the fund reserve ratio
reaches 1.35 percent by September 30, 2020, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act. Confidentiality and Required Disclosures of Financial
Information. The Corporation is subject to various laws and regulations that address the privacy of nonpublic personal
financial information of consumers. The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and certain other regulations issued thereunder protect against
the transfer and use by financial institutions of consumer nonpublic personal information. A financial institution must provide
to its customers, at the beginning of the customer relationship and annually thereafter, the institution’s policies and
procedures regarding the handling of customers’ nonpublic personal financial information. These privacy provisions generally
prohibit a financial institution from providing a customer’s personal financial information to unaffiliated third parties
unless the institution discloses to the customer that the information may be so provided and the customer is given the opportunity
to opt out of such disclosure. The Corporation is subject to various laws and regulations
that attempt to combat money laundering and terrorist financing. The Bank Secrecy Act requires all financial institutions to,
among other things, create a system of controls designed to prevent money laundering, the financing of terrorism, and imposes
recordkeeping and reporting requirements. The USA Patriot Act provides for the facilitation of information sharing among governmental
entities and financial institutions for the purpose of combating terrorism and money laundering. Certain provisions of the USA
PATRIOT Act impose the obligation to establish anti-money laundering programs. The Federal Bureau of Investigation
(“FBI”) has sent, and will send, our banking regulatory agencies lists of the names of persons suspected of involvement
in terrorist activities. The Bank has been requested, and will be requested, to search its records for any relationships or transactions
with persons on those lists. If the Bank finds any relationships or transactions, it must file a suspicious activity report and
contact the FBI. The Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”), which is a division of the U.S. Treasury, is responsible
for helping to insure that United States entities do not engage in transactions with “enemies” of the United States,
as defined by various Executive Orders and Acts of Congress. OFAC has sent, and will send, our banking regulatory agencies lists
of names of persons and organizations suspected of aiding, harboring or engaging in terrorist acts, and publicly releases information
on designations of persons and organizations suspected of engaging in these activities. If the Bank finds a name on any transaction,
account or wire transfer that is on an OFAC list, it must freeze such account or place transferred funds in a blocked account,
file a suspicious activity report and notify the FBI. 11 Community Reinvestment Act. The
Bank is subject to the requirements of CRA. The CRA imposes on financial institutions an affirmative and ongoing obligation to
meet the credit needs of their local communities, including low and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and
sound operation of those institutions. A financial institution’s efforts in meeting community credit needs currently are
evaluated as part of the examination process pursuant to three performance tests. These factors also are considered in evaluating
mergers, acquisitions, and applications to open a branch or facility. In October 2011, the Bank received a “satisfactory”
CRA rating. Federal Home Loan Bank (“FHLB”) of Atlanta . The Bank is a member of the FHLB of Atlanta, which is one of twelve regional FHLBs that provide funding to their members for
making housing loans as well as for affordable housing and community development lending. Each FHLB serves as a reserve or central
bank for its members within its assigned region. It is funded primarily from proceeds derived from the sale of consolidated obligations
of the FHLB System. It makes loans to members (i.e., advances) in accordance with policies and procedures established by the Board
of Directors of the FHLB. As a member the Bank is required to purchase and maintain stock in the FHLB in an amount equal to 4.5%
of aggregate outstanding advances in addition to the membership stock requirement of 0.09% of the Bank’s total assets. Consumer Protection. The Dodd-Frank Act
created the CFPB, a federal regulatory agency that is responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal
consumer financial laws for institutions with more than $10 billion of assets and, to a lesser extent, smaller institutions. The
Dodd-Frank Act gives the CFPB authority to supervise and regulate providers of consumer financial products and services, and establishes
the CFPB’s power to act against unfair, deceptive or abusive practices, and gives the CFPB rulemaking authority in connection
with numerous federal consumer financial protection laws (for example, but not limited to, the Truth-in-Lending Act and the Real
Estate Settlement Procedures Act). As a smaller institution (i.e., with assets of $10 billion
or less), most consumer protection aspects of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be applied to the Corporation by the Federal
Reserve Board and to the Bank by the Comptroller. However, the CFPB may include its own examiners in regulatory examinations by
a small institution’s prudential regulators and may require smaller institutions to comply with certain CFPB reporting requirements.
In addition, regulatory positions taken by the CFPB and administrative and legal precedents established by CFPB enforcement activities,
including in connection with supervision of larger bank holding companies, could influence how the Federal Reserve Board and Comptroller
apply consumer protection laws and regulations to financial institutions that are not directly supervised by the CFPB. The precise
effect of the CFPB’s consumer protection activities on the Corporation and the Bank cannot be determined with certainty. Mortgage Banking Regulation . The Mortgage
Division is subject to the rules and regulations of, and examination by, HUD, the Federal Housing Administration, the Department
of Veterans Affairs, and state regulatory authorities with respect to originating, processing, and selling mortgage loans. Those
rules and regulations, among other things, establish standards for loan origination, prohibit discrimination, provide for inspections
and appraisals of property, require credit reports on prospective borrowers, and, in some cases, restrict certain loan features
and fix maximum interest rates and fees. In addition to other federal laws, mortgage origination activities are subject to the
Equal Credit Opportunity Act, Truth-in-Lending Act, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, and Home
Ownership Equity Protection Act, and the regulations promulgated there under. These laws prohibit discrimination, require the
disclosure of certain basic information to mortgagors concerning credit and settlement costs, limit payment for settlement services
to the reasonable value of the services rendered, and require the maintenance and disclosure of information regarding the disposition
of mortgage applications based on race, gender, geographical distribution, and income level. The Mortgage Division’s mortgage origination activities
are also subject to Regulation Z, which implements the Truth-in-Lending Act. Certain provisions of Regulation Z require mortgage
lenders to make a reasonable and good faith determination, based on verified and documented information, that a consumer applying
for a mortgage loan has a reasonable ability to repay the loan according to its terms. Alternatively, a mortgage lender can originate
“qualified mortgages”, which are generally defined as mortgage loans without negative amortization, interest-only
payments, balloon payments, terms exceeding 30 years, and points and fees paid by a consumer equal to or less than 3% of the total
loan amount. Higher-priced qualified mortgages (e.g., subprime loans) receive a rebuttable presumption of compliance with ability-to-repay
rules, and other qualified mortgages (e.g., prime loans) are deemed to comply with the ability-to-repay rules. The Mortgage Division
predominately originates mortgage loans that comply with Regulation Z’s “qualified mortgage” rules. Consumer Laws and Regulations. The Bank is also
subject to certain consumer laws and regulations that are designed to protect consumers in transactions with banks. While the
list set forth herein is not exhaustive, these laws and regulations include the Truth in Lending Act, the Truth in Savings Act,
the Electronic Funds Transfer Act, the Expedited Funds Availability Act, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Credit Reporting
Act, and the Fair Housing Act, among others. These laws and regulations mandate certain disclosure requirements and regulate the
manner in which financial institutions transact business with customers. The Bank must comply with the applicable provisions of
these consumer protection laws and regulations as part of its ongoing customer relations. 12 Incentive Compensation. The Federal Reserve
Board, the Comptroller and the FDIC issued regulatory guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of
banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness of such organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The Federal Reserve Board will review, as part of the regular,
risk-focused examination process, the incentive compensation arrangements of banking organizations, such as the Corporation, that
are not “large, complex banking organizations.” The findings will be included in reports of examination and deficiencies
will be incorporated into the organization's supervisory ratings. Enforcement actions may be taken against a banking organization
if its incentive compensation arrangements, or related risk-management control or governance processes, pose a risk to the organization's
safety and soundness and the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. The Dodd-Frank Act requires the SEC and the federal bank regulatory
agencies to establish joint regulations or guidelines that require financial institutions with assets of at least $1 billion to
disclose the structure of their incentive compensation practices and prohibit such institutions from maintaining compensation
arrangements that encourage inappropriate risk-taking by providing excessive compensation or that could lead to material financial
loss to the financial institution. The SEC and the federal bank regulatory agencies proposed such regulations in March 2011. If
the regulations are adopted in the form initially proposed, they will impose limitations on the manner in which the Corporation
may structure compensation for its executives only if the Corporation’s total consolidated assets exceed $1 billion. These
proposed regulations incorporate the principles discussed in the Incentive Compensation Guidance. The comment period for these
proposed regulations has closed, and a final rule has not yet been published. Stress Testing. As required by the Dodd-Frank
Act, the federal banking agencies have implemented stress testing requirements for certain financial institutions, including bank
holding companies and state chartered banks, with more than $10 billion in total consolidated assets. Although these requirements
do not apply to institutions with $10 billion or less in total consolidated assets, the federal banking agencies, including the
Comptroller, emphasize that all banking organizations, regardless of size, should have the capacity to analyze the potential impact
of adverse market conditions or outcomes on the organization’s financial condition. Based on existing regulatory guidance,
the Corporation and the Bank will be expected to consider the institution’s interest rate risk management, commercial real
estate concentrations and other credit-related information, and funding and liquidity management during this analysis of adverse
market conditions or outcomes. Volcker Rule . The Dodd-Frank Act prohibits
bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks from engaging in proprietary trading except in limited circumstances, and places
limits on ownership of equity investments in private equity and hedge funds (the “Volcker Rule”). On December 10,
2013, the U.S. financial regulatory agencies (including the Federal Reserve Board, the FDIC, the Comptroller and the SEC) adopted
final rules to implement the Volcker Rule. In relevant part, these final rules would have prohibited banking entities from owning
collateralized debt obligations (CDOs) backed by trust preferred securities (TruPS), effective July 21, 2015. However, subsequent
to these final rules the U.S. financial regulatory agencies issued an interim rule effective April 1, 2014 to exempt CDOs backed
by TruPS from the final rule implementing the Volker Rule, provided that (a) the CDO was established prior to May 19, 2010, (b)
the banking entity reasonably believes that the CDO’s offering proceeds were used to invest primarily in TruPS issued by
banks with less than $15 billion in assets, and (c) the banking entity acquired the CDO investment on or before December 10, 2013.
The Corporation currently does not have any CDO investments, and the Corporation believes that its financial condition will not
be significantly impacted by the Volcker Rule, the final rule or the interim rule. Several portions of the Volcker Rule remain
subject to regulatory rulemaking and legislative activity, including to further delay effectiveness of some provisions of the
Volcker Rule. The Corporation does not expect that any delays in the effectiveness of a portion of the Volcker Rule will significantly
affect the Corporation’s financial condition. 13 ITEM 1A – RISK FACTORS Risks Related
to the Corporation’s Business Our future success will depend on our ability to compete
effectively in the highly competitive financial services industry in Northern Virginia. We face substantial competition in all phases of our operations
from a variety of different competitors. In particular, there is very strong competition for financial services in Northern Virginia
and the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area in which we conduct a substantial portion of our business. We compete with
commercial banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, securities
brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market funds and other mutual funds, as well as other local and community, super-regional,
national and international financial institutions that operate offices in our primary market areas and elsewhere. Our future growth
and success will depend on our ability to compete effectively in this highly competitive financial services environment. Many
of our competitors are well-established, larger financial institutions and many offer products and services that we do not. Many
have substantially greater resources, name recognition and market presence that benefit them in attracting business. Some of our
competitors are not subject to the same regulation as is imposed on bank holding companies and federally-insured national banks,
including credit unions which do not pay federal income tax, and, therefore, have regulatory advantages over us in accessing funding
and in providing various services. While we believe we compete effectively with these other financial institutions in our primary
markets, we may face a competitive disadvantage as a result of our smaller size, smaller asset base, lack of geographic diversification
and inability to spread our marketing costs across a broader market. If we have to raise interest rates paid on deposits or lower
interest rates charged on loans to compete effectively, our net interest margin and income could be negatively affected. Failure
to compete effectively to attract new or to retain existing clients may reduce or limit our net income and our market share and
may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth. Our profitability depends on interest rates generally, and
we may be adversely affected by changes in government monetary policy or by fluctuations in interest rates. Our profitability depends in substantial part on our net interest
margin, which is the difference between the rates we receive on loans and investments and the rates we pay for deposits and other
sources of funds. Our net interest margin depends on many factors that are partly or completely outside of our control, including
competition, federal economic, monetary and fiscal policies, and economic conditions generally. Our net interest income will be
adversely affected if market interest rates change so that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increases faster than
the interest we earn on loans and investments. Changes in interest rates, particularly by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve Board, which implements national monetary policy in order to mitigate recessionary and inflationary pressures,
also affect the value of our loans. In setting its policy, the Federal Reserve Board may utilize techniques such as: (i) engaging
in open market transactions in United States government securities; (ii) setting the discount rate on member bank borrowings;
and (iii) determining reserve requirements. These techniques may have an adverse effect on our deposit levels, net interest margin,
loan demand or our business and operations. In addition, an increase in interest rates could adversely affect borrowers’
ability to pay the principal or interest on existing loans or reduce their desire to borrow more money. This may lead to an increase
in our non-performing assets, a decrease in loan originations, or a reduction in the value of and income from our loans, any of
which could have a material and negative effect on our results of operations. We try to minimize our exposure to interest rate
risk, but we are unable to completely eliminate this risk. Fluctuations in market rates and other market disruptions are neither
predictable nor controllable and may have a material and negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, the Federal Reserve Board’s Federal Open Market Committee has stated that it expects to keep the federal funds
target rate at 0% - 0.25% until economic and labor conditions (as indicated by the unemployment rate) improve. Even though such
a continuance of accommodative monetary policy could allow the Corporation to continue to reprice fixed-rate deposits to lower
rates, sustained low interest rates could put further pressure on the yields generated by the Corporation’s loan portfolio
and on the Corporation’s net interest margin. At December 31, 2014 approximately 62% of the loans held for
investment were variable rate loans. A majority of these loans are based on the prime rate and will adjust upwards as the prime
rate increases. While the variable rate structure on these loans reduces interest rate risk for the Bank, increases in rates may
cause the borrower’s required payment to increase which, in turn, may increase the risk of payment default. Because we make loans primarily to local small and medium
sized businesses, our profitability depends significantly on local economic conditions, particularly real estate values, and the
success of those businesses. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our loan clients
may not repay their loans according to their terms and any collateral securing payment may be insufficient to fully compensate
us for the outstanding balance of the loan plus the costs we incur disposing of the collateral. Although we have collateral for
most of our loans, that collateral can fluctuate in value and may not always cover the outstanding balance on the loan. With most
of our loans concentrated in Northern Virginia, a decline in local economic conditions could adversely affect the values of our
real estate collateral. Consequently, a decline in local economic conditions may have a greater effect on our net income and capital
than on the net income and capital of larger financial institutions whose real estate loan portfolios are more geographically
diverse. 14 In addition to assessing the financial strength and cash flow
characteristics of each of our borrowers, the Bank often secures loans with real estate collateral. At December 31, 2014, approximately
74% of our Bank’s loans held for investment have real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. The real
estate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate
in value during the time the credit is extended. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the
debt during a period of reduced real estate values, our net income and capital could be adversely affected. Our business strategy includes the continuation of our growth
plans, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage
our growth effectively. We intend to continue to grow in our existing banking markets
(internally and through additional offices) and to expand into new markets as appropriate opportunities arise. Our prospects must
be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies that are experiencing growth.
We cannot assure you we will be able to expand our market presence in our existing markets or successfully enter new markets,
or that any expansion will not adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to manage our growth effectively could have
a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, financial condition or results of operations, and could adversely
affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Also, if our growth occurs more slowly than anticipated or
declines, our operating results could be materially affected in an adverse way. Our ability to successfully grow will depend on
a variety of factors, including the continued availability of desirable business opportunities, the competitive responses from
other financial institutions in our market areas and our ability to manage our growth. While we believe we have the management
resources and internal systems in place to successfully manage our future growth, there can be no assurance growth opportunities
will be available or growth will be successfully managed. Although we have
made a limited number of acquisitions, we may face a broad range of risks in connection with future acquisitions that could result
in those acquisitions not increasing shareholder value. As a strategy, we have sought to increase the size of our business
by pursuing business development opportunities, and we have grown rapidly since our incorporation. As part of that strategy, we
have acquired three mortgage companies, a wealth management company, and a small equipment leasing company. We may acquire other
financial institutions and mortgage companies, or parts of those entities, in the future. Acquisitions and mergers involve a number
of risks, including: · the time and costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and merger partners; · the estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risks with respect to the target entity may not be accurate; · the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring experienced local management and opening new offices, and the time lags between these activities and the generation of sufficient assets and deposits to support the costs of the expansion; · our ability to finance an acquisition and possible ownership or economic dilution to our current shareholders; · the diversion of our management’s attention to the negotiation of a transaction, and the integration of the operations and personnel of the combining businesses; · entry into new markets where we lack experience; · the introduction of new products and services into our business; · the incurrence and possible impairment of goodwill associated with an acquisition and possible adverse short-term effects on our results of operations; and · the potential loss of key employees and clients. 15 We may incur substantial costs to expand, and we can give no
assurance such expansion will result in the levels of profits we seek. There can be no assurance that integration efforts for
any future mergers or acquisitions will be successful. Also, we may issue equity securities, including common stock and securities
convertible into shares of our common stock, in connection with future acquisitions, which could cause ownership and economic
dilution to our current shareholders. There is no assurance that, following any future merger or acquisition, our integration
efforts will be successful or our company, after giving effect to the acquisition, will achieve profits comparable to or better
than our historical experience. Our allowance for loan losses could become inadequate and
reduce our net income and capital. We maintain an allowance for loan losses that we believe is
adequate for absorbing any potential losses in our loan portfolio. Management conducts a periodic review and consideration of
the loan portfolio to determine the amount of the allowance for loan losses based upon general market conditions, credit quality
of the loan portfolio and performance of our clients relative to their financial obligations with us. The amount of future losses,
however, is susceptible to changes in borrowers’ circumstances and economic and other market conditions, including changes
in interest rates and collateral values that are beyond our control, and these future losses may exceed our current estimates.
Our allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2014 was $13.4 million. Although we believe the allowance for loan losses is adequate
to absorb probable losses in our loan portfolio, we cannot predict such losses or guarantee that our allowance will be adequate
in the future. Excessive loan losses could have a material impact on our financial performance and reduce our net income and capital. Our future liquidity needs could exceed our available liquidity
sources, which could limit our asset growth and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on dividends from the Bank as our primary source of
funds. The primary sources of funds of the Bank are client deposits and loan repayments. While scheduled loan repayments are a
relatively stable source of funds, they are subject to the ability of borrowers to repay the loans. The ability of borrowers to
repay loans can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events
affecting business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inclement weather,
natural disasters and international instability. Additionally, deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including
rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, regulatory capital requirements, returns available to clients on alternative
investments and general economic conditions. Accordingly, we may be required from time to time to rely on secondary sources of
liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such sources include FHLB advances, sales of securities and
loans, and federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, as well as out-of-market time deposits. While we believe that
these sources are currently adequate, there can be no assurance they will be sufficient to meet future liquidity demands, particularly
if we continue to grow and experience increasing loan demand. We may be required to slow or discontinue loan growth, capital expenditures
or other investments or liquidate assets should such sources not be adequate. We are subject to extensive regulation
that could limit or restrict our activities and adversely affect our net income. We operate in a highly regulated industry,
and both the Corporation and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board, the Comptroller,
and the FDIC. Our compliance with these regulations is costly and restricts certain of our activities, including payment of dividends,
mergers and acquisitions, investments, loans and interest rates charged, interest rates paid on deposits and locations of offices.
We are also subject to capitalization guidelines established by our regulators, which require us to maintain adequate capital
to support our growth. Many of these regulations are intended to protect depositors and the FDIC’s DIF rather than our shareholders. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the related
rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and NASDAQ that are applicable to us, have increased the scope, complexity and cost
of corporate governance, reporting and disclosure practices, including the cost of completing our audit and maintaining our internal
controls. As a result, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience greater compliance costs. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review
banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including
changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect the Corporation in substantial
and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject the Corporation to additional costs, limit the types of financial services
and products the Corporation may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks that are not subject to similar regulation to
offer competing financial services and products, which could place these non-banks in stronger, more favorable competitive positions
and which could adversely affect the Corporation’s growth and ability to operate profitably. Failure to comply with laws,
regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputation damage, which
could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 The Dodd-Frank Act has increased the Corporation’s
regulatory compliance burden and associated costs, placed restrictions on certain products and services, increases the risk and
liability of consumer litigation, and limited its future capital raising strategies. A wide range of regulatory initiatives directed at the financial
services industry has been proposed and/or implemented in recent years. One of those initiatives, the Dodd-Frank Act, was enacted
in 2010 and mandates significant changes in the financial regulatory landscape that will impact all financial institutions, including
the Corporation and the Bank. Since its enactment, the Dodd-Frank Act has increased, and its continuing implementation
is likely to continue to increase, the Corporation’s regulatory compliance burden and may have a material adverse effect
on the Corporation by increasing the costs associated with regulatory examinations and compliance measures. However, it is too
early to fully assess the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and subsequent regulatory rulemaking processes on the Corporation’s
and the Bank’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Among the Dodd-Frank Act’s significant regulatory changes,
the Act creates the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , a new financial consumer protection agency that has the authority to
impose new regulations and include its examiners in routine regulatory examinations conducted by the Comptroller. The CFPB
may reshape the consumer financial laws through rulemaking and enforcement of the Dodd-Frank Act’s prohibitions against
unfair, deceptive and abusive business practices, which may directly impact the business operations of financial institutions
offering consumer financial products or services, including the Corporation and the Bank. This agency’s broad
rulemaking authority includes identifying practices or acts that are unfair, deceptive or abusive in connection with any consumer
financial transaction or consumer financial product or service. Although the CFPB generally has jurisdiction over banks
with $10 billion or greater in assets, rules, regulations and policies issued by the CFPB may also apply to the Corporation, the
Bank and/or the Mortgage Division by virtue of the adoption of such policies and best practices by the Federal Reserve Board,
Comptroller and FDIC. The costs and limitations related to this additional regulatory agency and the limitations and
restrictions that may be placed upon the Corporation with respect to its consumer product and service offerings have yet to be
determined. However, these costs, limitations and restrictions may produce significant, material effects on the Corporation’s
business, financial condition and results of operations. The Dodd-Frank Act also increases regulatory supervision and
examination of bank holding companies and their banking and non-banking subsidiaries. These and other regulations included in
the Dodd-Frank Act could increase the Corporation’s regulatory compliance burden and costs, restrict the financial products
and services the Corporation can offer to its customers and restrict the Corporation’s ability to generate revenues from
non-banking operations. The Dodd-Frank Act imposes more stringent capital requirements on bank holding companies, which may cause
the Corporation to reevaluate elements of its business focus and shape future capital strategies. In January 2014, the Qualified Mortgage (QM) and Qualified
Residential Mortgage (QRM) rules became effective under the Dodd Frank Act and may impact the willingness and ability of community
banks and secondary market participants to make mortgage loans. Among other requirements, these rules require lenders to show
that borrowers met an “ability to repay” test – which can be challenged in court for the entire life of the
loan, raising the risk of litigation. Failure to prove the ability to repay can result in the lender’s obligation to reimburse
the borrower for all payments made. Together with newly imposed timeline restrictions covering the liquidation of problem consumer
mortgage loans, litigation over “ability to repay” may delay the time to collect on soured consumer mortgages and
result in elevated problem assets and increased loss rates. The Basel III Final Rules will require higher levels of
capital and liquid assets, which could adversely affect the Corporation’s net income and return on equity. The capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines applicable to
the Corporation and the Bank under the Basel III Final Rules began to be phased-in beginning in 2015. The Basel III Final Rules
when fully phased-in will require the Corporation and the Bank to maintain substantially more capital as a result of higher required
capital levels and more demanding regulatory capital risk-weightings and calculations. The changes to the standardized calculations
of risk-weighted assets are complex and may create significant compliance burdens for the Corporation and the Bank. The Basel
III Final Rules will require the Corporation and the Bank to substantially change the manner in which they collect and report
information to calculate risk-weighted assets, and may increase risk-weighted assets as a result of applying higher risk-weightings
to many types of loans and securities. As a result, the Corporation and the Bank may be forced to limit originations of certain
types of commercial and mortgage loans, thereby reducing the amount of credit available to borrowers and limiting opportunities
to earn interest income from the loan portfolio, which may have a detrimental effect on the Corporation’s net income. If the Corporation were to require additional capital as a
result of the Basel III Final Rules, it could be required to access the capital markets on short notice and in relatively weak
economic conditions, which could result in banks raising capital that significantly dilutes existing shareholders. Additionally,
the Corporation could be forced to limit banking operations and activities, and growth of loan portfolios and interest income,
to focus on retention of earnings to improve capital levels. Higher capital levels may also lower the Corporation’s return
on equity. 17 Our hedging strategies do not completely eliminate risks
associated with interest rates and we may incur losses due to changes in interest rates that are not effectively hedged. We use various derivative financial instruments to provide
a level of protection against interest rate risks, but no hedging strategy can protect us completely, and we cannot assure you
that our hedging strategy and use of derivatives will offset the risks related to changes in interest rates. When rates change,
we expect to record a gain or loss on derivatives that would be offset by an inverse change in the value of loans held for sale
and mortgage-related securities. We utilize a third party consulting firm to manage our hedging activities and we typically hedge
80% of our loan pipeline and 100% of our loans being warehoused. The derivative financial instruments used to hedge the interest
rate risk of our loan pipeline and warehoused loans are forward sales of 15 year and 30 year mortgage backed securities. The notional
amount and fair value of these derivatives are disclosed in Note 8 of the financial statements. The primary risks related to our hedging activities relate
to incorrect assumptions regarding pull through and the amount of the pipeline being hedged. A hedging policy and hedging management
committee are in place to control, monitor and manage risks associated with our hedging activity. The hedging policy quantifies
risk tolerance thresholds that ensure the economic risk taken is not material to the Corporation’s financial condition or
operating performance. See “Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
— Critical Accounting Policies” and “Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” The profitability
of the Mortgage Division will be significantly reduced if we are not able to sell mortgages. Currently, we generally sell all of the mortgage
loans originated by the Mortgage Division. We only underwrite mortgages that we reasonably expect will have more than one potential
purchaser. The profitability of our Mortgage Division depends in large part upon our ability to originate or purchase a high volume
of loans and to quickly sell them in the secondary market. Thus, we are dependent upon (i) the existence of an active secondary
market and (ii) our ability to sell loans into that market. The Mortgage Division’s ability to
sell mortgage loans readily is dependent upon the availability of an active secondary market for single-family mortgage loans,
which in turn depends in part upon the continuation of programs currently offered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and other institutional
and non-institutional investors. These entities account for a substantial portion of the secondary market in residential mortgage
loans. Some of the largest participants in the secondary market, including Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, are government-sponsored
enterprises with substantial market influence whose activities are governed by federal law. Any future changes in laws that significantly
affect the activity of these government-sponsored enterprises and other institutional and non-institutional investors or any impairment
of our ability to participate in such programs could, in turn, adversely affect our operations. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have reported
past substantial losses and a need for substantial amounts of additional capital. Such losses were due to these entities’
business models being tied extensively to the U.S. housing market which severely contracted during the recent economic downturn.
In response to the deteriorating financial condition of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from the U.S. housing market contraction, Congress
and the U.S. Treasury undertook a series of actions to stabilize these entities. The Federal Housing Finance Agency, or FHFA,
was established in July 2008 pursuant to the Regulatory Reform Act in an effort to enhance regulatory oversight over Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac. FHFA placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into federal conservatorship in September 2008. Both Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac have returned to profitability as a result of the housing market recovery, but their long-term financial viability is highly
dependent on governmental support. If the governmental support is inadequate, these companies could fail to offer programs necessary
to an active secondary market. In addition, future policies that change the relationship between Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and
the U.S. government, including those that result in their winding down, nationalization, privatization, or elimination may have
broad adverse implications for the residential mortgage market, the mortgage-backed securities market and the Mortgage Division’s
business, operations and financial condition. If this were to occur, the Mortgage Division’s ability to sell mortgage loans
readily could be hampered, and the profitability of the Bank could be significantly reduced. Our net income may be adversely affected
if representations and warranties related to loans sold by the Mortgage Division are breached and we must pay related claims. The Mortgage Division makes representations
and warranties that loans sold to investors meet their program’s guidelines and that the information provided by the borrowers
is accurate and complete and that the loan documents are complete and executed by the borrowers. In the event of a default on
a loan sold, the investor may make a claim for losses due to document deficiencies, program compliance, early payment default,
and fraud or borrower misrepresentations. The Mortgage Division maintains a reserve in other liabilities for potential losses
on mortgage loans sold. Net income may be impacted if this reserve is insufficient to cover claims from the investors. 18 Our net income, capital, and reputation may be adversely
affected if our efforts to protect or authenticate customers’ information or customers’ transactions fails. Identity theft and data breaches are on the rise. To date,
our losses have been immaterial due in part to our client awareness program, systems and controls. While we regularly review activity
and adopt new practices when warranted to control exposure, we have no way of predicting when a compromise may occur and the magnitude
or liability arising from such a compromise. In particular, the occurrence of identity theft or data breaches could expose the
Corporation to risks of data loss or data misuse, could damage the Corporation’s reputation and result in the loss of customers
and business, could subject the Corporation to additional regulatory scrutiny or could expose the Corporation to civil litigation,
possible financial liability and costly remedial measures. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on the
Corporation’s financial condition and results of operations. An economic downturn may adversely affect
our operating results and financial condition because our small to medium sized business target market may have fewer financial
resources to weather an economic downturn. We target our commercial development and marketing strategy
primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small and medium sized businesses. These businesses generally have
fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities and, therefore, may be more vulnerable
in an economic downturn. If general economic conditions negatively impact this economic sector in the markets in which we operate,
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, the success of a small or medium sized
business often depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two persons or a small group of persons, and the death,
disability or resignation of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse effect on the business and its ability
to repay a loan. Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and
the strength of our Access National brand and adversely impact our business, client relationships and net income. Reputation risk, or the risk to our businesses’ (including
our primary commercial banking business and secondary mortgage lending business) net income and capital from negative public opinion,
is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities,
including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community
organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract clients
and employees or our access to the capital markets and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action. Virtually
all of our businesses operate under the “Access National” brand. Any actual or alleged conduct by one of our businesses
could result in negative public opinion about our other businesses under the Access National brand. Because our businesses rely
on and leverage the strength of the Access National brand any negative public opinion that tarnishes our Access National brand
may negatively impact our business, client relationships and financial performance. Although we take steps to minimize our reputation
risk in dealing with our clients and communities, due to the nature of the commercial banking and mortgage lending businesses
we will always face some measure of reputational risk. If the U.S. financial system were to destabilize again,
the financial condition of our target markets may suffer, which could adversely affect our business. In response to the financial crises beginning in 2008 that
affected the banking system and financial markets and going concern threats to investment banks and other financial institutions,
various branches and agencies of the U.S. government put in place laws, regulations, and programs to address capital and liquidity
issues in the banking system. There can be no assurance, however, as to the actual long-term impact that such laws, regulations,
and programs will have on the financial markets. Among many other contributing factors, the recent recession
was triggered by instability of financial institutions and large measures of volatility and fear in the financial markets. This
financial instability led to an economic downturn and current stagnant recovery which, in turn, has harmed the financial condition
and performance of our small to medium sized business target market. If despite such laws, regulations, and programs the financial
markets again destabilize, or recent financial market conditions deteriorate rather than continuing to improve or remain steady,
the financial condition of our small to medium sized business target market would suffer and could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock. 19 Significant reductions in U.S. government spending may have
an adverse effect on our local economy and customer base. The Corporation’s success depends significantly on the
general economic conditions in the markets in which it operates. The economy of our primary market, the greater Washington, D.C.
Metropolitan Area is significantly affected by federal government spending. In particular, Fairfax County, Virginia receives more
federal procurement dollars than any other county in Virginia. More broadly, in 2014 the Commonwealth of Virginia ranked fourth
among states that benefit from federal procurement. Some of our customers may be particularly sensitive to the level of federal
government spending, which is affected by many factors, including macroeconomic conditions, administrative and congressional priorities
and the ability of the federal government to enact relevant appropriations bills and other legislation. Any of these or other
factors could result in future cuts in, or uncertainty with respect to, federal spending, which could have a severe negative impact
on individuals and businesses in our primary market areas. Any related increase in unemployment rates or reduction in business
development activities in the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area could lead to increases in loan delinquencies, problem
assets and foreclosures and reductions in loan collateral values, as well as other adverse implications that we cannot predict,
all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and financial condition. We have substantial counterparty risk due to our transactions
with financial institution counterparties and the soundness of such counterparties could adversely affect us. Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could
be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions
are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different counterparties,
and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers, dealers, commercial
banks, investment banks, and government sponsored enterprises. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event
of default of our counterparty. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized
or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or other obligation due us. There is no assurance
that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Associated With The Corporation’s
Common Stock Our ability to pay dividends is subject
to regulatory restrictions, and we may be unable to pay future dividends. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to
regulatory restrictions and the need to maintain sufficient consolidated capital. Also, our only source of funds with which to
pay dividends to our shareholders is dividends we receive from our Bank, and the Bank’s ability to pay dividends to us is
limited by its own obligations to maintain sufficient capital and regulatory restrictions. If these regulatory requirements are
not satisfied, we will be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. We have paid quarterly cash dividends since our first cash
dividend on February 24, 2006. We cannot guarantee that dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in future periods. Certain provisions under our articles
of incorporation and applicable law may make it difficult for others to obtain control of our Corporation even if such a change
in control may be favored by some shareholders. Certain provisions in our articles of incorporation
and applicable Virginia corporate and banking law may have the effect of discouraging a change of control of our company even
if such a transaction is favored by some of our shareholders and could result in shareholders receiving a substantial premium
over the current market price of our shares. The primary purpose of these provisions is to encourage negotiations with
our management by persons interested in acquiring control of our Corporation. These provisions may also tend to perpetuate
present management and make it difficult for shareholders owning less than a majority of the shares to be able to elect even a
single director. The ownership position of certain shareholders,
directors and officers may permit them to exert a major influence on the election of directors and other corporate actions that
require a shareholder vote, including change in control transactions. As of December 31, 2014, our chairman of the board, executive
officers and directors and one other principal shareholder collectively beneficially owned approximately 36.3% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock. Our executive officers and directors collectively beneficially owned approximately 31.0% of our common
stock and one other individual shareholder has declared beneficial ownership of an additional 5.3% of our common stock. This concentration
of ownership may allow our directors, acting in their role as substantial shareholders, to exert a major influence over the election
of their nominees as directors, especially if voting together with our officers and other significant shareholders. Our directors,
officers, and major shareholders could exercise similar influence over other corporate actions that require a shareholder vote,
including change in control transactions. 20 The trading volume in the corporation’s common stock
is less than that of other larger financial services companies. Although the Corporation’s common stock is listed for
trading on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange, the trading volume in its common stock is less than that of other, larger financial services
companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence
in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of the Corporation’s common stock at any given time. This presence depends
on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which the Corporation has no control.
Given the lower trading volume of the Corporation’s common stock, significant sales of the Corporation’s common stock,
or the expectation of these sales, could cause the Corporation’s stock price to fall. 