” included in this Form 10-K. 9 Acquisitions and Divestitures In November 2014, LifeCell entered into a license and technology transfer agreement with the GID Group. Under the agreement, we received an exclusive, world-wide, sublicensable, and royalty-free license to the Revolve technology. Revolve is a single-patient-use, high volume autologous fat processing system designed for surgeons interested in providing their patients with natural, volume enhancement solutions. In October 2014, LifeCell entered into an agreement with Novadaq® Technologies Inc. (“Novadaq”) to transfer all marketing and distribution rights to the SPY® Elite System from LifeCell to Novadaq, effective November 30, 2014. In connection with the transfer, the parties agreed to terminate various distribution agreements entered into between 2010 and 2011. The U.S. agreement for the core fields of plastic, general, and gastrointestinal surgeries was set to expire in November 2015. The termination agreement provided for a one-time payment of $4.5 million to LifeCell on November 30, 2014 and the repurchase of existing inventory. LifeCell has agreed to provide limited transition services to Novadaq. These historical results of operations of the disposal group are reported as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations. In January 2014, we acquired intellectual property for an advanced Adipose Tissue Injector ("ATI") for improved fat grating procedures from the TauTona Group, a medical device incubator based in Menlo Park, California. The ATI is a battery-powered, single-use tool that was built to deliver fat at a controlled rate, which reduces the complexity of performing injections and allows the surgeon to focus on placement. By managing the pressure and flow rates during injection, the ATI minimizes damage to the injected fat and efficiently delivers the tissue to the injection site. With the ATI, we are expanding our offering for reconstructive and cosmetic procedures utilizing fat grafting technology. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we closed the acquisition of Systagenix, an established provider of advanced wound therapeutics products. The adjusted purchase price paid, net of cash and cash equivalents, was $478.7 million. The purchase price was funded using $350.0 million of incremental borrowings under our existing senior secured credit facility along with cash on hand. The Systagenix portfolio of innovative wound care products comprises the majority of our advanced wound dressings business, discussed above. Systagenix, formerly part of Johnson & Johnson, generated annual revenue of approximately $205.5 million in 2013. Financial results of Systagenix are included within our consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to the acquisition date. Combining Systagenix's advanced wound dressings with our KCI wound care business and innovation pipeline will enable us to create additional value for customers by providing more complete solutions for patients and clinicians. In the fourth quarter of 2012, we acquired CelluTome, a technology designed for epidermal skin grafting with limited donor-site morbidity in the office or outpatient setting with minimal discomfort. This technology enables a consistent and reproducible harvest of autologous grafts of uniform thickness that are immediately applied to the wound bed. The technology’s value in skin grafting procedures makes it a strategic fit into our advanced wound therapeutics business. In the fourth quarter of 2012, we also completed the divestiture of our legacy KCI TSS business to Getinge AB. The TSS business was comprised of specialized therapeutic support systems, including hospital beds, mattress replacement systems, overlays and patient mobility devices. At the closing of the divestiture, Getinge paid approximately $247 million for the assets of the TSS business. At the time of the divestiture, we entered into a transition services agreement with Getinge pursuant to which we provided certain financial and information technology services through 2014. The historical results of operations of the disposal group, excluding the allocation of general corporate overhead, are reported as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of operations. Suppliers, Operations and Manufacturing We distribute our AWT products with direct service infrastructure in the U.S. as well as through third party logistics providers in the U.S. and other markets where we have direct operations. We primarily rely on independent distributors in many of our international markets who generally control the importation and marketing of our product within their territories. In the U.S., we primarily distribute our advanced wound dressings through independent distributors. The manufacture of our AWT devices and disposables is conducted at our manufacturing facilities in Athlone, Ireland, Peer, Belgium, and the manufacturing facilities of third-party contract manufacturers in Mexico. The manufacture of our AWT dressings is primarily conducted at our manufacturing facility in Gargrave, England. We plan to leverage our existing infrastructure and manufacturing capabilities to expand internal production for our AWT devices, disposables and dressings in the future. Our manufacturing processes for our AWT devices involve producing final assemblies in accordance with a master production plan. Assembly of our devices is accomplished using metal parts, plastics, electronics and other materials and component parts that are primarily purchased from outside suppliers. Our manufacturing processes and quality systems are intended to comply with 10 appropriate FDA and International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”) requirements. Component parts and materials are obtained from industrial distributors, original equipment manufacturers and contract manufacturers. The majority of parts and materials are readily available in the open market (steel, aluminum, plastics, fabrics, polymers, etc.) for which price volatility is relatively low. Some raw materials used in the manufacture of both our devices and disposables are procured from a single source and sole source suppliers As part of our normal business process, and in particular since the acquisition of Systagenix, we continue to develop and qualify second source suppliers where practical. Our Regenerative Medicine manufacturing operations are located at a single location in Branchburg, New Jersey, with primary warehousing and distribution being conducted at a separate location in the immediate vicinity of the manufacturing plant. Warehousing and distribution of products supporting our EMEA Regenerative Medicine business are conducted from a distribution center in the Netherlands. We maintain inventory of our tissue matrix products for direct sales, and we periodically ship product to our distributors, which they maintain in inventory until final sale. Our autologous fat grafting products are manufactured by a third-party supplier in the U.S. Our Regenerative Medicine business is dependent on the availability of sufficient quantities of raw materials, including donated human cadaveric tissue, porcine tissue and other materials required for tissue processing. Our xenograft tissue matrix products are made from porcine skin tissue. We have two qualified porcine tissue suppliers. Our primary porcine tissue source is supplied by three separate breeding herd farms that are isolated for biosecurity. Our allograft tissue matrix products are made from donated human dermal tissue. We obtain all of our donated human cadaveric tissue from multiple tissue banks and organ procurement organizations in the United States. These tissue banks and organ procurement organizations are subject to federal and state regulations. We require supplying tissue banks and organ procurement organizations to comply with the guidelines of, and be registered by, the FDA. The National Organ Transplant Act (“NOTA”) does not apply to xenograft tissue products; however, our materials and porcine tissue suppliers are subject to extensive regulatory requirements applicable to their operations, including oversight and regulation by the U.S. Department of Agriculture. Most of our critical raw materials have secondary sources of supply. Where they do not, materials and solutions inventories are adjusted to ensure business continuity in case of a supplier disruption, and we are currently in the process of identifying and validating secondary sources. Intellectual Property To protect our proprietary rights in our products, new developments, improvements and inventions, we rely on a combination of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights, and contractual restrictions on disclosure, copying and transfer of title, including confidentiality agreements with vendors, strategic partners, co-developers, employees, consultants and other third parties. We seek patent protection in the United States and abroad. Many of our products and services are offered under proprietary trademarks and service marks. We have patent rights relating to our existing and prospective products in the form of owned and licensed patents. Most of the patents in our patent portfolio have a term of 20 years from their date of priority. We hold more than 2,260 patents and have over 1,760 patent applications pending in the United States and in certain other countries that relate to aspects of the technology used in many of our products. We do not consider our business to be materially dependent upon any individual patent. For additional information see “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and Note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 . 11 Research, Development and Clinical Sciences Our research and development efforts include the development of new and synergistic technologies across the continuum of wound care, including tissue regeneration, preservation and repair, and new applications of negative pressure technology and advanced wound dressings. Our research and development program is also leveraging our core understanding of biological tissues in order to develop biosurgery products in our Regenerative Medicine business. We continue to focus our efforts in developing new cost-effective products and technologies that result in superior clinical outcomes. One of our primary focuses for innovation is to gain greater insights into areas of high clinical need, where we can bring new product solutions with novel technologies to help clinicians address these problems. In addition, we strive to improve the value proposition of our products by increasing their clinical and economic benefits and by improving their ease of use. Expenditures for research and development, including clinical trials, in each of the periods below, were as follows (dollars in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2014 2013 2012 Research and development expenses $ 69,321 $ 75,577 $ 71,712 Working Capital Management We maintain inventory parts, supplies and finished goods to support customer needs in our service centers, manufacturing facilities and distribution warehouses. Our payment terms with health care facilities and third-party payers, including Medicare and private insurance are consistent with industry standards. A portion of our receivables relate to unbilled revenues arising in the normal course of business. A portion of our revenues remain unbilled for a period of time due to monthly billing cycles requested by our customers or due to our internal paperwork processing and compliance procedures regarding billing third-party payers. Government Regulation and Other Considerations Our products are subject to regulation by numerous domestic and foreign government agencies, including the United States Food and Drug Administration (‘‘FDA’’), and various laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of our products. We are also governed by federal, state, local and international laws of general applicability, such as those regulating employee health and safety and the protection of the environment. Overall, the scope and extent of domestic and foreign laws and regulations applicable to our business is increasing. United States Regulation of Medical Devices All of our medical devices sold in the United States are subject to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act as implemented and enforced by the FDA. The FDA and, in some cases, other government agencies administer requirements covering the design, development, testing, safety, effectiveness, manufacturing, labeling, promotion, advertising, distribution and post-market surveillance of our products. Unless an exemption applies, each medical device that we market must first receive either premarket notification clearance (by filing a 510(k) submission) or premarket approval (by filing a premarket approval application (“PMA”)) from the FDA. In addition, certain modifications made to marketed devices also may require 510(k) clearance or approval of a PMA supplement. The process of obtaining FDA clearance or approval of a medical device can be lengthy and costly. The FDA’s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to 12 months, but it can take longer. The process of obtaining PMA approval is much more costly, lengthy, and uncertain, and is generally preceded by the conduct of a well-controlled clinical study. The PMA review and approval process generally takes from one to three years, but it can take longer. In addition to regulations governing 510(k) and PMA submissions, we are subject to regulations governing the conduct of clinical investigations; device listing and establishment registration; the manufacture and control of our devices, as set forth in the Quality System Regulation (“QSR”); labeling; and promotion; reporting of adverse events and device malfunctions; post-approval restrictions or conditions, including post-approval study commitments; post-market surveillance requirements; and reporting requirements for product recalls, or corrections or removals in the field. Our manufacturing facilities, as well as those of certain of our suppliers, are subject to periodic and for-cause inspections by the FDA and other governmental authorities to verify compliance with the QSR and other regulatory requirements. United States Regulation of Human Tissue Products All of our human tissue products are subject to FDA regulatory requirements for human cells, tissues and cellular and tissue-based products (“HCT/Ps”). Certain HCT/Ps are regulated solely under Section 361 of the Public Health Service Act and 12 are referred to as “Section 361 HCT/Ps,” while other HCT/Ps are subject to the FDA’s regulatory requirements for medical devices and/or biologics. A product that is regulated as a Section 361 HCT/P generally may be commercially distributed without prior FDA clearance or approval. However, all HCT/Ps, including Section 361 HCT/Ps, must comply with the FDA’s regulations for donor screening and Good Tissue Practices (“GTPs”), as described further below. We believe that allograft products, AlloDerm, Cymetra®, GRAFTJACKET and Repliform®, satisfy the FDA requirements for regulation solely as Section 361 HCT/Ps and, therefore, are not subject to FDA’s requirements for medical devices and biologics and do not require FDA clearance or approval prior to commercial distribution. The FDA has established regulations for HCT/Ps (including Section 361 HCT/Ps) that require tissue donors to be screened and tested for relevant communicable diseases and require manufacturers of HCT/Ps to follow GTPs in their recovery, processing, storage, labeling, packaging and distribution of HCT/Ps to prevent the introduction, transmission or spread of communicable diseases. The FDA regulations for HCT/Ps also require us to report adverse reactions and deviations from donor screening and other applicable requirements. Product listing and establishment registration requirements also apply to our HCT/Ps. The facilities we use to process our HCT/Ps are subject to periodic and for-cause inspections by the FDA and other governmental authorities to verify compliance with GTPs and these other regulatory requirements. In addition to the FDA regulations applicable to our products, procurement of certain human organs and tissue is subject to other federal requirements, such as NOTA. A few but increasing number of states, including Florida, California, Oklahoma, Illinois, New York and Maryland, impose their own regulatory requirements on establishments involved in the processing, handling, storage and distribution of human tissue. LifeCell is also accredited by the American Association of Tissue Banks (“AATB”) and voluntarily complies with its guidelines. Other Regulatory Requirements We are also subject to additional laws and regulations that govern our business operations, products and technologies, including: • federal, state and foreign anti-kickback laws and regulations, which generally prohibit payments to physicians or other purchasers of medical products as an inducement to purchase or prescribe a product; • the Stark law, which prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to a provider that bills these programs for the provision of certain designated health services if the physician (or a member of the physician’s immediate family) has a financial relationship with that provider; • federal and state laws and regulations that protect the confidentiality of certain patient health information, including patient records, and restrict the use and disclosure of such information, in particular, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act; • the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires public disclosure of the financial relationships of United States physicians and teaching hospitals with applicable manufacturers, including medical device and biologics companies; • the False Claims Act, which prohibits the submission of false or otherwise improper claims for payment to a federally funded health care program, and health care fraud statutes that prohibit false statements and improper claims to any third-party payer; and • the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which can be used to prosecute companies in the United States for certain improper arrangements with foreign government officials or other parties outside the United States. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal liability, significant fines or penalties, negative publicity and substantial costs and expenses associated with investigation and enforcement activities. To assist in our compliance efforts, we adhere to many codes of ethics and conduct regarding our sales and marketing activities in the United States and other countries in which we operate. In addition, we have in place a dedicated Chief Compliance Officer and compliance team to implement, monitor and improve our internal business compliance programs and policies. International Regulation Internationally, the regulation of medical devices is complex. These laws range from comprehensive device approval requirements for some or all of our products to requests for product data or certifications. Inspection of and controls over manufacturing, as well as monitoring of device-related adverse events, also are components of most of these regulatory systems. Most of our business is subject to varying degrees of governmental regulation in the countries in which we operate, and the general trend is toward increasingly stringent regulation. For example, the European Commission (“EC”) has harmonized national regulations for the control of medical devices through European Medical Device Directives with which manufacturers must comply. 13 Under these regulations, manufacturing plants must have received quality system certification from a “Notified Body” in order to sell products within the member states of the European Union. Medical devices deemed to be in the high risk classification, such as Strattice, further undergo a distinct design review by the Notified Body. Certification allows manufacturers to affix a “CE” mark to the products. Products covered by the EC regulations that do not bear the CE mark may not be sold or distributed within the European Union. Although the more variable national requirements under which medical devices were formerly regulated have been substantially replaced by the European Union Medical Devices Directive, individual nations can still impose unique requirements that may require supplemental submissions. To be sold in Japan, most medical devices must undergo thorough safety examinations and demonstrate medical efficacy before they are granted approval through a pre-market approval application, or “shonin.” The Japanese government, through the Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare (“MHLW”), regulates medical devices under the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law (“PAL”). Oversight for medical devices is conducted through the Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Agency (“PMDA”), a government organization responsible for scientific review of market authorization applications, and inspection and auditing of manufacturers to ensure compliance with clinical, laboratory, and manufacturing practice requirements. Penalties for a company’s noncompliance with PAL could be severe, including revocation or suspension of a company’s business license and criminal sanctions. We are subject to inspection for compliance by the MHLW and the PMDA. The regulation of our human tissue products outside the United States varies by country and is complex and constantly evolving. A limited amount of our human tissue products is currently distributed in several countries internationally. Certain countries where we do not currently sell our human tissue products regulate human tissue products as pharmaceutical products, which would require us to make extensive filings and obtain regulatory approvals before selling our product in such countries. Certain countries classify our products as human tissue for transplantation but may restrict their import or sale. Certain foreign countries have laws similar to NOTA. These laws may restrict the amount that we can charge for our products and may restrict our ability to export or distribute our products to licensed not-for-profit organizations in those countries. Other countries have no applicable regulations regarding the import or sale of human tissue products similar to our products, creating uncertainty as to what standards we may be required to meet. In many of the other foreign countries in which we market our products, we may be subject to requirements affecting, among other things: • product standards and specifications; • packaging; • labeling; • quality systems; • imports; • tariffs; • duties; and • taxes. Many of the requirements applicable to our devices and products in these countries are similar to those of the FDA. In some regions, the level of government regulation of medical devices is increasing, which can lengthen time to market and increase registration and approval costs. In many countries, the national health or social security organizations require the Company’s products to be qualified before they can be marketed and considered eligible for reimbursement. Health Care Initiatives and Reimbursement Government and private sector initiatives to control the increasing cost of health care, including price regulation and competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, comparative and cost-effectiveness analyses, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements, are continuing in many geographies where we do business, including the United States, Europe and Japan. As a result of these changes, the marketplace has placed increased emphasis on the delivery of more cost-effective medical therapies. For example, government programs, private health care insurance and managed-care plans have attempted to control costs by limiting the amount of reimbursement they will pay for procedures or treatments, and some third-party payers require their pre-approval before medical devices or therapies are utilized by patients. These various initiatives have created increased price sensitivity over medical products generally and may impact demand for our products. A substantial portion of advanced wound therapeutic and regenerative medicine product placements are subject to reimbursement coverage criteria from various public and private third-party payers, including government-funded programs, and other publicly funded health plans in foreign jurisdictions. As a result, the demand and payment for our products are dependent, in part, on the reimbursement policies of these payers. Payment by government entities for our products in the United States is subject to regulation by the Centers for Medicare 14 and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) and comparable state agencies responsible for reimbursement and regulation of health care items and services. Reimbursement fee schedules regulate the amount the United States government will reimburse hospitals, providers and suppliers for the care of persons covered by Medicare. This includes in some instances determining whether specific technologies, and their correlating procedures, are covered, and if so, what the payment rate may be. Changes in current reimbursement levels could have an adverse effect on market demand and our pricing flexibility. In the U.S. home care market, our NPWT products are subject to Medicare Part B reimbursement and many U.S. commercial insurers have adopted coverage criteria similar to Medicare standards. For the year ended December 31, 2014 , U.S. Medicare placements of our NPWT products represented approximately 6.5% of our total revenue. We maintain CMS deemed accreditation in the U.S. through the Accreditation Commission for Health Care (“ACHC”). Our U.S. Service Centers are subject to numerous unannounced federal and state reimbursement and licensing agency inspections, in addition to the tri-annual ACHC reaccreditation survey visits. From time to time, CMS periodically initiates payment schedule changes and bidding programs that affect our home care NPWT business. Our revenue from U.S. Medicare placements of NPWT products is now subject to Medicare’s durable medical equipment competitive bidding program. On January 30, 2013, as part of this competitive bidding program, CMS announced new reimbursement rates for Medicare patients in the home, which became effective July 1, 2013. This program resulted in an average reimbursement decline of 41% for NPWT across the 91 major metropolitan areas. These 91 areas represent approximately 45% of our U.S. Medicare Part B business. Reimbursement for the NPWT business has also been impacted by the competitive bidding program in an additional 9 areas as of January 1, 2014, with a similar reimbursement decline of 42%. These 9 areas represent an additional 10% of our U.S. Medicare Part B business. The areas impacted by competitive bidding will be re-bid at the expiration of the current 3-year Medicare contracts, with new rates going into effect July 1, 2016 for the initial 91 MSAs, and January 1, 2017 for the subsequent 9 MSAs. Additionally, all non-bid areas, representing 45% of our U.S. Medicare Part B business, will be subject to reimbursement decreases equivalent to regional averages of the competitive bidding rates beginning January 1, 2016. The new rates will be phased in beginning January 1, 2016 and fully in effect by July 1, 2016. Additionally, sequestration cuts of 2% were implemented to all Medicare Part A and B fee-for-service payments, including items under Medicare competitive bidding contracts that began on April 1, 2013. CMS applies the 2% reduction to all claims after determining patient coinsurance and any other applicable deductible and Medicare secondary payment adjustments. The sequestration cut is in place until 2024 unless Congress acts. We also are subject to routine pre-payment and post-payment audits of durable medical equipment (“DME”) claims submitted to Medicare Part B. These audits typically involve a complex medical review, by Medicare or its designated contractors and representatives, of documentation supporting the therapy provided by us. While Medicare requires us to obtain a comprehensive physician order prior to providing products and services, we are not required to obtain the written medical record in advance of therapy as long as the underlying medical records reported to us support the coverage criteria and medical necessity information included in such claim. Following a Medicare request for supporting documentation, we are obligated to procure and submit the underlying medical records retained by various clinical providers, medical facilities and prescribers. Obtaining these medical records in connection with a claims audit may be challenging and, in any event, all of these records are subject to further examination, interpretation and dispute by an auditing authority. Under standard Medicare procedures, we are entitled to demonstrate the sufficiency of documentation and the establishment of medical necessity, and we have the right to appeal any adverse determinations. If a determination is made that our records or the patients’ medical records are insufficient to meet medical necessity or Medicare reimbursement requirements for the claims, we could be subject to denial or overpayment demands for claims submitted for Medicare reimbursement. In the rare event that an audit results in major discrepancies of claims records which lacked proof of medical necessity, Medicare may be entitled to take additional corrective measures, including: extrapolation of the results of the audit across a wider population of claims, submitting recoupment demands for claims other than those examined in the audit, or placing the organization on a full prepayment review. These audits have increased over the last two years from being negligible to approximately 10% of our claims. While eventually receiving payment on a high percent of the claims subject to these audits, payment timeliness may range from a few months up to a year resulting in increasing Medicare accounts receivable balances. Health care cost containment efforts have also prompted domestic hospitals and other customers of medical device manufacturers to consolidate into larger purchasing groups to enhance purchasing power, and this trend is expected to continue. The medical device industry has also experienced some consolidation, partly in order to offer a broader range of products to large purchasers. As a result, transactions with customers are larger, more complex and tend to involve more long-term contracts than in the past. These larger customers, due to their enhanced purchasing power, may attempt to increase the pressure on product pricing. Foreign governments also impose regulations in connection with their health care reimbursement programs and the delivery of health care items and services. We are continuing our efforts to obtain expanded reimbursement for our products and related disposables in foreign jurisdictions. These efforts have resulted in varying levels of reimbursement for our products from 15 private and public payers in multiple jurisdictions, primarily in the acute care setting. Generally, our NPWT products are covered and reimbursed in the inpatient hospital setting and to some extent, depending on the country, in post-acute or community-based care settings (Austria, Switzerland and some regions in Italy). However, in certain countries, such as Germany, the U.K., France and Spain, post-acute care coverage and reimbursement are largely provided on a case-by-case basis and multiple efforts are underway with certain countries to secure consistent coverage and reimbursement policies in community-based outpatient care settings. In targeted countries, we are utilizing accepted “coverage with evidence” mechanisms in close cooperation with local clinicians and clinical centers, government health ministry officials and, in some cases, private payers to obtain the necessary evidence to support adequate coverage and reimbursement. Overall, the prospects of achieving broader global coverage and reimbursement for our products in both acute and post-acute settings are dependent upon the controls applied by governments and private payers with regard to rising healthcare costs. We believe that our plans to achieve positive coverage and reimbursement decisions for our products outside the United States are supported by the growing requirements to provide supporting clinical and economic evidence. Health Care Reform In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act were enacted into law in the United States, which included a number of provisions aimed at improving the quality and decreasing the costs of healthcare. Under the legislation, it is expected that expanded healthcare coverage will be made available to an additional 30 million Americans. The increased costs to the U.S. government are expected to be funded through a combination of payment reductions for providers over time and several new taxes. The legislation imposed, among other things, an excise tax of 2.3% of any entity that manufactures or imports medical devices offered for sale in the United States beginning in 2013. We are subject to this excise tax on our sales of certain medical devices we manufacture, produce or import. In fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we paid approximately $14.1 million and $13.5 million , respectively, related to the medical device tax. The legislation also provides for the establishment of an Independent Payment Advisory Board that could recommend changes in Medicare payment under certain circumstances beginning in 2014. In addition, the legislation authorizes certain voluntary demonstration projects around development of bundling payments for acute, inpatient hospital services, physician services, and post acute services for episodes of hospital care and also increases fraud and abuse penalties and expands the scope and reach of the Federal False Claims Act and government enforcement tools, which may adversely impact healthcare companies. The new law or any future legislation could reduce medical procedure volumes, lower reimbursement for our products, and impact the demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products. Availability of Securities and Exchange Commission Filings Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended, are available free of charge on our website at www.acelity.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish such information to the SEC. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference to this report. 16 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Risks Related to Our Business We face significant and increasing competition , which could adversely affect our operating results. We face significant and increasing competition in each of our businesses, which are characterized by rapid technological change and significant price competition. Market share can shift as a result of technological innovation and other business factors. Our customers consider many factors when selecting a product, including product reliability, clinical outcomes, product availability, price and services provided by the manufacturer. Our ability to compete will depend in large part on our ability to develop and acquire new products and technologies as well as to anticipate technology advances. Product introductions or enhancements by competitors which have advanced technology, better features or lower pricing may make our products obsolete or less competitive. As a result, we will be required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to bring our products under development to market, expand our geographic reach, enhance our existing products and develop new products for the advanced wound therapeutics and regenerative medicine markets. In addition, we have seen increasing price competition as more competitors have entered the market and customers are being challenged by declining reimbursement rates. Consolidation trends in the healthcare industry may also introduce new competitors or provide existing competitors with an enhanced ability to compete against our products. We expect competition to increase over time as competitors introduce additional competing products in the advanced wound therapeutics and regenerative medicine markets and continue expanding into geographic markets where we currently operate. Our failure to compete effectively could result in loss of market share to our competitors and have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, physician advisories and safety alerts, reflecting the importance of product quality in the medical device industry. We are subject to stringent domestic and foreign medical device and human tissue regulation and any adverse regulatory action may materially adversely affect our financial condition and business operations. The development, manufacture, sale, and distribution of our products are subject to extensive and rigorous regulation by numerous government agencies, including the FDA and comparable foreign agencies. To varying degrees, each of these agencies monitors and enforces compliance with laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of our medical devices and tissue matrices. We cannot be certain that we will receive required approval or clearance from the FDA and foreign regulatory agencies for new products or modifications to existing products on a timely basis, or at all. The process of obtaining marketing approval or clearance from the FDA and comparable foreign bodies for new products, or for enhancements or modifications to existing products, could: • take a significant amount of time; • require the expenditure of substantial resources; • involve rigorous pre-clinical and clinical testing, as well as increased post-market surveillance; • involve modifications, repairs or replacements of our products; and • result in limitations on the indicated uses of our products. The failure to receive approval or clearance for significant new products or modifications to existing products or any substantial delay in obtaining any required approval or clearance could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. The FDA also could disagree with our conclusion that certain Regenerative Medicine products are Section 361 HCT/Ps not subject to FDA premarket clearance or approval requirements. If the FDA were to determine that any of these products required premarket clearance or approval as devices or biologics, this could disrupt our existing marketing of these products and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Noncompliance with federal or state requirements relating to procurement of certain human organs and tissue also could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We also are subject to FDA regulations governing the manufacture and control of our products, product labeling and advertising, reporting of adverse events, and reporting of recalls. Compliance with these and other applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the FDA. If the FDA were to find that we have failed to comply with any of these requirements, it could institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, 17 ranging from a public warning letter to more severe sanctions, such as product recalls or seizures, monetary penalties, consent decrees, injunctive actions to halt the manufacture or distribution of products, or other civil or criminal penalties. Civil or criminal penalties could be assessed against our officers, employees, or us. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively manufacturing, marketing and selling our products. In addition, any negative publicity and product liability claims resulting from any adverse regulatory action could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, device manufacturers are permitted to promote products solely for the uses and indications set forth in the approved product labeling. A number of enforcement actions have been taken against manufacturers that promote products for “off-label” uses, including actions alleging that federal health care program reimbursement of products promoted for “off-label” uses are false and that fraudulent claims are made to the government. The failure to comply with “off-label” promotion restrictions can result in significant financial penalties and in a corporate integrity agreement with the federal government that imposes significant administrative obligations and costs, and potential exclusion from federal health care programs. Foreign governmental regulations have become increasingly stringent and more common, and we may become subject to even more rigorous regulation by foreign governmental authorities in the future. Penalties for a company’s noncompliance with foreign governmental regulation could be severe, including revocation or suspension of a company’s business license and criminal sanctions. Any domestic or foreign governmental medical device law or regulation imposed in the future may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and business operations. If we are unable to develop new generations of products and enhancements to existing products , our competitive position may be harmed. Our success is dependent upon the successful development, introduction and commercialization of new generations of products and enhancements to existing products. Innovation in developing new product lines and in developing enhancements to our existing products is required for us to grow and compete effectively. The success and completion of development of any new products remains subject to all the risks associated with the commercialization of new products based on innovative technologies, including unanticipated technical or manufacturing problems, extended lead times in obtaining required regulatory and reimbursement approval of new products, the possibility of significantly higher development costs than anticipated, our ability to anticipate and satisfy customer needs in a timely manner with relevant technology, and gaining customer acceptance. Innovation through enhancements and new products requires significant capital commitments and investments on our part, which we may be unable to recover. Our failure to introduce new and innovative products in a timely manner could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our current and future products are subject to regulation by the FDA and other national, federal and state governmental authorities. We may be required to undertake time-consuming and costly development and clinical activities and seek regulatory clearance or approval for expanded clinical applications for current products and new products. Clearance and/or approval might not be granted for a new or modified product or expanded uses of existing products on a timely basis, if at all. Any substantial increase in applicable regulatory or administrative requirements that are imposed on us could potentially delay our development and commercialization of new medical device products. Also, our determination that our allograft products are eligible for regulation as human cellular and tissue-based product is limited to their current intended uses. In the future, we may wish to market our allograft products for new intended uses, which may require premarket clearance or approval under FDA medical device or biologic regulations, and which could be time consuming and costly. Our failure to maintain clearances or approvals for existing products or to obtain clearance or approval for new or modified products could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Even if we are able to develop, manufacture and obtain regulatory approvals and clearances for our new products, the success of those products depends on market acceptance, which could be affected by several factors, including (i) the availability of alternative products from our competitors; (ii) the price and reliability of our products relative to that of our competitors; (iii) the reimbursement provided for our products; (iv) the timing of our market entry; and (v) our ability to market and distribute our products effectively. The adoption of healthcare reform in the U.S. may adversely affect our business and financial results. As part of the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, we are now subject to an excise tax of 2.3% on our sales of certain medical devices we manufacture, produce or import. In fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we paid approximately $14.1 million and $13.5 million , respectively, related to the 18 medical device tax. In addition, the legislation authorizes certain voluntary demonstration projects around development of bundling payments for acute, inpatient hospital services, physician services, and post acute services for episodes of hospital care and also increases fraud and abuse penalties and expands the scope and reach of the Federal Civil False Claims Act and government enforcement tools, which may adversely impact healthcare companies. The new law or any future legislation could reduce medical procedure volumes, lower reimbursement for our products, and impact the demand for our products or the prices at which we sell our products. We cannot predict with any certainty what other impact this legislation may have on our business. Legislative or administrative reforms to the U.S. or international reimbursement systems that significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our products and therapies or deny coverage for such procedures, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of such systems in coverage or reimbursement issues, could result in reduced demand for our products and increased downward pricing pressure, which could adversely affect our business. While this legislation is intended to expand health insurance coverage to uninsured persons in the United States, the impact of any overall increase in access to healthcare on sales of our products remains uncertain. It is also possible that this legislation will result in lower reimbursements for our products. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. Insurers may also refuse to provide any coverage of uses of approved products for medical indications other than those for which the FDA has granted market approvals, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Cost-containment efforts of our customers, purchasing groups, third-party payers and governmental organizations could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Many existing and potential customers for our products within the United States are members of GPOs and integrated delivery networks (“IDNs”), including accountable care organizations, and our business is partly dependent on major contracts with these organizations. Our products can be contracted under national tenders or with larger hospital GPOs. The healthcare industry has been consolidating, and as a result, transactions with customers are larger and more complex. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with healthcare product manufacturers and distributors and offer the negotiated prices to affiliated hospitals and other members. GPOs and IDNs typically award contracts on a category-by-category basis through a competitive bidding process. The majority of our AWT hospital sales and rentals in the United States are made pursuant to contracts with GPOs and IDNs. At any given time, we are typically at various stages of responding to bids and negotiating and renewing GPO and IDN agreements; including, agreements that would otherwise expire. Bids are generally solicited from multiple manufacturers or service providers with the intention of obtaining lower pricing. Due to the highly competitive nature of the bidding process and the GPO and IDN contracting processes in the United States, we may not be able to obtain or maintain contract positions with major GPOs and IDNs across our product portfolio. Failure to be included in certain of these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, including sales and rental revenues. While having a contract with a major purchaser, such as a GPO, IDN or public-based purchasing organization for a given product category can facilitate sales, such contract positions can offer no assurance that sales volumes of those products will be maintained. For example, GPOs and IDNs are increasingly awarding contracts to multiple suppliers for the same product category. Even when we are the sole contracted supplier of a GPO or IDN for a certain product category, members of the GPO or IDN generally are free to purchase from other suppliers. Furthermore, GPO and IDN contracts typically are terminable without cause upon 60 to 90 days’ notice. Accordingly, although we have multiple contracts with many major purchasing organizations, the members of such groups may choose to not purchase from us, and the contracts themselves are subject to termination on short notice. Outside the United States, we have experienced pricing pressure from centralized governmental healthcare authorities due to efforts by such authorities to lower healthcare costs. Implementation of healthcare reforms and competitive bidding contract tenders may limit the price or the level at which reimbursement is provided for our products and adversely affect both our pricing flexibility and the demand for our products. Healthcare providers may respond to such cost-containment pressures by substituting lower cost products or other therapies for our products. We frequently are required to engage in competitive bidding for the sale of our products to governmental purchasing agents and hospital groups. Our failure to offer acceptable prices to these customers could adversely affect our sales and profitability in these markets. Distributors of our products also have begun to negotiate terms of sale more aggressively to increase their profitability. Failure to negotiate distribution arrangements having advantageous pricing and other terms of sale could cause us to lose market share and would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 19 Changes in U.S. and international reimbursement regulations , policies and rules , or their interpretation , could reduce reimbursement and collections or adversely affect the demand for our products and negatively impact our global expansion efforts. The demand for our products is highly dependent on the regulations, policies and rules of third-party payers in the United States and internationally, including the U.S. Medicare and Medicaid programs, as well as private insurance and managed care organizations that reimburse us for the sale and rental of our products. If coverage or payment regulations, policies or rules of existing third-party payers are revised in any material way in light of increased efforts to control healthcare spending or otherwise, the amount we may be reimbursed or the demand for our products may decrease, or the costs of furnishing or renting our products could increase. Due to the increased scrutiny and publicity of government efforts to contain rising healthcare costs, we may be subject to future assessments or studies by U.S. and foreign healthcare, safety and reimbursement agencies, which could lead to changes in reimbursement policies that adversely affect our business. Any unfavorable results from assessments or studies could result in reduced reimbursement or prevent us from obtaining reimbursement from third-party payers and could reduce the demand or acceptance of our products and therapies. If we are unable to obtain expanded reimbursement for our products in foreign jurisdictions, our international expansion plans could be delayed and our plans for growth could be negatively impacted. In the United States, the reimbursement of our products by Medicare is subject to review by government contractors that administer payments under federal healthcare programs. For the year ended December 31, 2014 , U.S. Medicare placements of our NPWT products represented approximately 6.5% of our total revenue. Changes to Medicare policies, including the launch and expansion of the competitive bidding program, can have a significant impact on our business. These changes can also include revisions in the interpretation or application of Medicare contractor coverage policies or adverse administrative coverage determinations. Such changes can lead to denials of our claims for payment and/or requests to recoup alleged overpayments made to us for our products. Such determinations and changes can often be challenged only through an administrative appeals process. In the event that our interpretations of coverage policies in effect at any given time are inconsistent with administrative coverage determinations, we could be subject to recoupment or refund of all or a portion of any disputed amounts as well as penalties, which could exceed our related revenue realization reserves, and could negatively impact our revenue from Medicare placements in the United States. We are participating in Medicare’s durable medical equipment competitive bidding program, which resulted in substantial reimbursement declines in 100 major metropolitan areas. Any expansion of the competitive bidding program or further price reductions could have an adverse impact on our financial results. For more information on the competitive bidding program, see “Item 1: Business.” We are also subject to claims audits by government regulators, contractors and private payers. Our documentation, billing and other practices are subject to scrutiny by regulators, including claims audits. To ensure compliance with U.S. reimbursement regulations, the Medicare regional contractors and other government contractors periodically conduct audits of billing practices and request medical records and other documents to support claims submitted by us for payment of services rendered to our customers, which in some cases involve a review of claims that can be several years old. Such audits may also be initiated as a result of recommendations made by government agencies. Our agreements with private payers also commonly provide that payers may conduct claims audits to ensure that our billing practices comply with their policies. These audits can result in delays in obtaining reimbursement, denials of claims, or demands for significant refunds or recoupments of amounts previously paid to us. For more information on claims audits, see Note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 . If we are unsuccessful in protecting and maintaining our intellectual property , our competitive position could be harmed. We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Patents and our other proprietary rights are essential to our business, and our ability to compete effectively with other companies is dependent upon the proprietary nature of our technologies. We seek to protect these, in part, through confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, and other third parties. We pursue a policy of generally obtaining patent protection in both the United States and key foreign countries for patentable subject matter in our proprietary devices and also attempt to review third-party patents and patent applications to the extent publicly available to develop an effective patent strategy, avoid infringement of third-party patents, identify licensing opportunities and monitor the patent claims of others. We currently own numerous United States and foreign patents and have numerous patent applications pending. We are also a party to various license agreements pursuant to which patent rights have been obtained or granted in consideration for cash, cross-licensing rights or royalty payments. 20 Our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot be sure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors, that these patents will remain valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications, or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our confidential information or trade secrets. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the United States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. Competitors also may harm our sales by designing products that mirror the capabilities of our products or technology without infringing our intellectual property rights. If we do not obtain sufficient protection for our intellectual property, or if we are unable to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitiveness could be impaired, which would limit our growth and future revenue and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Pending and future patent litigation could be costly and disruptive and may have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results operations. We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Defending intellectual property litigation is expensive and complex and outcomes are difficult to predict. We are currently party to several intellectual property litigation disputes described in more detail in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and Note 12 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 . Any pending or future patent litigation may result in significant damage awards, including treble damages under certain circumstances, and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or force us to make significant royalty payments in order to continue selling the affected products. At any given time, we are involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. As a healthcare supplier, we can expect to face additional claims of patent infringement in the future. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may not successfully identify and complete acquisitions on favorable terms or achieve anticipated synergies relating to any acquisitions , and such acquisitions could result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures , require significant management resources and require significant charges or write-downs. We regularly review potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services and products. We may be unable to find suitable acquisition candidates to expand our business. Even if we identify appropriate acquisition candidates, we may be unable to complete the acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. Future acquisitions may increase our debt or reduce our cash available for operations or other uses. In addition, the process of integrating an acquired business, technology, service or product into our existing operations requires significant efforts, including the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, manufacturing and finance. These efforts could result in unforeseen difficulties and expenditures. Integration of an acquired company often requires significant expenditures as well as significant management resources that cannot then be dedicated to other projects. In addition, we may face additional risks related to unknown or contingent liabilities related to business practices of the acquired companies, environmental remediation expense, products liability, patent infringement claims or other unknown liabilities. Moreover, we may not realize the anticipated financial or other benefits of an acquisition, including our ability to achieve cost savings or revenue synergies. Our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the combined company could also have an adverse impact on our business. In addition, we cannot be certain that the businesses we acquire will become profitable or remain so. We also could experience negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset impairment charges, and other issues that could arise in connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of an acquired company or business. For example, in 2013 we recognized impairment charges of $443.4 million related to impairment of LifeCell goodwill and intangible assets, which KCI acquired in 2008. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. See Note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 for a discussion of our recent acquisitions. We may not realize the expected benefits from our restructuring initiatives and continuous improvement efforts, and they may result in unintended adverse impacts to our business. Over the last three years, we have undertaken several restructuring and realignment initiatives to reduce our overall cost base and improve efficiency. We have recently announced a business realignment plan to combine our business units into one centrally managed operating company as well as to unify certain support functions. The actions initiated under our business 21 realignment plans include outsourcing of certain service and support functions, workforce reductions, and other efforts to streamline our business. While these changes are part of a comprehensive plan to, among other things, accelerate our growth, reduce costs and leverage economies of scale, we may not realize the expected benefits of our restructuring initiatives and continuous improvement efforts. In addition, these actions and potential future restructuring actions could yield unintended consequences, such as distraction of management and employees, business disruption, reduced employee morale and productivity and unexpected additional employee attrition, including the inability to attract or retain key personnel. These consequences could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we do not successfully manage our current restructuring activities, or any other restructuring activities that we may take in the future, any expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. In addition, the costs associated with implementing restructuring activities might exceed expectations, which could result in additional future charges. Divestitures of some of our businesses or product lines may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In regularly evaluating the performance of our businesses, we may decide to sell a business or product line. Even if we identify a divestiture opportunity, we may be unable to complete the divestiture on favorable terms, if at all. Any divestitures may result in significant charge-offs or write-downs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The process of divesting ourselves of a business or product line could result in unforeseen expenditures and risks, including dissynergies in shared functions, as well as complexities in separating operations, services, products and personnel. Divestitures often require the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns and the disruption of our business, and could result in potential loss of key employees. We may not be able to successfully manage these or other significant risks related to divesting a business or product line. See Note 2 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 for a discussion of the recent divestiture of the SPY® Elite System business and the 2012 divestiture of the TSS business. Our failure to comply with program integrity laws may subject us to penalties and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Participation in federal healthcare programs requires us to comply with laws regarding the way in which we conduct business, as well as the way in which we submit claims. These laws include the False Claims Act, which attaches per-claim liability and treble damages to the filing of false or improper claims for federal payment. Since 2009, we have been party to litigation arising out of qui tam allegations of violations of the False Claims Act. For more information regarding this litigation, see “Item 3. Legal Proceedings.” There are also laws that attach criminal liability to unlawful inducements for the referral of business reimbursable under federally funded healthcare programs, known as the anti-kickback laws, and those that attach repayment and monetary damages to instances where healthcare service providers seek reimbursement for providing certain services to a patient who was referred by a physician that has certain types of direct or indirect financial relationships with the service provider, known as the Stark law. Additionally, we are subject to the Sunshine Act, which requires that we annually disclose to CMS all transfers of value (subject to limited exclusions) to certain physicians and teaching hospitals, as such terms are defined in statute and regulation. Failure to accurately disclose these transfers could subject us to certain monetary penalties. The laws applicable to us are subject to evolving interpretations. If a governmental authority were to conclude that we are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we and our officers and employees could be subject to severe criminal and civil penalties, including, for example, exclusion from participation as a supplier of product to beneficiaries covered by Medicare and Medicaid. Furthermore, since many of our customers rely on reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental programs to cover a substantial portion of their expenditures, our exclusion from such programs as a result of a violation of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. To avoid such penalties, we operate consistent with the AdvaMed Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals which provides guidance on marketing and other practices in our relationships with healthcare professionals and/or product purchasers. We also adhere to many similar codes in countries outside the United States. In addition, we have in place and are continuously improving our internal business integrity and compliance program and policies. Failure of any of our clinical studies or third-party assessments to demonstrate desired outcomes in proposed endpoints may reduce physician usage or result in pricing pressures that could have a negative impact on business performance. We regularly conduct clinical studies designed to test a variety of endpoints associated with product performance and use across a number of applications. If, as a result of poor design, implementation or otherwise, a clinical study conducted by us or others fails to demonstrate statistically significant results supporting performance or use benefits or comparative or cost effectiveness 22 of our products, physicians may elect not to use our products as a treatment for conditions that may benefit from them. Furthermore, in the event of an adverse clinical study outcome, our products may not achieve “standard-of-care” designations, where they exist, for the conditions in question, which could deter the adoption of our products. Also, if serious device-related adverse events are reported during the conduct of a study it could affect continuation of the study, product approval and product adoption. If we are unable to develop a body of statistically significant evidence from our clinical study program, whether due to adverse results or the inability to complete properly designed studies, domestic and international public and private payers could refuse to cover our products, limit the manner in which they cover our products, or reduce the price they are willing to pay or reimburse for our products. In the case of a pre-approval study or a study required by a regulatory body as a condition of clearance or approval, a regulatory body can revoke, modify or deny clearance or approval of the study and/or the product in question. Because we depend upon a limited group of suppliers and , in some cases , exclusive suppliers for products essential to our business , we may incur significant product development costs and experience material delivery delays if we lose any significant supplier , which could materially impact the rental and sales of our products. We obtain some of our finished products and components from a limited group of suppliers, and we purchase certain supplies from single sources for reasons of quality assurance, cost-effectiveness, availability, or constraints resulting from regulatory requirements. While we work closely with suppliers to assure continuity of supply and maintain high quality and reliability, these efforts may not be successful. Manufacturing disruptions experienced by our suppliers may jeopardize our supply of finished products and components. Due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the FDA and other similar non-U.S. regulatory agencies regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials. A change in suppliers could require significant effort or investment in circumstances where the items supplied are integral to product performance or incorporate unique technology. A reduction or interruption in manufacturing, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Due to our substantial indebtedness, one or more of our suppliers may refuse to extend us credit with respect to our purchasing or leasing equipment, supplies, products or components, or may only agree to extend us credit on significantly less favorable terms or subject to more onerous conditions. This could significantly disrupt our ability to purchase or lease required equipment, supplies, products and components in a cost-effective and timely manner and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any casualty, natural disaster or other significant disruption of any of our sole-source suppliers’ operations, or any unexpected loss of any existing exclusive supply contract could have a material adverse effect on our business. Increased prices for, or unavailability of, raw materials or sub-assemblies used in our products could adversely affect our profitability or revenues. Our profitability is affected by the prices of the raw materials and sub-assemblies used in the manufacture of our products. These prices may fluctuate based on a number of factors beyond our control, including changes in supply and demand, general economic conditions, labor costs, fuel related delivery costs, competition, import duties, tariffs, currency exchange rates, and government regulation. Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost containment efforts of our customers and third-party payers, we may be unable to pass along cost increases for key components or raw materials through higher prices to our customers. If the cost of key components or raw materials increases, and we are unable fully to recover these increased costs through price increases or offset these increases through other cost reductions, we could experience lower margins and profitability. Significant increases in the prices of raw materials or sub-assemblies that cannot be recovered through productivity gains, price increases or other methods could adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, pursuant to the conflict minerals requirements promulgated by the SEC as a part of Dodd-Frank, we are required to report on the source of any conflict minerals used in our products as well as the process we use to determine the source of such materials. We will incur expenses as we work with our suppliers to evaluate the source of any conflict minerals in our products, and compliance with these requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, supply, and pricing of our raw materials. If a natural or man-made disaster strikes our manufacturing facilities , we will be unable to manufacture our products for a substantial amount of time and our sales and profitability will decline. Our facilities and the manufacturing equipment we use to produce our products would be costly to replace and could require substantial lead-time to repair or replace. The manufacture of all of our tissue regenerative medicine products is conducted exclusively at our sole manufacturing facility in Branchburg, New Jersey, and our adipose autologous grafting products are manufactured at a third-party supplier in the U.S. The manufacture of our NPWT disposable supplies is conducted at our manufacturing facilities in Athlone, Ireland and Peer, Belgium, and the manufacturing facilities of third-party contract manufacturers in Mexico. The manufacture of our advanced wound dressings is conducted at our manufacturing facility in Gargrave, England. Regulatory approvals of our products are limited to one or more specifically approved manufacturing facilities. If we 23 fail to produce enough of a product at a facility, or if our manufacturing process at that facility is subject to a temporary or permanent facility shut-down caused by casualty (property damage caused by fire or other perils), regulatory action, or other unexpected interruptions, we may be unable to deliver that product to our customers or to identify and validate alternative sources for the affected product on a timely basis, which would impair our results of operations. Disruption of our third-party manufacturers’ facilities could arise for a variety of reasons, including technical, labor or other difficulties, equipment malfunction, contamination, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, destruction of, or damage to, any facility (as a result of natural disaster, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events), quality control issues, bankruptcy of the manufacturer or other reasons. Any of these disruptions in the production of our key manufacturers could have a negative impact on our sales or profitability. We take precautions to safeguard the facilities, including security, health and safety protocols, appropriate inventory coverage, business continuity plans and off-site backup and storage of electronic data. Additionally, we maintain property insurance that includes coverage for business interruption. However, a natural disaster such as a fire or flood could affect our ability to maintain ongoing operations and cause us to incur additional expenses. Insurance coverage may not be adequate to fully cover losses in any particular case. Accordingly, damage to a facility or other property due to fire, flood or other natural disaster or casualty event could materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Disruption to our distribution operations could adversely affect our business. We utilize third-party logistics providers to distribute our products in all of our geographic markets. Especially because our distribution operations are largely dependent upon third parties, any prolonged disruption in the operations of our existing distribution providers, whether due to technical, labor or other difficulties, equipment malfunction, contamination, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, destruction of or damage to any facility (as a result of natural disaster, use and storage of hazardous materials or other events) or other reasons, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on independent distributors in many of our international markets who generally control the importation and marketing of our product within their territories. We generally grant exclusive rights to these distributors and rely on them to understand local market conditions, to diligently sell our products and to comply with local laws and regulations. The operation of local laws and our agreements with distributors can make it difficult for us to change quickly from a distributor who we feel is underperforming. If we do terminate an independent distributor, we may lose our product registrations and customers who have been dealing with that distributor. Because we do not have local staff in many of the areas covered by independent distributors, it may be difficult for us to detect failures in our distributors’ performance or compliance. Actions by independent distributors that are beyond our control could result in flat or declining sales in that territory, harm to the reputation of our company or its products, or legal liability. Quality problems with our products and services could harm our reputation for producing high-quality products and erode our competitive advantage, sales, and market share. Quality is extremely important to us and our customers due to the serious and costly consequences of product failure. Our future operating results will depend on our ability to sustain an effective quality control system and effectively train and manage our employee base with respect to our quality system. Our quality system plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer requirements, preventing defects and improving our products and services. While we have a network of quality systems throughout our business lines and facilities, quality and safety issues may occur with respect to any of our products. A quality or safety issue may result in a public warning letter from the FDA, product recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, injunctions to halt manufacturing and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, refusal of a government to grant clearances or approvals or delays in granting such clearances or approvals, import detentions of products made outside the United States, restrictions on operations or withdrawal or suspension of existing approvals. Negative publicity regarding a quality issue could damage our reputation, cause us to lose customers, or decrease demand for our products. Any of the foregoing events could disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our international business operations are subject to risks , including risks arising from currency exchange rate fluctuations , which could adversely affect our operating results. Our operations outside the United States are subject to certain legal, regulatory, social, political, and economic risks inherent in international business operations. Sales outside of the United States represented approximately $537.0 million , or 29% , of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 and $411.4 million , or 24% , of our total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 , and we expect that non-U.S. sales will contribute significantly to future growth. The risks associated with our operations outside the United States include: • local product preferences and product requirements; • less stringent protection of intellectual property in some countries outside the United States; 24 • more stringent data privacy and protection measures in some countries outside the United States; • trade protection measures and import and export licensing requirements; • changes in foreign regulatory requirements and tax laws; • alleged or actual violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, and similar local commercial anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in the foreign jurisdictions in which we do business; • changes in foreign medical reimbursement programs and policies, and other healthcare reforms; • government-mandated austerity programs limiting spending; • changes in government-funded tenders and payer pathways; • difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-U.S. operations; • complex tax and cash management issues; • potential tax costs associated with repatriating cash from our non-U.S. subsidiaries; • political and economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and • longer-term receivables than are typical in the United States, and greater difficulty of collecting receivables in certain foreign jurisdictions. We are also exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If the United States dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of other countries such as the Euro, where we sell our products, our United States dollar reported revenue and income will decrease. Additionally, we incur significant costs in foreign currencies and a fluctuation in those currencies’ value can negatively impact manufacturing and selling costs. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and, in some instances, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. While we enter into foreign currency exchange contracts designed to reduce the short-term impact of foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot eliminate the risk, which may adversely affect our expected results. Most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental entities and we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions. The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions generally prohibit companies from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and in certain circumstances strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our training and compliance programs, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or other third-parties, including distributors. Violations of anti-bribery laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 25 We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business and performance. Our business requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. These systems are vulnerable to interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction, computer viruses, cyber-attacks and other events, which may be beyond our control. Systems interruptions could reduce our ability to accept customer orders, manufacture our products, or provide service for our customers, and could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. The level of protection and disaster-recovery capability varies from site to site, and there can be no guarantee that any such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be totally effective. In addition, security breaches of our information technology systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us, our employees, partners, customers, or our suppliers, which may result in significant costs and potential government sanctions. In particular, if we are unable to adequately safeguard individually identifiable health information, we may be subject to additional liability under domestic and international laws respecting the privacy and security of health information. We also are pursuing initiatives to modernize our information technology systems and processes. Many of our business lines use disparate systems and processes, including those required to support critical functions related to our operations, sales, and financial reporting. We continue implementing new systems to better streamline and integrate critical functions, which we expect to result in improved efficiency and, over time, reduced costs. While we believe these initiatives provide significant opportunity for us, they do expose us to inherent risks. We may suffer data loss or delays or other disruptions to our business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. If we fail to successfully implement new information technology systems and processes, we may fail to realize cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. We may not be able to maintain our competitive advantages if we are not able to attract and retain key personnel. Our success depends to a significant extent on our ability to attract and retain key members of our executive, technical, sales, marketing and engineering staff. While we have taken steps to retain such key personnel, there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain the services of individuals whose knowledge and skills are important to our businesses. Our success also depends on our ability to prospectively attract, expand, integrate, train and retain qualified management, technical, sales, marketing and engineering personnel. Because the competition for qualified personnel is intense, costs related to compensation and retention could increase significantly in the future. Additionally, integration of acquired companies and businesses, such as Systagenix, can be disruptive and may lead to the departure of key employees. If we were to lose a sufficient number of our key employees and were unable to replace them in a reasonable period of time, these losses could seriously damage our business. Adverse changes in general domestic and global economic conditions and instability and disruption of credit markets could adversely affect our operating results , financial condition or liquidity. We are subject to risks arising from adverse changes in general domestic and global economic conditions, including recession or economic slowdown and disruption of credit markets. During 2008, the global economy was impacted by the effects of the global financial crisis. This global financial crisis, including the European sovereign debt crisis, caused extreme disruption in the financial markets, including diminished liquidity and credit availability. Subsequently, economic conditions have improved and the financial markets can today be characterized as healthy with general availability of credit. However, there can be no assurance that there will not be deterioration in the global economy in the future. We believe an economic downturn could generally decrease hospital census and the demand for elective surgeries. Also, any future financial crisis, could make it more difficult and more expensive for hospitals and health systems to obtain credit, which may contribute to pressures on their operating margins. In addition, any economic deterioration would likely result in higher unemployment and reduce the number of individuals covered by private insurance, which may result in an increase in the cost of uncompensated care for hospitals. Higher unemployment may also result in a shift in reimbursement patterns as unemployed individuals switch from private plans to public plans such as U.S. Medicaid or Medicare. If economic conditions deteriorate and unemployment increases, any significant shift in coverage for the unemployed may have an unfavorable impact on our reimbursement mix and may result in a decrease in our overall average unit prices. Any disruption in the credit markets could impede our access to capital, which could be further adversely affected if we are unable to maintain our current credit ratings. Should we have limited access to additional financing sources, we may need to defer capital expenditures or seek other sources of liquidity, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms if at all. Similarly, if our suppliers face challenges in obtaining credit or other financial difficulties, they may be unable to provide the materials required to manufacture our products. All of these factors related to global economic conditions, which are beyond our control, could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 26 We are exposed to product liability claims that may materially and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. Our businesses expose us to product liability risks inherent in the testing, manufacturing, marketing and use of medical products. We are, and may be in the future, subject to product liability claims and lawsuits, including potential class actions or mass tort claims, alleging that our products have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and could result in settlement payments and adjustments not covered by or in excess of insurance. In addition, we may not be able to obtain insurance on terms acceptable to us or at all because insurance varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain. The legal expenses associated with defending against product liability claims, the obligation to pay a product liability claim in excess of available insurance coverage, or the ability to maintain adequate insurance coverage could increase operating expenses and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings relating to product liability claims. For example, LifeCell is currently named as a defendant in approximately 335 lawsuits filed by individuals alleging personal injury and seeking monetary damages for failed hernia repair procedures using LifeCell’s AlloDerm products. We are also named defendants in 180 cases related to Repliform, a human tissue product sold by Boston Scientific, one of our distributors. Legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in excessive verdicts and/or injunctive relief that may affect how we operate our business, or we may enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages that exceed our insurance coverage, if any. In addition, we cannot predict the results of future legislative activity or future court decisions, any of which could lead to an increase in regulatory investigations or our exposure to litigation. Any such proceedings or investigations, regardless of the merits, may result in substantial costs, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and additional restrictions on our sales or the use of our products, and potentially harm our reputation, which could disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that could require us to incur material costs. Our manufacturing operations worldwide and those of our third-party suppliers are subject to many requirements under environmental, health and safety laws concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. Violations of these laws can result in significant civil and criminal penalties and incarceration. Most environmental agencies also have the power to shut down an operation if it is operating in violation of environmental law. Some European countries impose environmental taxes or require manufacturers to take back used products at the end of their useful life, and others restrict the materials that manufacturers may use in their products and require redesign and labeling of products. We have management programs and processes in place that are intended to minimize the potential for violations of these laws. New laws and regulations, violations of these laws or regulations, stricter enforcement of existing requirements, or the discovery of previously unknown contamination could require us to incur costs, become the basis for new or increased liabilities, and cause disruptions to our operations that could be material. Any significant disruption in our third party suppliers’ operations as a result of violations of these laws or regulations could also have an adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. Changes in tax laws or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the U.S. and various jurisdictions outside the U.S. We are subject to ongoing tax audits in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. However, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the actual outcomes of these audits could have a material impact on our consolidated earnings and financial condition. Additionally, changes in tax laws or tax rulings could materially impact our effective tax rate. For example, recent legislation imposed on medical device manufacturers a 2.3% excise tax on U.S. sales of medical devices beginning in January 2013. Proposals for fundamental U.S. corporate tax reform, if enacted, could have a material impact on our future results of operations. 27 Risks Related to Our Capital Structure The interests of our Equity Sponsors may differ from the interests of holders of our 10.5% Second Lien Senior Secured Notes due 2018, 12.5% Senior Unsecured Notes due 2019 and Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 (collectively, the “Notes”). As a result of the 2011 going-private transaction, our Sponsors and their affiliates beneficially own most of the outstanding equity of our company. The interests of the Sponsors may differ from our interest and from those of holders of our Notes in material respects. For example, the Sponsors may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures, financings or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their overall equity portfolios, even though such transactions might involve risks to holders of our Notes. The Sponsors are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time in the future acquire interests in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with certain portions of our business or are suppliers of our customers. The companies in which one or more of the Sponsors invest may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. Additionally, the Sponsors may determine that the disposition of some or all of their interests in our company would be beneficial to the Sponsors at a time when such disposition could be detrimental to the holders of our Notes. If we encounter financial difficulties, or we are unable to pay our debts as they mature, the interests of our equity holders might conflict with those of the holders of our Notes. In that situation, for example, the holders of our Notes might want us to raise additional equity from our equity holders or other investors to reduce our leverage and pay our debts, while our equity holders might not want to increase their investment in us or have their ownership diluted and instead choose to take other actions, such as selling our assets. The Sponsors have no obligation to provide us with financing and are able to sell their equity ownership in our parent company at any time. Moreover, the Sponsors’ ownership of our company may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire control of our company. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under the Notes. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. At December 31, 2014 , we and our subsidiaries had approximately $4.898 billion (excluding original issue discount) of aggregate principal amount of indebtedness outstanding, of which $4.286 billion was secured indebtedness, $612.1 million was unsecured indebtedness, and an additional $161.0 million of unused commitments available to be borrowed under our Revolving Credit Facility. Our substantial level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness could have other important consequences to our debt holders and significant effects on our business. For example, it could: • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Notes and our other debt; • increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; • require us to repatriate cash for debt service from our foreign subsidiaries resulting in dividend tax costs or require us to adopt other disadvantageous tax structures to accommodate debt service payments; • restrict us from capitalizing on business opportunities; • make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including payments on the Notes; • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and • limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other general corporate purposes. In addition, the credit agreement governing our credit facilities and the indentures governing the Notes contain, and the agreements governing future indebtedness may contain, restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our indebtedness. 28 Despite our current level of indebtedness, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage. We may be able to incur significant additional indebtedness in the future. Although the indentures governing the Notes and the credit agreement governing our credit facilities limit our ability and the ability of our present and future subsidiaries to incur additional indebtedness, the terms of the credit facilities and the indentures permit us to incur significant additional indebtedness. Moreover, all amounts outstanding at any time under our credit facilities are effectively senior to the notes to the extent of the value of the collateral. In addition, the credit agreement governing our credit facilities and the Indentures do not prohibit us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness as defined therein. To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness or such other obligations, the risk associated with our substantial indebtedness described above, including our possible inability to service our debt, will increase. In addition, because our credit facilities bear interest at variable rates of interest, we are exposed to risk from fluctuations in interest rates. We may enter into interest rate swaps that involve the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments in order to reduce interest rate volatility. However, we may not maintain interest rate swaps with respect to all of our variable rate indebtedness, and any swaps we enter into may not fully mitigate our interest rate risk, or may create additional risks. To service our indebtedness , we will require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business , financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness and to fund working capital needs and planned capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before the maturity thereof, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments or seek to raise additional capital, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, we may not be able to affect any of these actions, if necessary, on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or future debt instruments, including the credit agreement governing our credit facilities and the indentures governing the Notes, may limit or prevent us from taking any of these actions. In addition, any failure to make scheduled payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, or to refinance or restructure our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have an adverse effect, which could be material, on our business, financial condition and results of operations, as well as on our ability to satisfy our obligations in respect of the credit facilities or the Notes. Our failure to comply with the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness , including as a result of events beyond our control , could result in an event of default that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. If there were an event of default under any of the agreements relating to our outstanding indebtedness, the holders of the defaulted debt could cause all amounts outstanding with respect to that debt to be due and payable immediately. We cannot guarantee that our assets or cash flow would be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default. Further, if we are unable to repay, refinance or restructure our indebtedness under our secured debt, the holders of such debt could proceed against the collateral securing that indebtedness. In addition, any event of default or declaration of acceleration under one debt instrument could also result in an event of default under one or more of our other debt instruments. As a result, any default by us on our indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business and could impact our ability to make payments under the Notes. 29 The credit agreement governing our credit facilities and the indentures governing the Notes will restrict our current and future operations , particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions. The credit agreement governing our credit facilities and the indentures governing the Notes will impose significant operating and financial restrictions and limit our ability and our other restricted subsidiaries’ ability to: • incur additional indebtedness and guarantee indebtedness; • pay dividends or make other distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, capital stock; • prepay, redeem or repurchase certain debt; • make loans and investments; • sell or otherwise dispose of assets; • sell stock of our subsidiaries; • incur liens; • enter into transactions with affiliates; • enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends; and • consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets. As a result of these covenants and restrictions, we are and will be limited in how we conduct our business, and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. In addition, we will be required to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. The terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants described above as well as others contained in our future debt instruments from time to time could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in our being required to repay these borrowings before their due date. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 