 – Risks Related to Our Business –We face competition from a number
of different sources, some of which offer free content, and our failure to compete effectively could materially impact our revenues, results of operations and financial condition.” Intellectual Property We regard
protection of our intellectual property, including content, as an important factor to our success. To protect our proprietary content and intellectual property, we rely on trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws and on
contractual agreements with third parties. We rely primarily on trade secret and similar intellectual property laws to protect our search technology, software products and digitization and indexing processes. In the United States, we currently have
several patents issued, including for digitization, indexing, storage, correlation, display of content and related to our AncestryDNA product, and we have additional patents pending. We own numerous trademark registrations for the trademarks for our
products and services in the U.S. and internationally. Some of our trademarks contain words or terms having an arguably common usage and, as a result, may not be protectable under applicable law. Because of this concern, we have elected not to file
applications with respect to certain of our trademarks, and some of our trademarks for which we have filed applications have encountered and may encounter obstacles. While we possess intellectual property rights in aspects of our digital content databases, these content databases are not protected by any
registered copyrights or other registered intellectual property or statutory rights. Our content databases are protected by user agreements that limit access to and use of our data. However, compliance with use restrictions is difficult to monitor,
and our proprietary rights in these content databases may be more difficult to enforce or protect than other forms of intellectual property rights. For further discussion refer to Item 1A. “Risk Factors – Risks Related to Intellectual Property.” Employees At December 31, 2014, we
had 1,385 employees of whom 1,149 were employed full-time. None of our employees is covered by a collective bargaining agreement, except to the extent required by the laws of certain foreign jurisdictions. We have not experienced employment-related
work stoppages, and we consider our employee relations to be good. Financial Information about Segments and Geographic Areas We are organized as, and operate in, a single segment. For financial information about our segment and our geographic areas, refer to Note 12
to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report. Other Information Our corporate headquarters are located at 360 West 4800 North, Provo, UT 84604, and our telephone number at that address is
(801) 705-7000. Our corporate website address is http://corporate.ancestry.com , and our investor relations website is http://ir.ancestry.com . The following filings are available for download free of charge through our investor
relations website after we file them with the SEC: Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports. The contents of our websites are not incorporated in, or otherwise to be
regarded as part of, this Annual Report. All of our public filings, including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form
10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, all amendments to those reports and other ownership-related filings are available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . Our primary operating subsidiary, Ancestry.com Operations Inc., was originally incorporated in Utah in 1983 and reincorporated in Delaware in
1998. Ancestry.com LLC is a holding company, and substantially all of our operations are conducted by wholly-owned subsidiaries. 8 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors A wide range of factors could materially affect our performance. The following factors and other information included in this Annual Report
should be carefully considered. Although the risk factors described below are the ones management deems significant, additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we presently deem less significant may also impair our business
operations. If any of the following events actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We may have already engaged as subscribers substantially all of the total addressable market for family history services. If our efforts to retain
existing and to attract new subscribers do not succeed, our number of subscribers could decline and our revenues may be materially adversely affected. We generate substantially all of our revenues from subscriptions to our services, and we expect that we will continue to depend upon
subscription revenues for substantially all of our revenues in the foreseeable future. We must continue to retain existing and to attract new subscribers both to grow our business and to replace subscribers who choose to cancel their subscriptions.
We seek to do this in part by investing in existing and new product platforms, services and technologies, such as AncestryDNA, Archives.com and mobile, and by expanding to new markets. If consumers do not perceive our services to be reliable,
valuable and of high quality, if we fail to sufficiently invest in our product platform, if we fail to regularly introduce new and improved services and more content, if we introduce new services that are not favorably received by the market, if we
fail to adequately address public concern regarding privacy and data security, if consumer interest in online family history services declines, or if we find that we have already engaged as subscribers substantially all of the total addressable
market for family history services, we may not be able to retain existing or to attract new subscribers and our revenues could be materially adversely affected. Subscribers choose to cancel their subscriptions for many personal reasons, including a
desire to reduce discretionary spending, a perception that they do not have sufficient time to use the service or otherwise do not use the service sufficiently or customer service issues are not satisfactorily resolved. The relative service levels, pricing and related features of competitors to our products and services, and the size of the family history
market are some additional factors that may adversely impact our ability to retain existing subscribers and to attract new subscribers. Some of our current competitors provide genealogical records free of charge. Some governments or private
organizations may make historical records available online at no cost to consumers, and some commercial entities could choose to make such records available on an advertising-supported basis rather than a subscription basis. In addition to
competition from outside services, certain of our products, such as Archives.com, may compete with our core Ancestry websites for subscribers. If consumers are able to satisfy their family history research needs at no or lower cost, they may not
perceive value in our higher priced products and services. Further, our number of subscribers may decrease as a result of a full penetration of the total addressable market for, or a declining interest in, family history research. Any of these factors could cause our number of subscribers to fall, which could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition
and results of operations. For example, our number of total subscribers decreased as of December 31, 2014 compared to December 31, 2013. Our total number of subscribers may continue to decline in future periods. If we are unable to
effectively retain existing subscribers and to attract new subscribers or our number of subscribers further declines, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Our business may not grow or may contract, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. While we have experienced periods of rapid growth in the past, our total number of subscribers decreased as of December 31, 2014 compared
to December 31, 2013, and we do not expect rapid growth rates in future periods. As such, you should not rely on the growth of any prior year or other period as an indication of our future performance. If our business does not grow while we
continue to devote substantial resources and funds to improving our existing or new technologies and product offerings, to continue acquiring new and relevant content and also to expanding awareness of our brand and category through marketing, our
margins in the near term may be reduced. If our revenue growth rate were to further decline or become negative, it could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our business strategy and projections rely on a number of assumptions, some or all of which may be incorrect. For example, it is difficult to
predict the acceptance by the market of our products and services. Also, we believe that consumers will be willing to pay for subscriptions to our online family history resources, notwithstanding the fact that some of our current and future
competitors may provide such resources free of charge. We cannot accurately predict whether our products and services will achieve significant acceptance by potential users in larger numbers than at present as we may have already engaged
substantially all of the total addressable market for family history research. You should therefore not rely on our historic growth rates as an indication of future growth. 9 Table of Contents Consumers of internet-based services are increasingly converting to mobile platforms, and we have faced
challenges in our efforts to provide users with a mobile experience that converts them to subscribers. If we are unable to provide our mobile users with access to the full range of our services, or adapt our products to other technological
changes and subscriber needs for mobile platforms, we may not remain competitive and our business may decline. As consumers of web
services increasingly rely exclusively on mobile devices, our mobile app and the mobile web are becoming important ways for users to engage with our service. Despite our efforts to date, we have not been able to meaningfully monetize mobile users of
our services, and we may not be able to monetize the engagement of our mobile users in the future. If our mobile app or mobile web experience is slow, subject to intermittent failures, difficult to use or does not contain the same important
functionality available on our desktop experience, it may not meet the user’s expectations and as a result could damage our reputation, prevent us from retaining existing or acquiring new subscribers and may have a material adverse effect on
our business and results of operations. Most mobile apps are downloaded from various service providers that charge us commissions on
in-app sales of our services, but do not currently charge us fees or commissions for distribution of our mobile apps. If one or more of these service providers were to modify their terms of service or other policies to increase their commission fee
on in-app purchases, begin to impose fees or commissions upon us in connection with their distribution of our mobile apps or prohibit us from distributing our mobile apps on their platforms, we may be unable to attract on a cost-effective basis a
similar number of new registered users that we can convert to subscribers, which could materially affect our financial condition and results of operations. Products or technologies we invest in or develop could be costly, may not be well received by the market and may not ultimately drive growth in our
business. As part of our business strategy, we have made and will continue to make significant investments in the development or
acquisition of new products and technologies, such as our AncestryDNA service. There is no assurance that new products or technologies will positively contribute to our results of operations in the future. Our existing subscribers may not find the
products that we offer as a result of these investments to be attractive, or they may not succeed in enticing new subscribers. Acquiring or launching new products and technologies may demand a disproportionate amount of management’s attention,
and distract them from their focus on our existing offerings. If acquisitions or new product launches, such as AncestryDNA or a health website, are unsuccessful, our brand and reputation, our results of operations, financial condition and key
metrics, such as net subscriber additions, may be materially adversely affected. We may not be successful in addressing these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with our investments. The technologies that we use in our business are rapidly changing. To remain competitive, we must continue to provide relevant content and
enhance and improve the functionality and features of our products and services. For example, we are making significant improvements to our existing website and certain other changes to our core service. Existing subscribers that have become
accustomed to the current experience on our website may not agree that the planned changes are improvements and may prefer the current experience and as such, may cancel their subscription. However, if we fail to improve our services and
technologies in step with the evolution of technology, or if competitors introduce new solutions embodying new technologies, our existing products and services may become obsolete. Our future success will depend on, among other things, our ability
to: • anticipate demand for new products and services; • enhance our existing solutions, cross-platform compatibility, systems capacity and processing speed; and • respond to technological advances on a cost-effective and timely basis. Developing or
acquiring the technologies for our products entails significant technical and business risks. We may use new or acquired technologies ineffectively, or we may fail to adapt our products and services to the demands of our subscribers. If we face
material delays in introducing new or enhanced solutions, our subscribers may forego the use of our solutions in favor of those of our competitors. Our operating results fluctuate from period to period and may not immediately reflect downturns or upturns in subscriptions, which could make our
operating results difficult to predict and affect future operating results. Our quarterly and annual operating results are tied to
certain financial and operational metrics that have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate significantly in the future. As a result, you should not rely upon our past operating results as indicators of future performance. Our operating results
depend on numerous factors, many of which are outside of our control. For the reasons set forth in this Risk Factors section or other reasons, the results of any prior quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indicators of our future
performance, and our revenues and operating results in the future may differ materially from the expectations of management or investors. We recognize revenues from subscribers ratably over the term of their subscriptions. Since the majority of our subscription durations have
historically been greater than six months, a large portion of our revenues for each quarter has reflected deferred revenues from subscriptions entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one
quarter will not necessarily be fully reflected in revenues in that quarter but will negatively affect our revenues in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns or upturns in subscriptions or market acceptance of our service,
or changes in subscriber cancellation rates, may not fully impact our results of operations until future periods. 10 Table of Contents In addition, the largely long-term commitments of our subscribers historically have enhanced our
near-term visibility on our revenues, which we believe has enabled us to more effectively manage our business and provide working capital benefits. As the mix of our subscriptions changes from longer to shorter durations, our near-term visibility on
our revenues decreases. If this trend continues, it could become more difficult to manage our business and effectively budget future working capital requirements. We continuously attempt to attract subscribers through marketing. If our marketing efforts do not attract additional subscribers on a cost-effective
basis, or if we are unable to manage our marketing and advertising expenses, it could materially harm our results of operations. Our future profitability, as well as the maintenance and enhancement of our brands, will depend in large part on the effectiveness and
efficiency of our marketing and advertising expenditures, which are significant. We use a diverse mix of marketing and advertising programs to promote our products and services, and we periodically adjust our mix of these programs. Significant
increases in the pricing of one or more of our marketing and advertising channels could increase our marketing and advertising expense or cause us to choose less effective marketing and advertising channels. We have experienced price increases in
some of our marketing and advertising channels. Television advertising comprises a large percentage of our marketing and advertising expense, which may have significantly higher costs than other channels and which could materially adversely affect
our profitability. Further, we may over time become disproportionately reliant on one channel or partner, which could increase our operating expenses. Because we recognize revenues ratably over the subscription period, we have incurred and may in
the future incur marketing and advertising expenses significantly in advance of the time we anticipate recognizing revenues associated with such expenses, and our marketing and advertising expenditures may not result in increased revenues. If we are
unable to maintain our marketing and advertising channels on cost-effective terms or replace existing marketing and advertising channels with similarly effective channels, our marketing and advertising expenses could increase substantially, our
subscriber levels could be affected adversely, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. In addition, we may be required to incur significantly higher marketing and advertising expenses than we currently anticipate
if excessive numbers of subscribers cancel our services or for other reasons. Our expanded marketing efforts may increase our subscriber acquisition cost, as additional expenses may not result in sufficient subscriber growth to offset cost, which
would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have purchased and intend to continue to
purchase product integration in and television advertising associated with television shows relevant to family history research, which have aired in the United States and other countries in past years. Television shows that focus on family history
research have caused increased interest in our core business. If we do not receive benefits from family history research related television shows or if such shows do not continue to be well received or are canceled, the visibility of our core
business and our brand may be reduced and our results of operations, financial condition and key metrics, such as net subscriber additions, may be materially adversely affected. We face competition from a number of different sources, some of which offer free content, and our failure to compete effectively could materially impact
our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. We face competition in our business from a variety of organizations,
some of which provide genealogical records free of charge. Many external factors, including the cost of marketing, content acquisition and technology and our current and future competitors’ pricing and marketing strategies can significantly
affect our competitive strategies, including pricing. If we fail to meet our subscribers’ expectations, we could fail to retain existing or attract new subscribers, either of which could harm our business and results of operations. Our core Ancestry websites and our other products and services face competition from: • FamilySearch, and its website FamilySearch.org, a genealogy organization that is part of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. FamilySearch has an extensive collection of paper and microfilm records.
FamilySearch has digitized a large quantity of these records and has published them online at FamilySearch.org, where it makes them available to the public for free and through thousands of family history centers located throughout the world.
FamilySearch is a well-funded organization and is undertaking a large-scale digitization project to make its collection available online. While we have engaged, and continue to engage, in certain collaborative efforts with FamilySearch to digitize
and make historical records available online, FamilySearch has partnered and may in the future partner with other commercial entities to broaden the distribution of its records. • Commercial entities, including online genealogical research services, library content distributors, search engines and portals, retailers of books and software related to genealogical research and family tree creation
and family history oriented social networking websites. • Non-profit entities and organizations, genealogical societies, governments and agencies that may make vital statistics or other records available to the public for free or that partner with commercial entities to make
their records widely available. We expect our competition to grow both through industry consolidation and the emergence of
new participants in our existing markets. We will also face competitors in new markets that we enter. For example, we face competition from other companies, such as 23andme, in providing family history DNA services. Our future competitors may
include other Internet-based businesses, governments, religious organizations, not-for-profit entities and other entities. The market for Internet-based services evolves at a very rapid pace, and 11 Table of Contents our competitors may offer products and services that are superior to any of our products and services. In addition, Internet business models are constantly changing. The online family history
market could move to an advertising-supported model to the detriment of our subscription-based model. Our competitors may have greater resources, more well-established brand recognition or more sophisticated technologies, such as search algorithms,
than we do. Our competitors may more easily obtain relevant records in domestic and international markets or offer new categories of content, products or services before we do, or at lower prices, which may give them a competitive advantage in
attracting subscribers. In addition to competition from outside sources, certain of our products, such as Archives.com, may compete with our core Ancestry websites for subscribers. To compete effectively, we may need to expend significant resources on content acquisition, technology or marketing and advertising, which
could reduce our margins and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we do not compete effectively, our ability to retain and expand our subscriber base, and our revenues, results of
operations and financial condition, could be materially adversely affected. See Item 1, “Business – Competition.” Changes that
we make to the prices and the types of subscriptions that we offer may affect our subscriber mix and cancellation rates, which could have a significant negative impact on our revenues and number of total subscribers. We continually evaluate and test the types of subscriptions that we offer. Based on the results of any product or price testing conducted, we
may change the price and subscription packages we offer and market. Our pricing and subscription packaging strategy may influence subscribers to choose a certain subscription or duration. If our pricing and subscription packaging strategy fails, we
may experience higher cancellation volumes and be unable to attract new subscribers, which may result in decreased immediate and long-term revenues and a loss in the number of total subscribers. In the future, we may continue to perform product and
price tests involving our users and to make changes to our products and prices, the results of which could affect our number or mix of subscribers and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and key operating metrics,
including the number of total subscribers. In addition, if regulators or third-party businesses imposed new requirements regarding
charging our subscribers recurring subscription fees, such new regulations could materially adversely affect our revenues, financial condition and results of operations. Challenges in acquiring historical content and making it available online could materially adversely affect our ability to retain and expand our
subscriber base, and therefore could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In order to
retain and expand our subscriber base, both domestically and internationally, we must continue to expend significant resources to acquire significant amounts of additional historical content, digitize it and make it available to our subscribers
online. We face legal, logistical, cultural and commercial challenges in acquiring new content. Relevant governmental records may be widely dispersed and held at a national, state or local level. Religious and private records are even more widely
dispersed. These problems often pose particular challenges in acquiring content internationally. Desirable content may not be available
to us on favorable terms, or at all, due to competition for a particular collection, privacy concerns relative to information contained in a given collection or our lack of negotiating leverage with a certain content provider. For example, some of
our most popular databases include “vital records” content—namely, historical birth, marriage and death records—made available by certain governmental agencies. To help prevent identity theft, or other malicious activities,
governments may attempt to restrict the release of or increase the difficulty of accessing all or substantial portions of their vital records content, and particularly birth records, to third parties. If these efforts are successful, it may limit,
increase the cost of or altogether prevent us from acquiring these types of vital record content or continuing to make them available online. In some cases, we have had to lobby for legislation to be changed or otherwise work to surmount
administrative or other bureaucratic hurdles to enable government or other bodies to grant us access to records. While we own or license
most of the images in our database, we generally do not own the underlying historical documents. If owners of content have sold or licensed the rights to digitize that content, even on a non-exclusive basis, they may elect not to sell or license it
for digitization purposes to any other person. Therefore, if one of our competitors acquires rights to digitize a set of content, even on a non-exclusive basis, we may be unable to acquire rights to digitize that content. Conversely, the owners of
historical records may allow more than one party to digitize those records and our competitors may digitize and make available the same content that we offer. In some cases, acquisition of content involves competitive bidding, and we may choose not
to bid or may not successfully bid to acquire content rights. In addition, a number of governmental bodies and other organizations are interested in making historical content available for free and owners of historical records may license or sell
their records to such governmental bodies and organizations in addition to or instead of licensing or selling their content to us. Our inability to offer certain vital records or other valuable content as part of our family history research
databases or the widespread availability of such content elsewhere at lower cost or for free could result in our subscription services becoming less valuable to consumers, which could have a material adverse impact on our number of subscribers, and
therefore on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 12 Table of Contents We depend in part upon third-party licenses for some of our historical content, and a loss of these
licenses, or disputes regarding royalties under these licenses, could adversely affect our ability to retain and expand our subscriber base, and therefore could materially affect our revenues, financial condition and results of operations. We acquire a portion of our content pursuant to ongoing license agreements. Some of these agreements have finite terms, and we may
not be able to renew the agreements on terms that are advantageous to us or at all. For example, we license a significant amount of our United Kingdom content from The National Archives of the United Kingdom under several license agreements that
generally have ten-year terms, with varying automatic extension periods. The agreements are generally terminable by either party for breach by the other party and by The National Archives of the United Kingdom upon our insolvency or bankruptcy. Some
of these agreements also contain change in control provisions that may permit The National Archives of the United Kingdom to terminate these licenses. If a current or future license for a significant content collection were to be terminated, we may not be able to obtain a new license on terms
advantageous to us or at all, and we could be required to remove the relevant content from our websites, either immediately or after some period of time. If a content provider were to license or sell us content in violation of that content
provider’s agreements with other parties or if we misused any of the licensed content, we could be required to remove that content from our websites and potentially face liability. If we were required to remove a material amount of content from
our websites, as a result of the termination of one or more licenses or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Some of these license agreements restrict the manner in which we use the applicable content, which
could limit our ability to leverage that content for new uses as we expand our business. Digitizing and indexing new content can take a significant
amount of time and expense, and can expose us to risks associated with the loss or damage of historical documents. Our inability to maintain or acquire content or make new content available online in a timely and cost-effective manner, or liability
for loss of historical documents, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Digitizing and indexing new historical content can take a significant amount of time and expense, and we generally incur the expenses related
to such content significantly in advance of the time we can make it available to our subscribers. We have made significant investments to acquire, digitize and index content, including content acquired through business acquisitions, and we expect to
continue to spend significant resources on content. Increases in the cost or time required to digitize and index new content could harm our financial results. We do not have long-term contracts with any of our transcription vendors. If we were to
transition away from one of our larger transcription vendors for any reason, we may be required to provide extensive training to the other vendors, which could delay our ability to make our new content available to our subscribers, and our
relationships with the other transcription vendors may be on financial or other terms less favorable to us than our existing arrangements. Our inability to maintain or acquire content or to make new content available online in a timely and
cost-effective manner would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we are
digitizing content, we may be in possession of valuable and irreplaceable original historical documents. While we maintain insurance with respect to such documents, any loss or damage to such documents, while in our possession, could cause us
significant expense and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and the potential willingness of content owners to license or lend their content to us. Our failure to attract, integrate and retain highly qualified key personnel could harm our business, and if we are unable to integrate appropriate
personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. To execute our business plan, we must attract and
retain highly-qualified personnel. Competition for these employees is intense, particularly for skilled engineers, and we may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We have from time to time in the past experienced, and
we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we
have. In addition, in making employment decisions, particularly in the Internet and high-technology industries, job candidates often consider the value of the stock-based awards they may receive in connection with their employment and may be
concerned about the value and liquidity of the stock-based awards we offer. When adding staff, we may not make optimal hiring decisions or may not integrate personnel effectively. Additions to personnel may increase our cost base, which could make
it more difficult to decrease expenses in the short term. If we fail to attract and effectively integrate new personnel, or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future prospects could be materially adversely affected. We depend on the continued service and performance of our key personnel, including Timothy Sullivan, our President and Chief Executive
Officer. We do not maintain key man insurance on any of our officers or key employees. We also do not have long-term employment agreements with our officers or key employees. In addition, much of our key technology and systems are custom-made for
our business by our personnel. The loss of key personnel, including key members of our management team, as well as certain of our key marketing, product development or technology personnel could disrupt our operations and have an adverse effect on
our ability to operate our business. 13 Table of Contents We currently outsource some of our customer service, product development activities and DNA testing
services to third parties, which exposes us to significant risks if these parties fail to perform under our agreements with them. Because we currently outsource some of our customer service, product development activities and DNA testing services to third parties, we have
less control over the work produced by these providers than over our own employees. If customer service or DNA testing personnel fail to perform in accordance with the terms of our agreements, we may fail to meet customer expectations. If
third-party developers fail to adequately protect or transfer our intellectual property rights in our products, our intellectual property portfolio could be damaged. These outcomes could result in negative publicity, damage our reputation and brands
and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We use a single-source laboratory for our DNA testing and a
single-source manufacturing facility for producing our DNA kits, which could materially harm our business by adversely affecting the availability, quality and cost of our DNA services. We use a single-source laboratory for our DNA testing and a single-source manufacturing facility for producing our DNA kits. If testing or
production is delayed or curtailed by such sources, we may not be able to meet our customers’ expectations with respect to timing, quality and price. Even if we were able to locate alternative laboratories or manufacturing facilities,
qualification of an alternative supplier, obtaining the appropriate technology and establishment of reliable services could result in delays and a possible loss of sales, which could materially harm our operating results. We may also be unable
to locate an alternative supplier that can provide the necessary services and technology at comparable prices, which could result in an increase in the cost of our DNA services. Reliance on single-source suppliers subjects us to a risk of delays, as well as a risk of increased cost and/or reduced quality of our DNA
services. In addition, faulty analyses from our DNA testing provider could harm our reputation and may adversely affect our future DNA revenues and the success of our DNA testing services. Cyber-attacks, continued service outages or significant disruptions in service on our websites or in our computer systems, which are currently hosted
primarily by a single third party, could damage our reputation and result in a loss of subscribers, which would harm our business and operating results. Our brand, reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our subscribers depend upon the reliable performance of our websites, network
infrastructure, content delivery processes and payment systems. We have experienced interruptions in these systems in the past, including server failures and electronic attacks that temporarily slowed down our websites’ performance and
users’ access to content, or made our websites inaccessible, and we may experience network security breaches or other interruptions in the future. We have experienced “distributed-denial-of-service” and other attacks in the past that
have caused our systems to respond slowly or be inaccessible. Our efforts to fix these disruptions may redirect resources from product development or other business initiatives and may not result in lasting benefits. Rapid advances in technology may
prevent us from anticipating all potential security threats or promptly identifying all security breaches, and the limits and costs of technology, skills and manpower could prevent us from adequately addressing these threats. Interruptions in these
systems, whether due to system failures, computer viruses, worms, malicious software programs or physical or electronic attacks or break-ins, could affect the security or availability of our websites and prevent our subscribers from accessing our
data and using our products and services. Problems with the reliability or security of our systems may cause shutdowns or service disruptions, harm our reputation, result in regulatory penalties or litigation, impair our ability to attract new
subscribers and cause subscribers to cancel, and the cost of remedying these problems and improving cyber defense systems could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Substantially all of our communications, network and computer hardware used to operate our websites are co-located in a third-party facility
in Salt Lake City, Utah. We do not own or control the operation of this facility. We also store certain data in a third-party facility in Ireland. We also use third-party off-site backup services, and we have disaster recovery plans in place. Our
disaster recovery plans are not fully redundant to our facility in Utah. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attacks, acts of war, electronic and
physical break-ins, computer viruses, earthquakes and similar events. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events at one or more facilities could result in reduced functionality or interruption of our websites, damage to our systems and hardware
or could cause them to fail completely, and our insurance may not cover such events or may be insufficient to compensate us for losses that may occur. A network or communications failure or interruption of our system could also result in our
customers losing access to or experiencing reduced functionality of our websites. In addition, we utilize third-party Internet-based or
“cloud” computing services in connection with our business operations, including with our DNA testing services, our credit card processing and our disaster recovery systems. Cloud computing services are vulnerable to the same disruptions,
attacks and break-ins as our co-located systems and facilities, but we may have reduced visibility of the potential vulnerabilities of cloud computing services. Disruptions of the cloud computing services we use may result in customers losing access
or in reduced functionality of our websites. Problems faced by our third-party web hosting provider, with telecommunications network providers or with the systems by which these providers allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could
adversely affect the experience of our subscribers. Our third-party web hosting providers, including our co-located facilities and the cloud computing services that we use, could decide to stop providing services to us without adequate notice. In
addition, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy reorganization, faced by our third-party web hosting providers or any other service providers may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to
predict. Additionally, if our third-party web hosting providers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, this could have a material adverse effect on our business. Any errors, defects, disruptions or other performance problems with
our services could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 Table of Contents We face many risks associated with our plans to continue to expand our international offerings and
marketing and advertising efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2014, approximately 30% of subscribers to our core Ancestry websites were from locations outside the United States. We
are subject to many of the risks of doing business internationally, including the following: • exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; • compliance with foreign laws and the interpretation of those laws, including tax, employment, and anti-bribery laws and regulations pertaining to the sale and use of genetic information; • compliance with changing and conflicting legal and regulatory regimes; • compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; • compliance with varying and conflicting intellectual property laws; • difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; • prevention of business or user fraud; and • implementation and maintenance of effective internal controls and processes across diverse operations and a dispersed employee base. We anticipate that our continuing international expansion, including the international launch of AncestryDNA in 2015, will entail increased
marketing and advertising of our products, services and brands, the development of localized websites and products throughout our geographical markets and increased costs associated with the compliance with the varying regulatory environments in the
international markets that we have and may expand into. We may not succeed in these efforts or achieve our subscriber acquisition or other goals. For some international markets, customer preferences and buying behaviors may be different than those
in our current markets, and we may use business models that are different from our traditional subscription models. Our revenues from new foreign markets may not exceed the costs of acquiring, establishing, marketing and maintaining international
offerings, and therefore may not be profitable on a sustained basis, if at all. The risks of international expansion include: • difficulties in developing and marketing our offerings and brands as a result of distance, language and cultural differences; • more stringent consumer, data and privacy protection laws; • inability to effectively deal with local socio-economic and political conditions; • technical difficulties and costs associated with the localization of our service offerings; • strong local competitors; and • lack of experience in certain geographical markets. One or more of these factors could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to improve market recognition of and
loyalty to our brands, or if our reputation were to be harmed, we could lose subscribers or fail to increase the number of subscribers, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. We believe that maintaining and enhancing our Ancestry brand and other brands is critical to our success. We believe that the
importance of brand recognition and loyalty will only increase in light of increasing competition in our markets. We plan to continue to promote our brands, both domestically and internationally, but there is no guarantee that our selected
strategies will increase the favorable recognition of our brands. Some of our existing and potential competitors, including search engines, media companies and government and religious institutions have well-established brands with greater brand
recognition than we have. Additionally, from time to time, our subscribers express dissatisfaction with our service, including, among
other things, dissatisfaction with our auto-renewal and other billing policies, our handling of personal data and the way our services operate. To the extent that dissatisfaction with our service is widespread or not adequately addressed, our brand
may be adversely impacted. If our efforts to promote and maintain our brand are not successful, our operating results and our ability to attract and retain subscribers may be adversely affected. In addition, even if our brand recognition and loyalty
increase, this may not result in increased use of our products and services or higher revenues. Many individuals are passionate about family history research and participate in blogs and social media on this topic both on our websites and elsewhere.
If actions we take or changes we make to our products, services or performance, such as redesigning our website, upset these individuals, their blogging and contributions to social media could negatively affect our brand and reputation, which could
have a material adverse effect on our revenues, results of operations and financial condition. 15 Table of Contents Acquisitions, if any, may not be completed within the expected timeframe or at all, and could prove
difficult to integrate, disrupt our ongoing business or have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. As part of
our business strategy, we have engaged and may in the future engage in acquisitions of businesses to augment our organic or internal growth. While we have engaged in acquisitions in the past, our experience with integrating and managing acquired
businesses is still limited. Acquisitions involve challenges and risks in negotiation, execution, valuation and integration. Moreover, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition opportunities on terms that are acceptable to us or if we do, we
may be delayed or unsuccessful in completing the transaction. We could assume the economic risks of such failed or unsuccessful acquisitions. Even if successfully negotiated, closed and integrated, certain acquisitions may not advance our business
strategy, may fall short of expected return-on-investment targets or may fail. In addition, we may be exposed to unknown or unanticipated costs and liabilities, including litigation, against the companies we acquire. Any future acquisition could
involve the aforementioned or numerous other risks and we may not be successful in addressing these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with any attempted acquisitions. Our failure to address these risks or other problems could
cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Undetected product or service errors or defects could result in the loss of revenues, delayed market acceptance of our products or services or claims
against us. We offer a variety of Internet-based services and software products, which are complex and frequently upgraded. Our
Internet-based services and software products may contain undetected errors, defects, failures or viruses, especially when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. Despite product testing, our products, or third-party
products that we incorporate into our products, may contain undetected errors, defects or viruses that could, among other things: • require us to make extensive changes to our subscription services or software products, which would increase our expenses; • expose us to claims for damages; • require us to incur additional technical support costs; • cause a negative registered user reaction that could reduce future sales; • generate negative publicity regarding us and our subscription services and software products; or • result in subscribers delaying their subscription or software purchase or electing not to renew their subscriptions. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition and results of operations. Privacy concerns could require us to incur significant expense and modify our operations or future plans in a manner that could result in restrictions
and prohibitions on our use of certain information, and therefore harm our business. As part of our business, we make biographical
and historical data available through our websites, we use registered users’ personal data for internal purposes and we host websites and message boards, among other things, that contain content supplied by third parties. In addition, in
connection with our AncestryDNA testing services, we obtain biological DNA samples used for genetic testing. For privacy or security reasons, privacy groups, governmental agencies and individuals may seek to restrict or prevent our use or
publication of certain biological or historical information pertaining to individuals, particularly living persons. Because most of our genetic testing of DNA samples is outsourced to third-party service providers, we have less control over privacy
and security measures. If our third-party DNA testing providers fail to comply with privacy and security standards, as required pursuant to the terms of our agreements with such providers, this could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. We also face additional privacy issues as we expand into other international markets, as many nations have privacy protections more stringent than those in the United States, particularly in Europe
where privacy laws continue to become more expansive. The protection of consumer privacy has also increasingly become a focus of U.S. regulators, and the impact of recent and potential future enhanced privacy protections in the United States is
uncertain. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, expenses to comply with privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations. Increased domestic or international regulation
of data utilization and distribution practices, including self-regulation, could require us to modify our operations and incur significant expense, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. If our users’ private content were to become publicly available or, if third parties were able to gain unauthorized access to such content, in particular the new DNA testing information, we may face liability and harm to our brand
and reputation. Our possession and use of personal information presents
risks that could harm our business. Unauthorized disclosure or use of such data, whether through breach of our network security or otherwise, could expose us to significant liability and damage our reputation. Maintaining the security of our information technology and network systems infrastructure, including the cloud computing services that we use,
is of critical importance because we handle confidential subscriber, registered user, employee and other sensitive data, such as names, addresses, credit card numbers and genetic and other personal information. In addition, our online systems
include the content that our registered users upload onto our websites, such as family records and photos. This content is often personally meaningful, and our registered users may rely on our online system to store digital copies of such content.
If we were to lose such content, if our users’ private content were to become publicly available or if third parties were able to gain unauthorized access to such content, we may face liability and harm to our brand and reputation. 16 Table of Contents Almost all of our subscribers use credit and debit cards to purchase our products and services.
If we or our processing vendors were to have problems with our billing systems, it could have an adverse effect on our subscriber satisfaction and could cause one or more of the major credit card companies to disallow our continued use of their
payment services. In addition, if our billing system fails to work properly and, as a result, we do not charge our subscribers’ credit cards on a timely basis or at all, our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations
could be materially affected. We and our vendors use commercially available encryption technology to transmit personal information when
taking orders. We use security and business controls to limit access and use of personal information, including registered users’ uploaded content. However, third parties may be able to circumvent these security and business measures, including
by developing and deploying viruses, worms and other malicious software programs that are designed to attack or attempt to infiltrate our systems and networks. In addition, employee error, vendor error, malfeasance or other errors in the storage,
use or transmission of personal information could result in data loss, theft of subscriber information or a breach of registered user or employee privacy. There can be no assurances that we will be able to continue to operate our facilities and customer service and sales operations in accordance
with industry practices, such as Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards. Even if we remain compliant with those standards, we may not be able to prevent security breaches involving customer data. If we experience a security breach or other
lapse in the handling of confidential information, the incident could give rise to risks including data loss, litigation and liability, and could harm our reputation or disrupt our operations, any of which could materially adversely affect our
business. In addition, various states and countries have differing laws regarding protection of customer privacy and confidential information, including notification requirements in the event of certain breaches or losses of information. Privacy
laws continue to become more far-reaching, particularly in Europe, and consumer privacy has also become an area of enhanced focus in the United States. The impact of expanded laws and regulatory action is still uncertain and we may be required to
adapt quickly to changes in the regulatory landscape. Efforts to comply with these laws and regulations increase our costs of doing business, and failure to achieve compliance could result in substantial liability to our business and harm our
reputation. In the event of a security breach or loss of confidential information, we could be subject to fines, penalties, damages and other remedies under applicable laws, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation,
business, operating results and financial condition. If third parties improperly obtain and use the personal information of our
registered users or employees, we may be required to expend significant resources in efforts to address these problems. A major breach of our network security and systems, including the cloud computing services that we use, could have serious
negative consequences for our businesses, including possible fines, penalties and damages, reduced demand for our products and services, an unwillingness of subscribers to provide us with their credit card or payment information, an unwillingness of
registered users to upload family records or photos onto our websites, harm to our reputation and brand and loss of our ability to accept and process subscriber credit card orders. Similarly, if a well-publicized breach of data security at any other
major consumer website were to occur, there could be a general public loss of confidence in the use of the Internet for commercial transactions. Any of these events could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, we may have inadequate insurance coverage to compensate for any related losses. Any claims related to activities of
registered users and the content they upload could result in expenses that could harm our results of operations and financial condition. Our registered users often upload their own content onto our websites. The terms of use of such content are set forth in the terms and
conditions of our websites and a submission agreement to which registered users must agree when they upload their content. Disputes or negative publicity about the use of such content could make users more reluctant to upload personal content or
harm our reputation. We do not review or monitor content uploaded by our registered users, and could face claims arising from or liability for making any such content available on our websites. In addition, our collaboration tools and other features
of our site allow subscribers to contact each other. While subscribers can choose to remain anonymous in such communications, subscribers may choose to engage with one another without anonymity. If any such contact were to lead to fraud or other
harm, we may face claims against us and negative publicity. Litigation to defend these claims or efforts to counter any negative publicity could be costly and any other liabilities we incur in connection with any such claims may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Increases in credit card processing fees would increase our
operating expenses and materially adversely affect our results of operations, and the termination of our relationship with any major credit card company could have a severe, negative impact on our ability to collect revenues from subscribers. The majority of our subscribers pay for our products and services using credit cards. From time to time, the major credit card
companies or the issuing banks may increase the fees that they charge for each transaction using their cards. An increase in those fees would require us to increase the prices we charge for our products and services or negatively impact our
profitability, either of which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our
credit card fees may be increased by credit card companies if our chargeback rate or the refund rate exceeds certain thresholds. If we are unable to maintain our chargeback rate at acceptable levels, our credit card fees for chargeback transactions,
or for 17 Table of Contents all credit card transactions, may be increased, and, if the problem significantly worsens, credit card companies may further increase our fees or terminate their relationships with us. Any
increases in our credit card fees could adversely affect our results of operations, particularly if we elect not to raise our subscription rates to offset the increase. The termination of our ability to process payments on any major credit or debit
card would significantly impair our ability to collect revenues from subscribers. If government regulation of the Internet or other areas of our
business changes, we may need to change the way we conduct our business in a manner that is less profitable or incur greater operating expenses, which could harm our results of operations. The adoption, modification or interpretation of laws or regulations relating to the Internet or other areas of our business could adversely
affect the manner in which we conduct our business or the overall popularity or growth in use of the Internet. Such laws and regulations may cover automatic subscription renewal, credit card processing procedures, sales and other procedures,
tariffs, user privacy, data protection, pricing, content, copyrights, distribution, electronic contracts, consumer protection, net neutrality, broadband residential Internet access and the characteristics and quality of services. In foreign
countries, such as countries in Europe and Asia, such laws may be more restrictive than in the United States. It is not clear how existing laws governing issues such as property ownership, sales and other taxes, libel and personal privacy apply to
the Internet. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses, make it more difficult to renew subscriptions
automatically, make it more difficult to attract new subscribers or otherwise alter our business model. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our revenues may be materially adversely affected if we are required to charge sales taxes in additional jurisdictions and/or other taxes for our
products and services. We collect or have imposed upon us sales or other taxes related to the products and services we sell in
certain states and other jurisdictions. Additional states or one or more countries or other jurisdictions may seek to impose sales or other tax collection obligations on us in the future or states or jurisdictions in which we already collect tax may
increase the amount of taxes we are required to collect. A successful assertion by any country, state or other jurisdiction in which we do business that we should be collecting sales or other taxes on the sale of our products and services could,
among other things, result in substantial tax liabilities for past sales, create significant administrative burdens for us, discourage registered users from purchasing from us or otherwise substantially harm our business and results of operations.
Further, if additional sales or other taxes were imposed in jurisdictions where we do business, we may be unable to fully pass these costs on to our subscribers, which may also harm our business and results of operations. Our Revolving Facility may not be sufficient for our needs, and we may require additional capital for business opportunities, acquisitions or unforeseen
circumstances. If such sources are not available to us, or are not available on acceptable terms, we may not be able to expand and our business and/or our operating results and financial condition may be materially harmed. We intend to continue to make investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business opportunities,
including developing new features and products or enhancing our existing solutions, improving our operating infrastructure or acquiring complementary businesses and technologies. Our Revolving Facility, which provides for $50.0 million of
borrowings, may not be sufficient for our needs. Accordingly, we and/or our parent entities (“the Ancestry Group”) may engage in debt financing to secure additional funds; however, we may not be able to obtain additional financing on terms
favorable to us, if at all. For example, our Second Amended Credit Facility, and the indentures governing the Notes and the PIK Notes contain restrictive covenants relating to capital-raising activities by us and our direct parent, Ancestry.com
Holdings LLC (“Holdings LLC”), and other financial and operational matters, and any debt financing obtained by us or our parent entities in the Ancestry Group in the future could involve further restrictive covenants, which may make it
more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us when we require it, our ability to grow our business and to respond to
business challenges could be significantly impaired, and our business may be materially harmed. We face risks associated with currency exchange
rate fluctuations, which could adversely affect our revenues and operating results. For the year ended December 31, 2014,
approximately 20% of our total revenues earned and approximately 6% of our total expenses incurred were in currencies other than the United States dollar, such as the British pound sterling, the Australian dollar, the Canadian dollar and the Euro.
As a result, we are at risk for exchange rate fluctuations between such foreign currencies and the United States dollar, which could affect our revenues and results of operations. If the U.S. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, the
translation of these foreign currency denominated transactions will result in decreased revenues, operating expenses and net income. We may not be able to offset adverse foreign currency impact with increased subscription pricing or volume. We
attempt to limit our exposure by paying our operating expenses incurred in foreign jurisdictions with revenues received in the applicable currency, but if we do not have enough local currency to pay all our expenses in that currency, we are exposed
to currency exchange rate risk with respect to those expenses. Even if we were to implement hedging strategies to mitigate foreign currency risk, these strategies might not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and would
involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategies and potential accounting implications. Our business may be significantly impacted by a change in the economy, including any resulting effect on consumer spending. Our business may be affected by changes in the economy generally, including any resulting effect on consumer spending specifically. Our
products and services are discretionary purchases, and consumers may reduce their discretionary spending on our 18 Table of Contents products and services during an economic downturn. Although we did not experience a material increase in subscription cancellations or a material reduction in subscription renewals during the
economic downturn, we may yet be impacted if employment and personal income do not continue to improve or if global economic conditions deteriorate. Conversely, consumers may spend more time using the Internet during an economic downturn and may
have less time for our products and services in a period of economic growth. In addition, media prices, including television advertising, are unpredictable and prices may increase if the economy continues to recover or grows, which could
significantly increase our already substantial marketing and advertising expenses. As a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be significantly impacted by changes in the global economy generally. We have made significant estimates and judgments in calculating our income tax provision and other tax assets and liabilities. If these estimates or
judgments are incorrect, our operating results and financial condition may be materially affected. We are subject to regular
review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities. Any adverse outcome of such a review or audit could have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, the determination of our provision for income
taxes and other tax assets and liabilities requires significant judgment, and there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain at the present time. Although we believe our estimates and judgments are
reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may differ from the amounts recorded in our financial statements and may have a material effect on our operating results and financial condition. We earn a significant amount of our operating income from outside the United States, and there have been proposals to change U.S. tax laws
that would significantly impact how we are taxed on foreign earnings. Although we cannot predict whether or in what form any proposed legislation may pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse impact on our future tax expense and cash flow. Expenses or liabilities resulting from litigation could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We have and may become party to various legal proceedings and other claims that arise in the ordinary course of business, or otherwise in the
future. Such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. In addition, any such claims or litigation may be time-consuming and costly, divert management resources, require us to change our products and
services, require us to accept returns of software products or have other adverse effects on our business. While we cannot assure the ultimate outcome of any legal proceeding or contingency in which we are or may become involved, we do not believe
that any pending legal claim or proceeding arising in the ordinary course will be resolved in a manner that would have a material adverse effect on our business. However, if one or more of these legal matters resulted in an adverse monetary judgment
against us, such a judgment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. See also the risk factor “Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant
rights related to, among other things, our websites, content indexes, and marketing and advertising activities” below. Please refer to Item 3 of Part I for more information about the Company’s current legal proceedings. As an “emerging growth company” under the JOBS Act, we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure
requirements. As an “emerging growth company” under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the “JOBS
Act”), we are permitted to, and intend to, rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements. We are an emerging growth company until the earliest of: (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we had total annual gross
revenues of $1 billion or more, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement, (iii) the date on which we have, during
the previous 3-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt or (iv) the date on which we are deemed a “large accelerated issuer” as defined under the federal securities laws. For so long as we remain an emerging
growth company, we will not be required to: • have an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended; and • comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report providing
additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis); and • submit certain executive compensation matters to shareholders advisory votes pursuant to the “say on frequency” and “say on pay” provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve
compensation of certain executive officers) and the “say on golden parachute” provisions (requiring a non-binding shareholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and
certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010; and • include detailed compensation discussion and analysis in our filings under the Exchange Act, and instead may provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation. Although we intend to rely on the exemptions provided in the JOBS Act, the exact implications of the JOBS Act for us are still subject to
interpretations and guidance by the SEC and other regulatory agencies. In addition, as our business grows, we may no longer satisfy the conditions of an emerging growth company. We are currently evaluating and monitoring developments with respect to
these new rules, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to take advantage of all of the benefits from the JOBS Act. 19 Table of Contents In addition, as an “emerging growth company,” we have elected under the JOBS Act to
delay adoption of new or revised accounting pronouncements applicable to public companies until such pronouncements are made applicable to private companies. Therefore, our financial statements may not be comparable to those of companies that comply
with standards that are otherwise applicable to public companies. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness We have a substantial amount of debt, which exposes us to various risks. We have substantial debt, totaling approximately $884.5 million as of December 31, 2014, consisting of approximately $584.5 million under
our Second Amended Credit Facility which matures in 2018 and $300 million in Notes which mature in 2020, and as a result, we have significant debt service obligations. We also have the ability to borrow up to $50.0 million under the Revolving
Facility. Our substantial level of debt and debt service obligations as well as our intention to pay distributions to our parent related to the PIK Notes could have important consequences including: • making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt, which could result in an event of default under the indenture governing the Notes and the agreements governing our other debt,
including the Second Amended Credit Facility; • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, debt service requirements and other general corporate
requirements; • increasing our vulnerability to general economic downturns and industry conditions, which could place us at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that are less leveraged and can therefore take advantage of
opportunities that our leverage prevents us from pursuing; • potentially allowing increases in floating interest rates to negatively impact our cash flows; • having our financing documents place restrictions on the manner in which we conduct our business, including restrictions on our ability to pay dividends, make investments, incur additional debt and sell assets; and • reducing the amount of our cash flows available to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, other debt obligations and other general corporate requirements, because we will be
required to use a substantial portion of our cash flows to service debt obligations. The occurrence of any one of these
events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and ability to satisfy our obligations under our debt. Our direct parent, Holdings LLC, has issued $400.0 million in senior unsecured PIK Notes. In addition to servicing our debt, we intend to pay
distributions to Holdings LLC related to the PIK Notes, which may exacerbate the risks associated with our debt under the Second Amended Credit Facility and the Notes. Our direct parent, Holdings LLC, has issued a total of $400.0 million of 9.625%/10.375% senior unsecured PIK Notes, which mature on
October 15, 2018. Holdings LLC is a holding company with no material operations and limited assets other than its ownership of the membership interests of Ancestry.com LLC. While covenants in our Second Amended Credit Facility and the indenture
governing the Notes limit the amount of cash that we are able to distribute to our parent companies, to the extent cash is available, we intend to pay distributions to Holdings LLC related to the PIK Notes. Paying cash distributions to our parent
will reduce the amount of cash available to pay our debt obligations. Paying cash distributions to our parent could also compound the consequences and risks of our debt and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations, prospects and ability to satisfy our obligations under the Second Amended Credit Facility and the Notes. Despite current
debt levels, we and/or other members of the Ancestry Group may still be able to incur substantially more debt. This could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial leverage. We and/or other members of the Ancestry Group may be able to, and may, incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, in the
future. Although our Second Amended Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Notes and the PIK Notes contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional debt and the ability to make payments to related entities to fund their debt
obligations, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and any debt we incur in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. If we incur additional debt on top of our current debt levels,
this would exacerbate the risks related to our substantial debt levels. Furthermore, as we increase our debt level and/or incur indebtedness that is contractually or structurally subordinated to our other indebtedness, we may be required to pay
higher interest rates on additional debt, which would increase our cost of capital and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our debt agreements include covenants that restrict our ability to operate our
business, and this may impede our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take certain important actions. Our Second
Amended Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Notes and PIK Notes each contain, and the terms of any of our future debt would likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions,
including restrictions on our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best long-term interests. For example, the credit agreement governing our Second Amended Credit Facility and the indentures governing the Notes and PIK Notes restrict our and
our subsidiaries’ ability to: • incur additional debt; 20 Table of Contents • pay dividends on our capital stock and make other restricted payments; • make investments and acquisitions; • engage in transactions with our affiliates; • sell assets; • make acquisitions or merge; and • create liens. In addition, our Second Amended Credit Facility requires us to comply with a
total net secured leverage covenant tested both quarterly and upon drawdown when the outstanding loans and letters of credit under our Revolving Facility exceed $15.0 million. These restrictions could limit our ability to obtain future financings,
make needed capital expenditures, respond to and withstand future downturns in our business or the economy in general or otherwise conduct corporate activities that may be necessary or desirable. We may also be prevented from taking advantage of
business opportunities that arise because of limitations imposed on us by these restrictive covenants. In addition, it may be costly or time-consuming for us to obtain any necessary waiver or amendment of these covenants, or we may not be able to
obtain a waiver or amendment on any terms. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our Second Amended Credit
Facility or the Notes, as the case may be, that would allow lenders or noteholders to declare our outstanding debt immediately due and payable. If we are unable to pay those amounts because we do not have sufficient cash on hand or are unable to
obtain alternative financing on acceptable terms, the lenders or noteholders could initiate a bankruptcy proceeding or, in the case of our Second Amended Credit Facility, proceed against any assets that serve as collateral to secure such debt. We will require a significant amount of cash to service our debt, and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control. Our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will primarily depend upon our future operating performance and decisions we make with
regards to operating our business. As a result, prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, will affect our ability to make these payments to satisfy our debt obligations. If we do not generate cash flow from operations sufficient to pay our debt service obligations, we may have to undertake alternative financing
plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital
markets and our financial condition at that time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. The terms of existing or
future debt instruments may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives, which in turn could exacerbate the effects of any failure to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations. In addition, any failure to make
payments of interest and principal on our outstanding debt on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional debt on acceptable terms and may materially adversely affect the
price of the Notes. Furthermore, there currently is not a well-established secondary market for our assets. The lack of a secondary market may make the sale of our assets challenging, and the sale of assets should not be viewed as a significant
source of funding. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations or to refinance our obligations
on commercially reasonable terms or at all, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to business
changes or to take certain actions, as well as on our ability to satisfy our obligations. Variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate
risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly. Certain of our borrowings, primarily borrowings
under our Second Amended Credit Facility, will be at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. As such, our cash flows are sensitive to movements in interest rates. There are many economic factors outside our control that have
in the past, and may in the future, impact rates of interest, including publicly announced indices that underlie the interest obligations related to a certain portion of our debt. The condition of the financial markets and prevailing interest rates
have fluctuated in the past and are likely to fluctuate in the future. Factors that impact interest rates include domestic or international governmental monetary policies, inflation, recession, changes in unemployment, the money supply,
international disorder and instability in domestic and foreign financial markets. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our
cash flows would decrease. Such increases in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 21 Table of Contents The Notes are not secured by our assets, which means the lenders under any of our secured debt, including
our Second Amended Credit Facility, will have priority over holders of the Notes to the extent of the value of the assets securing that debt. The Notes and the related guarantees are unsecured. This means they are effectively subordinated in right of payment to all of our and the
guarantors’ secured debt, including our Second Amended Credit Facility, to the extent of the value of the assets securing that debt. Loans under our Second Amended Credit Facility are secured by substantially all of our and the guarantors’
assets (subject to certain exceptions). As of December 31, 2014, we had approximately $452.5 million and $132.0 million outstanding under the Amended Term B-1 Loan and Amended Term B-2 Loan, respectively; and $50.0 million of availability under
the Revolving Facility. Furthermore, the indenture governing the Notes allows us to incur additional secured debt. See Note 7 in our Consolidated Financial Statements and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit Facility” for a further description of the terms of the Second Amended Credit Facility. If we become insolvent or are liquidated, or if payment under our Second Amended Credit Facility or any other secured debt is accelerated, the
lenders under our Second Amended Credit Facility and holders of other secured debt will be entitled to exercise the remedies available to secured lenders under applicable law (in addition to any remedies that may be available under documents
pertaining to our Second Amended Credit Facility or other senior debt). For example, the secured lenders could foreclose upon and sell assets in which they have been granted a security interest to the exclusion of the holders of the Notes, even if
an event of default exists under the indenture governing the Notes at that time. Any funds generated by the sale of those assets would be used first to pay amounts owing under secured debt, and any remaining funds, whether from those assets or any
unsecured assets, may be insufficient to pay obligations owing under the Notes. The Notes are structurally subordinated to the debt and other
liabilities of our non-guarantor subsidiaries, including certain of our foreign subsidiaries. Certain of our existing or future
foreign subsidiaries do not guarantee the Notes, and only the Company and all of the Company’s direct and indirect existing and future restricted subsidiaries (except excluded subsidiaries) that guarantee any indebtedness of Ancestry.com Inc.
or any guarantor, or incur indebtedness under a credit facility, in each case, subject to certain exceptions, guarantee the Notes. This means the Notes are structurally subordinated to the debt and other liabilities of these non-guarantor
subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2014, our non-guarantor subsidiaries had no debt outstanding (excluding intercompany debt). Our non-guarantor subsidiaries may, in the future, incur substantial additional liabilities, including debt.
Furthermore, we may, under certain circumstances described in the indenture governing the Notes, designate subsidiaries to be unrestricted subsidiaries, and any subsidiary that is designated as unrestricted will not guarantee the Notes. In the event
of our non-guarantor subsidiaries’ bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or similar proceeding, the assets of those non-guarantor subsidiaries will not be available to pay obligations on the Notes until after all of
the liabilities (including trade payables) of those non-guarantor subsidiaries have been paid in full. We may not have the ability to raise the
funds necessary to finance the change of control offer required by the indenture governing the Notes. Upon the occurrence of
certain change of control events, we will be required to offer to repurchase all of the Notes. A change of control would also give the holders of the Notes the right to require us to repurchase those Notes. Our Second Amended Credit Facility
provides that certain change of control events (including a change of control as defined in the indenture governing the Notes) constitute a default. Any future credit agreement or other debt agreement would likely contain similar provisions. If we
experience a change of control that triggers a default under our Second Amended Credit Facility, we could seek a waiver of that default or seek to refinance those facilities. In the event we do not obtain a waiver or complete a refinancing, the
default could result in amounts outstanding under those facilities being declared immediately due and payable. In the event we experience a change of control that requires us to repurchase the Notes, we may not have sufficient financial resources to
satisfy all of our obligations under our Second Amended Credit Facility and the Notes. A failure to make a required change of control offer or to pay a change of control purchase price when due would result in a default under the indenture governing
the Notes. In addition, the change of control and other covenants in the indenture governing the Notes do not cover all corporate
reorganizations, mergers or similar transactions and may not provide holders with protection in a transaction, including one that would substantially increase our leverage. The ability of holders of the Notes to require us to repurchase the Notes as a result of a disposition of “substantially all” of our assets or
a change in the composition of our Operating Committee is uncertain. The definition of change of control in the indenture
governing the Notes includes the sale, assignment, lease, conveyance or other disposition of “substantially all” of our and our subsidiaries’ assets, taken as a whole. Although there is a limited body of case law interpreting the
phrase “substantially all,” there is no precise established definition of the phrase. Accordingly, the ability of a holder of the Notes to require us to repurchase such Notes as a result of a sale, assignment, lease, conveyance or other
disposition of less than all of our and our subsidiaries’ assets, taken as a whole, to another person or group is uncertain. In addition, a recent Delaware Chancery Court decision raised questions about the enforceability of provisions that are
similar to those in the indenture governing the Notes, related to the triggering of a change of control as a result of a change in the composition of a board of directors or similar governing body. Accordingly, the ability of a holder of Notes to
require us to repurchase Notes as a result of a change in the composition of the members of our Operating Committee is uncertain. 22 Table of Contents Federal and state statutes allow courts, under specific circumstances, to void guarantees of the Notes. In
such event, holders of Notes would be structurally subordinated to creditors of the issuer of the voided guarantee. Federal and
state statutes allow courts, under specific circumstances, to void guarantees, subordinate claims under the guarantees to the guarantor’s other debt or take other action detrimental to holders of the guarantees of the Notes. Under the federal
bankruptcy law and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer laws, the guarantees made by the guarantors could be voided or subordinated to other debt if, among other things: • any guarantor issued the guarantee to delay, hinder or defraud present or future creditors; or • any guarantor received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for issuing such guarantee and, at the time it issued its guarantee, any guarantor: • was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such incurrence; • was engaged in a business or transaction for which such guarantor’s remaining unencumbered assets constituted unreasonably small capital; • intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature; or • was a defendant in an action for money damages, or had a judgment for money damages docketed against it if, in either case, after final judgment, the judgment is unsatisfied. Among other things, a legal challenge of a guarantee on fraudulent conveyance grounds may focus on the benefits, if any, realized by the
guarantor as a result of our issuance of the Notes. The measures of insolvency for purposes of these fraudulent transfer laws will vary depending upon the law applied in any proceeding to determine whether a fraudulent transfer has occurred.
Generally, however, a guarantor would be considered insolvent if, at the time it incurred the debt, • the sum of its debts is greater than the fair value of all of its assets; • the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required in order to pay its probable liability on its existing debts and liabilities, including contingent liabilities, as they
become absolute and mature; or • it could not pay or is generally not paying its debts as they become due. There is no way to
predict with certainty what standards a court would apply to determine whether a guarantor was solvent at the relevant time. It is possible that a court could view the issuance of guarantees as a fraudulent conveyance. To the extent that a guarantee
were to be voided as a fraudulent conveyance or were to be held unenforceable for any other reason, holders of the Notes would cease to have any claim in respect of the guarantor and would be creditors solely of ours and of the guarantors whose
guarantees had not been avoided or held unenforceable. In this event, the claims of the holders of the Notes against the issuer of an invalid guarantee would be subject to the prior payment in full of all other liabilities of the guarantor
thereunder. After providing for all prior claims, there may not be sufficient assets to satisfy the claims of the holders of the Notes relating to the voided guarantees. Although each guarantee entered into by a guarantor will contain a provision
intended to limit that guarantor’s liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent transfer, this provision may not be effective to protect those
guarantees from being voided under fraudulent transfer law, or may reduce that guarantor’s obligation to an amount that effectively makes its guarantee worthless. In a Florida bankruptcy case, this kind of provision was found to be
unenforceable and, as a result, the subsidiary guarantees in that case were found to be fraudulent conveyances. We do not know if that case will be followed if there is litigation on this point under the indenture for the Notes. However, if it is
followed, the risk that the guarantees will be found to be fraudulent conveyances will be significantly increased. We are owned and controlled by
funds advised by Permira, and the funds’ interests as equity holders may conflict with the interests of note holders. We are
indirectly controlled by funds advised by Permira, who have the ability to control our policies and operations. The interests of the funds may not in all cases be aligned with the interests of note holders. For example, if we encounter financial
difficulties or are unable to pay our debts as they mature, the interests of our equity holders might conflict with the interests of note holders. In addition, our equity holders may have an interest in pursuing acquisitions, divestitures,
financings or other transactions that, in their judgment, could enhance their equity investments, even when those transactions involve risks to holders of the Notes. Furthermore, funds advised by Permira may in the future own businesses that
directly or indirectly compete with us. Funds advised by Permira also may pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. 23 Table of Contents A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may impair our
ability to obtain future borrowings at similar costs and reduce our access to capital. The Notes currently have a non-investment
grade rating. In the future, any ratings agency may lower a given rating, if that rating agency judges that our business, the economic environment or other future circumstances so warrant, and a ratings downgrade would likely materially adversely
affect the price of the Notes. A ratings agency may also decide to withdraw its rating of the Notes entirely, which would impede their liquidity and materially adversely affect their price. During any period in which the Notes are rated investment grade, certain covenants contained in the indenture will not be applicable; however, there is
no assurance that the Notes will be rated investment grade. The indenture governing the Notes provides that certain covenants will
not apply to us during any period in which the Notes are rated investment grade from each of Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s and no default has otherwise occurred and is continuing under the indenture. The covenants that would be
suspended include, among others, limitations on our restricted subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends, incur indebtedness, sell certain assets and enter into certain other transactions. Any actions that we take while these covenants are not in
force will be permitted even if the Notes are subsequently downgraded below investment grade and such covenants are subsequently reinstated. Investors should be aware that the Notes may never become rated investment grade and we do not expect the
Notes to become investment grade. If they do become rated investment grade, the Notes may not maintain those ratings. The Notes are only guaranteed
by entities that also guarantee our Second Amended Credit Facility. Therefore, certain current and future subsidiaries of the Company that are considered controlled foreign corporations and certain other subsidiaries that are not required to
guarantee the Second Amended Credit Facility will not provide guarantees of the Second Amended Credit Facility and will not guarantee the Notes. Certain current and future U.S. and non-U.S. indirect subsidiaries of the Company are considered to be controlled foreign corporations. These
subsidiaries will not provide guarantees of the Second Amended Credit Facility and, therefore, will not provide guarantees of the Notes. Furthermore, certain other subsidiaries of the Company will not be required to provide guarantees of the Second
Amended Credit Facility and, unless they guarantee other indebtedness of ours or the guarantors, will not guarantee the Notes. A substantial
portion of our assets are owned, and a substantial portion of our revenue is generated, by guarantors organized outside the United States. Foreign laws applicable to such guarantors might not be as favorable to note holders as analogous United
States federal and state laws. A substantial portion of our assets are owned by non-U.S. guarantors. As a result of their
jurisdiction of organization, laws other than United States federal and state law may apply to such entities in connection with, among other things, their liquidation or dissolution and the validity and enforceability of their guarantees of the
Notes. We can give no assurance of which jurisdiction’s insolvency law will be applied in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of a foreign guarantor of the Notes. The procedural and substantive provisions of foreign insolvency laws are
different from and, in certain jurisdictions, may be less favorable to holders of the Notes than comparable provisions of U.S. insolvency law. Further, pursuant to foreign insolvency law, a foreign guarantor’s liability under its guarantee may
rank junior to certain debts entitled to priority under applicable law, which would not be entitled to a similar priority under U.S. insolvency law. Such debts could include, among others, amounts owed to foreign governments, amounts owed to
employees such as wages, salary and holiday remuneration, amounts owed in respect of pension scheme contributions, social security contributions or contracts of insurance, and payments pursuant to applicable workers’ compensation laws. As a
result, there can be no assurance that, in the event of a liquidation or insolvency of a foreign guarantor of the Notes, note holders will be able to realize upon the guarantee of such foreign guarantor to the same extent as if such foreign
guarantor was organized under the laws of a U.S. jurisdiction. The laws of such foreign jurisdictions might also be applied to hold the guarantee of a foreign guarantor void and unenforceable in connection with a liquidation or otherwise. Such
foreign laws may also be used to hold a payment made under a guarantee to be void and refundable. Accordingly, the guarantee of a foreign guarantor could be held void and unenforceable under applicable foreign law in a situation in which, if foreign
law did not apply, the same guarantee would be enforceable under applicable U.S. federal and state law. The guarantees of the foreign guarantors may also be held void under certain foreign laws if it is determined that the company issuing the
guarantee does not receive sufficient commercial benefit for doing so. If there is insufficient commercial benefit, the beneficiary of the guarantee may not be able to rely on the authority of the directors of that company to grant the guarantee,
and accordingly a court may set aside the guarantee at the request of, among others, the company’s shareholders or a liquidator. Although we believe that the guarantee of each foreign guarantor is enforceable and that each guarantor has
received sufficient commercial benefit from issuing its guarantee, we cannot assure you that a foreign court would agree with our conclusion and not hold such guarantee to be void under applicable foreign law. The Issuer is a holding company, and its ability to make any required payment
on the Notes is dependent on the operations of, and the distribution of funds from, its and Parent’s subsidiaries. The
Issuer’s and Parent’s subsidiaries conduct substantially all of our operations and own all of our operating assets. Therefore, the Issuer depends on dividends and other distributions from its and Parent’s subsidiaries to generate the
funds necessary to meet its obligations, including its required obligations under the Notes. Moreover, each of our subsidiaries is a legally distinct entity and, other than those of our subsidiaries that are guarantors of the Notes, have no
obligation to pay amounts due pursuant to the Notes or to make any of their funds or other assets available for these payments. Although the indenture governing the Notes limits the ability of the 24 Table of Contents restricted subsidiaries to enter into consensual restrictions on their ability to pay dividends and make other payments, these limitations have a number of significant qualifications and
exceptions, including provisions contained in the indenture governing the Notes and the Second Amended Credit Facility that restrict the ability of the restricted subsidiaries to make dividends and distributions or otherwise transfer any of their
assets to the Issuer. The Notes may trade at a discount from par. The Notes may trade at a discount from their initial offering price due to a number of potential factors, including not only our financial
condition, performance and prospects, but also many that are not directly related to us, such as a lack of liquidity in trading of the Notes, prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and prospects for
companies in our industry generally. In addition, the liquidity of the trading market in the Notes and the market prices quoted for the Notes may be materially adversely affected by changes in the overall market for high-yield securities. Risks Related to Intellectual Property If our
intellectual property and technologies are not adequately protected to prevent use or appropriation by our competitors, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished, and our business may be materially affected. Our future success and competitive position depend in part on our ability to protect our proprietary technologies and intellectual property. We
rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as on the protections afforded by trademark, copyright, patent
and trade secret law, to protect our proprietary technologies and intellectual property. Because certain of our trademarks contain words or terms that have an arguably common usage, we may have difficulty registering them in certain jurisdictions.
Although we possess intellectual property rights in some aspects of our digital content, search technology, software products and digitization and indexing processes, our digital content is not protected by any registered copyrights or other
registered intellectual property or statutory rights. Rather, our digital content is protected by user agreements that limit access to and use of our data, as well as by certain proprietary and non-proprietary technology and software. However,
compliance with the use restrictions is difficult to monitor, and any technology or software that we deploy to protect our digital content may prove to be inadequate for such purpose. In addition, our proprietary rights in our digital content
databases may be more difficult to enforce than other forms of intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that the steps we
take will be adequate to protect our technologies and intellectual property, that our patent and trademark applications will lead to issued patents and registered trademarks in all instances, that others will not develop or patent similar or
superior technologies, products or services, or that our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by others. Furthermore, the intellectual property laws of other countries at which our
websites are or may in the future be directed, may not protect our products and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. The legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of
intellectual property rights in Internet-related industries are uncertain and still evolving, both in the United States and in other countries. In addition, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe our patents, trademarks and other
intellectual property rights, and litigation may be necessary to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights. Any such litigation could be very costly and could divert management attention and resources. If the protection of our
technologies and intellectual property is inadequate to prevent use or appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished and competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our subscription
services and methods of operations. Any of these events would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We also expect that the more successful we are, the more likely it will become that competitors will try to develop products that are similar
to ours, which may infringe on our proprietary rights. It may also be more likely that competitors will claim that our products and services infringe on their proprietary rights. If we are unable to protect our proprietary rights or if third parties
independently develop or gain access to our or similar technologies, our business, revenues, reputation and competitive position could be harmed. Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information. Failure
to protect our proprietary information could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products and harm our business. A substantial amount of our tools and technologies are protected by trade secret laws. In order to protect our proprietary technologies and
processes, we rely in part on security measures, as well as confidentiality agreements with our employees, licensees, independent contractors and other advisors. These measures and agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential
information, including trade secrets, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. We could lose future trade secret protection if any unauthorized disclosure of such information occurs.
In addition, others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases, we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Laws regarding trade secret rights in certain markets in which we
operate may afford little or no protection to our trade secrets. The loss of trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality. In addition, any changes in or unexpected
interpretations of the trade secret and other intellectual property laws in any country in which we operate may compromise our ability to enforce our trade secret and intellectual property rights. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be
necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could materially affect our business, revenues, reputation and competitive position. 25 Table of Contents Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights
related to, among other things, our websites, content indexes, and marketing and advertising activities. Trademark, copyright,
patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technologies, business processes and the content on our websites. We use intellectual property licensed from third
parties in merchandising our products and marketing and advertising our services. From time to time, third parties may allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. If there is a valid claim against us for infringement,
misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property rights, and we are unable to obtain sufficient rights or develop non-infringing intellectual property or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis, our
business and competitive position may be adversely affected. Many companies are devoting significant resources to obtaining patents that could affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim means and methods of
conducting business on the Internet. We have not exhaustively searched patents relevant to our technologies and business. If we are forced to defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, whether they are with or without merit
or are determined in our favor, we may face costly litigation, diversion of technical and management personnel, limitations on our ability to use our current websites or inability to market or provide our products or services. As a result of any
such dispute, we may have to develop non-infringing technology, pay damages, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, cease providing certain products or services, adjust our merchandizing or marketing and advertising activities or take other
actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us. In addition, many of our co-branding, distribution and other partnering agreements require us to indemnify our partners for
third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling in such an action. In
addition, as a publisher of online content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement or other claims based on the nature and content of data and materials that we publish or distribute. These claims
could arise with respect to both institutional and user-generated content. Litigation to defend these claims could be costly and any other liabilities we incur in connection with the claims may have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to protect our domain names, our reputation and brand could be affected adversely,
which may negatively impact our ability to compete. We have registered domain names for website destinations that we use in our
business, such as Ancestry.com, Ancestry.co.uk, Archives.com and Fold3.com. However, if we are unable to maintain our rights in these domain names, our competitors could capitalize on our brand recognition by using these domain names for their own
benefit. In addition, our competitors could capitalize on our brand recognition by using domain names similar to ours. Domain names similar to ours have been registered in the United States and elsewhere, and in many countries the top-level domain
names “ancestry,” “archives” or “genealogy” are owned by other parties. Although we own the “ancestry.co.uk” domain name in the United Kingdom, we might not be able to, or may choose not to, acquire or
maintain other country-specific versions of the “ancestry,” “archives” and “genealogy” domain names. Further, the relationship between regulations governing domain names and laws protecting trademarks and similar
proprietary rights varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and is unclear in some jurisdictions. We may be unable to prevent third parties from acquiring and using domain names that infringe on, are similar to, or otherwise decrease the value of,
our brand or our trademarks or service marks. Protecting and enforcing our rights in our domain names and determining the rights of others may require litigation, which could result in substantial costs and divert management attention. We may not
prevail if any such litigation is initiated. 