. Our business and its future performance may be affected by various factors, the most significant of which are discussed below. General Risks We have incurred losses in most of our years of operation, and we may never be profitable again. With the exception of the years 2008, 2009 and 2010, we have incurred losses in each year of our existence. As of December 31, 2014, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $21,861,000. The Company’s prospects in our ancillary network business must be considered in light of the numerous risks, expenses, delays and difficulties frequently encountered in an industry characterized by intense competition, as well as the risks inherent in our new management arrangement with HealthSmart. No assurances can be given that the current operating volumes in our ancillary network business will not continue to decline in the future. Our continuing losses will also continue to reduce our available cash. We have recently changed our business strategy and are focusing on developing and operating an urgent and primary care business. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in this effort and that it will not cause us to incur additional losses. If we are unable to reduce or eliminate the losses in our ancillary network business and operate our urgent and primary care business profitability, we might be required to seek access to additional capital either through debt or equity markets. If additional financing is required, there can be no assurance that we would be successful in obtaining sufficient capital financing on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or, if we did obtain capital financing, that it would not be dilutive to current stockholders. The lingering effects of the economic recession could materially adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The United States economy continues to experience the negative effects from a severe economic recession. Although certain healthcare spending is considered non-discretionary and may not be significantly impacted by economic downturns, other types of healthcare spending may be adversely impacted by such conditions. When patients are experiencing personal financial difficulties or have concerns about general economic conditions, they may choose: · to defer or forego elective surgeries and other non-emergent procedures; or · a high-deductible insurance plan or no insurance at all. We are unable to determine the specific impact of these economic conditions on our business at this time, but we believe that the lingering effects of the economic recession could have an adverse impact on our operations and could impact not only the healthcare decisions of our patients, but also the solvency of ancillary service providers and other counterparties to transactions with us. We depend on our senior management and may not be able to retain those employees or recruit additional qualified personnel. We depend on our senior management team. We rely on the extensive experience of our management team across the healthcare, retail and hospitality sectors as well as extensive knowledge of healthcare operations and center acquisitions. The loss of services of any of the members of our senior management team could adversely affect our business until a suitable replacement can be found. There may be a limited number of persons with the requisite skills to serve in these positions, and we cannot assure you that we would be able to identify or employ such qualified personnel on acceptable terms. Our business depends on numerous complex information systems, and any failure to successfully maintain these systems or implement new systems could materially harm our operations. We depend on complex, integrated information systems and standardized procedures for operational and financial information. We may not have the necessary resources to enhance existing information systems or implement new systems where necessary to handle our needs. Furthermore, we may experience unanticipated delays, complications and expenses in implementing, integrating and operating our systems. Any interruptions in operations during periods of implementation would adversely affect our ability to properly allocate resources and process information in a timely manner, which could result in customer dissatisfaction and delayed cash flow. In addition, our technology systems, or a disruption in the operation of such systems, could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering. The failure to successfully implement and maintain operational, financial and billing information systems could have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain new business, retain existing business and maintain or increase our profit margins. 16 A failure in or a breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of the third party vendors and other service providers or other third parties with which we transact business, including as a result of cyber attacks, could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs or cause losses. We rely on communications and information systems to conduct our business. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, and terrorists, activists, and other external parties. Our business, financial, accounting, and data processing systems, or other operating systems and facilities may stop operating properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. Although we have information security procedures and controls in place, our technologies, systems and networks and our payors’ systems may become the target of cyber attacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss, or destruction of our or our payors’ or other third parties’ confidential information. Although we have disaster recovery and other policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or security breach of our information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if, they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed. We may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure or operating systems that support our business, or cyber attacks or security breaches of our networks, systems or devices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. We cannot assure you that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies do not exist or that they will not occur in the future. If our internal control over financial reporting or our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud, which may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information and may lead to a decline in our stock price. A "material weakness" is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Based on the results of management’s assessment and evaluation of our internal controls, our CEO and CFO concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective due to the material weaknesses described below. In connection with the relocation of our corporate headquarters from Dallas, Texas to Atlanta, Georgia, we received resignation notices from our then-serving CFO and Principal Accounting Officer. We later learned that none of the other members of our accounting or finance divisions would be moving with the Company to our new headquarters in Atlanta, Georgia. Although we appointed individuals to serve as interim CFO and principal accounting officer, both assumed these positions in addition to their existing roles as officers of the Company. Our lack of executive officers dedicated principally to accounting coupled with the loss of virtually all our finance and accounting staff, left us without the necessary expertise on staff to address our more complex accounting matters and also resulted in routine year-end accounting processes and procedures not being timely performed. Our acquisition of our urgent and primary care centers placed additional stress on our accounting controls. At the time of our acquisition of those centers, none employed full-time, dedicated accounting personnel, only two maintained their books and records on an accrual basis of accounting, and none had effective internal controls over financial reporting. Furthermore, four of the five of the transactions were closed in the second half of 2014. The timing of these acquisitions, combined with center-level accounting challenges and the issues created by our personnel deficiencies, rendered us unable to appropriately implement adequate processes and procedures to effectively exercise internal controls at the clinic level. Our management also has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective such that the information relating to our Company required to be disclosed in the reports we file with the SEC (a) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (b) is accumulated and communicated to our management to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. If we do not successfully remediate the material weaknesses described above, or if other material weaknesses or other deficiencies arise in the future, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and require restatement which could result in the loss of investor confidence, delisting or cause the market price of our common stock to decline. We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights that are material to our business, or to defend successfully against intellectual property infringement claims by third parties. Our ability to compete effectively depends in part upon our intellectual property rights, including but not limited to our trademarks. Our use of contractual provisions, confidentiality procedures and agreements, and trademark, copyright, unfair competition, trade secret and other laws to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate. Litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, or to defend against claims by third parties that the conduct of our businesses or our use of intellectual property infringes upon such third party's intellectual property rights. Any intellectual property litigation or claims brought against us, whether or not meritorious, could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained in all cases. The terms of any settlement or judgment may require us to pay substantial amounts to the other party or cease exercising our rights in such intellectual property, including ceasing the use of certain trademarks used by us to distinguish our services from those of others or ceasing the exercise of our rights in copyrightable works. In addition, we may have to seek a license to continue practices found to be in violation of a third party's rights, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all. Our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected as a result. 17 The credit agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictive covenants that may limit our ability to respond to changes in market conditions or pursue business opportunities. Our credit agreements contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things: · incur additional secured indebtedness other than purchase money indebtedness not to exceed $1,500,000 in the aggregate; · merge or consolidate with another entity; · pay dividends or make other distributions; · make additional investments in fixed assets in any year in excess of $1,500,000; · guarantee obligations of any other person or entity; · mortgage or pledge any of our assets except liens securing permitted purchase money indebtedness; or · make any loans or advances. The requirement that we comply with these provisions may materially adversely affect our ability to react to changes in market conditions, take advantage of business opportunities we believe to be desirable, obtain future financing, fund needed capital expenditures or withstand a continuing or future downturn in our business. If we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in our credit agreements, there could be an event of default under the terms of such agreements, which could result in an acceleration of repayment. If we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in our credit agreements there could be an event of default. Our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. As a result, we cannot assure that we will be able to comply with these restrictions and covenants. In the event of a default under our credit agreements, the lender could terminate its commitment to lend or accelerate the loan and declare all amounts borrowed due and payable. If any of these events occur, our assets might not be sufficient to repay in full all of our outstanding indebtedness and we may be unable to find alternative financing. Even if we could obtain alternative financing, it might not be on terms that are favorable or acceptable to us. Additionally, we may not be able to amend our credit agreements or obtain needed waivers on satisfactory terms. Our borrowing under our credit agreements exposes us to interest rate risk. Our results of operations are exposed to interest rate risk associated with borrowing under our credit agreements, which bear interest at daily one month London Interbank Offered Rate, or LIBOR, plus 1.75%. If interest rates increase, so will our interest costs, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Urgent and Primary Care Business We may not be able to implement successfully our growth strategy for our urgent and primary care business on a timely basis or at all, which could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. The growth of our urgent and primary care business depends on our ability to open and acquire new centers. Our strategy is to increase the number of our urgent and primary care centers through both acquisition and our opening of new centers. Our ability to acquire and open profitable centers depends on many factors, including our ability to: · access capital to fund future acquisitions and preopening expenses; · achieve brand awareness in new and existing markets; · manage costs, which could give rise to delays or cost overruns; · recruit, train, and retain qualified physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, nurses, medical technologists and other staff in our local markets; 18 · obtain favorable reimbursement rates for services rendered at the centers; · successfully staff and operate new centers; · obtain all required governmental approvals, certificates, licenses and permits on a timely basis; · manage delays in the acquisition or opening of centers; · compete for appropriate sites in new markets against urgent care, family care, retail clinics, and primary care competitors; and · maintain adequate information systems and other operational system capabilities. Further, additional federal or state legislative or regulatory restrictions or licensure requirements could negatively impact our ability to operate both new and existing centers. Accordingly, we may not be able to achieve our planned growth or, even if we are able to grow our center base as planned, any new centers may not be profitable or otherwise perform as planned. Failure to implement successfully our growth strategy would likely have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The long-term success of our urgent and primary care business is highly dependent on our ability to successfully identify and acquire target centers. To achieve our growth strategy, we will need to acquire and open new centers and operate them on a profitable basis. We expect this to be the case for the foreseeable future. We take into account numerous factors in identifying target markets where we can enter or expand. The number and timing of new centers acquired and opened during any given period may be negatively impacted by a number of factors including, without limitation: · the identification and availability of attractive sites for new centers and the ability to negotiate suitable lease terms; · our ability to successfully identify and address pertinent risks during acquisition due diligence; · the preparation of target centers’ financial statements on methods of accounting other than generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP; · the proximity of potential sites to one of our or our competitors’ existing centers; · our ability to obtain required governmental licenses, permits and authorizations on a timely basis; and · our ability to recruit qualified physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, nurses, medical technologists and other personnel to staff our centers. If we are unable to find and secure attractive target centers to expand in existing markets or enter new markets, our revenues and profitability may be harmed, we may not be able to implement our growth strategy and our financial results may be negatively affected. Our acquisition and opening of centers in new markets exposes us to various risks and may require us to develop new business models. Our growth and profitability depend on our ability to implement our growth strategy by expanding the number of centers we operate in both new and existing markets. We cannot assure you our efforts to expand into new markets, particularly where we do not currently operate, will succeed. To operate in new markets, we may be required to modify our existing business model and cost structure to comply with local regulatory or other requirements, which may expose us to new operational, regulatory or legal risks. We may be unable to acquire target centers within our current price ranges. This may reduce the pace of our growth and increase the need for additional debt and equity capital. The patient population of centers we acquire may be loyal to existing ownership, making it difficult to maintain pre-closing revenue and profit levels. The re-branding of acquired centers may have an adverse market effect in local communities, and our brand may not be received as favorably in the local communities as we anticipate. 19 The process of integration of an acquired center may subject us to a number of risks, including: · Failure to successfully manage relationships with physicians and other staff of the acquired center; · Demands on management related to the increase in size of our Company after the acquisition; · Diversion of management attention; · Potential difficulties integrating and harmonizing financial reporting systems; · Difficulties in the assimilation and retention of employees; · Inability to retain the physicians and other staff of the acquired center; · Inability to establish uniform standards, controls, systems, procedures and policies; · Inability to retain the patients of the acquired center; · Exposure to legal claims for activities of the acquired center prior to acquisition; and · Incurrence of additional expenses in connection with the integration process. If the acquired center is not successfully integrated into our Company, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, as well as our reputation. Furthermore, if we are unable to successfully integrate the acquired center or if there are delays in combining the businesses, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. Growing our business through acquisitions will require additional personnel. There can be no assurance that these demands will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, nor can there be any assurance that we will be able to attract or retain competent personnel and improve our operational systems sufficiently to support the expansion of our operations. Also important to our success will be our ability to achieve additional economies of scale in order to improve operating margins. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve such economies of scale, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Centers we open in new markets may take longer to reach expected revenue and profit levels on a consistent basis. The cost of opening and operating new centers may exceed our budget, thereby affecting our overall profitability. New markets may have competitive conditions, consumer preferences, and healthcare spending patterns that are more difficult to predict, identify or satisfy than our existing markets. We may need to make greater investments than we originally planned in advertising and promotional activity in new markets and after closing acquisitions to build brand awareness. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, and we may not be able to retain and motivate qualified physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, medical technologists and other personnel. We may need to augment our labor model to meet regulatory requirements and the overall cost of labor may increase or be higher than anticipated. As a result, any new or acquired centers may be less successful and may not achieve target profit margins at the same rate or at all. If any steps taken to expand our existing business model into new markets are unsuccessful, we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. We will require additional capital to fund our operating and expansion costs, and our inability to obtain such capital will likely harm our business. Although we currently operate ten urgent and primary care centers, our administrative, corporate and general organizational infrastructure is designed to support numerous additional centers. Consequently, we expect that our monthly expenses will continue to exceed our monthly cash receipts until we significantly increase the number of our urgent and primary care centers. Depending on the results of our planned follow-on offering and certain other factors, including the results of operations of our ancillary network business, we may need to raise additional capital to cover our operating costs. To support our expansion strategy, we must have sufficient capital to continue making investments in new and existing centers. Current funding sources and cash generated by our operations may not be sufficient to allow us to sustain our expansion efforts. If this is the case, we may need additional equity or debt financing to provide the funds required to operate and expand our business. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to expand our business or acquire new centers at our projected rate and our operating results may suffer. Debt financing increases expenses and must be repaid regardless of operating results and may impose restrictions on the manner in which we operate our business. Equity financing, or debt financing that is convertible into equity, could result in additional dilution to our existing stockholders. Furthermore, if we are unable to obtain adequate capital, whether in the form of equity or debt, to fund our business and growth strategies we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our expansion plans, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, or prospects. 20 The centers that we acquire or open may not meet our expectations. In general, our growth strategy involves the acquisition and opening of strategically-located centers. Centers that we acquire and open may not meet our revenue or profit targets or may take longer than anticipated to do so. If our acquired or new centers do not perform as planned, our business and future prospects could be harmed. If we are unable to manage successfully the potential difficulties associated with acquiring and opening new centers, we may not be able to capture the efficiencies and opportunities that we expect from our expansion strategy. Our inability to capture expected efficiencies of scale, maintain patient volumes, improve our systems and equipment, continue our cost discipline, and retain appropriate physician and overall labor levels, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we open new centers in existing markets, revenue at our existing centers may be affected negatively. The catchment area of our centers varies by location and depends on a number of factors, including population density, other available convenient medical services, area demographics and geography. As a result, the opening of a new center in or near markets in which we already have centers could adversely affect the revenues of those existing centers. Existing centers could also make it more difficult to build our patient base for a new center in the same market. We may selectively open new centers in and around areas of existing centers that are operating at or near capacity to serve effectively our patients, but revenue cannibalization between our centers may become significant in the future as competition increases and as we continue to expand our operations. This could adversely affect our revenue growth, which could, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We may be required to make capital expenditures in connection with our acquisitions to implement our growth strategy. In order to maintain brand consistency across our centers, we may need to make significant capital expenditures to the interior and exterior of our centers. This may include making real property improvements and upgrading our medical equipment to serve our patients and remain competitive. Changing competitive conditions or the emergence of significant advances in medical technology could require us to invest significant capital in additional equipment or capacity in order to remain competitive. Along these lines, if the systems and technology of our target centers differ from those we have chosen to utilize, we may be required to invest significant capital to either convert, terminate, or integrate the varying technology platforms. If we are unable to fund any such investment or otherwise fail to make necessary capital expenditures, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Damage to our reputation or our brand in existing or new markets could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We must grow the value of our brand to be successful. We intend to develop a reputation based on the high quality of our medical services, physicians, and operating personnel, as well as on our unique culture and the experience of our patients in our centers. If we do not make investments in areas such as marketing and advertising, as well as the day-to-day investments required for center operations, equipment upgrades, and personnel training, the value of our brand may not increase or may be diminished. Any incident, real or perceived, regardless of merit or outcome, that adversely affects our brand, such as, but not limited to, patient disability or death due to medical malpractice or allegations of medical malpractice, failure to comply with federal, state, or local regulations, including allegations or perceptions of non-compliance or failure to comply with ethical and operational standards, could significantly reduce the value of our brand, expose us to negative publicity and damage our overall business and reputation. Our marketing activities may not be successful. We incur costs and expend other resources in our marketing efforts to attract and retain patients. Our marketing activities are principally focused on increasing brand awareness in the communities in which we provide services. As we open and acquire new centers, we expect to undertake aggressive marketing campaigns to increase community awareness about our presence and our service capabilities. We plan to conduct our targeted marketing efforts in neighborhoods through channels such as direct mail, billboards, radio advertisements, physician open houses, community sponsorships and various social media. If we are not successful in these efforts, we will have incurred expenses without materially increasing revenue. The urgent and primary care market is highly competitive, including competition for patients, strategic relationships, and commercial payor contracts, each of which could adversely affect our contract and revenue base. The market for providing urgent care and primary care services is highly competitive, and all of our centers face and will face competition, in varying degrees, from existing walk-in clinics, hospital emergency rooms, private doctors’ offices, freestanding emergency centers, independent laboratories, occupational medicine clinics, and hospital- and payor-supported urgent care facilities. We compete with national, regional, and local enterprises, some of which have greater financial and other resources available to them, greater access to physicians or greater access to potential patients. Our centers compete on the basis of accessibility, including evening and weekend hours, walk-in care, as well as varying appointment opportunities. We also compete on the basis of our multistate, regional footprint, which we believe will be of value to both employers and third-party payors. As a result of the differing competitive factors within the markets in which we operate and will operate, the individual results of our centers may be volatile. If we are unable to compete effectively with any of these entities or groups we may be unable to implement our business strategies successfully, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 21 We may not be able to recruit and retain qualified physicians and other healthcare professionals for our urgent and primary care centers. Our success depends upon our ability to recruit and retain qualified physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, nurses, medical technologists and other staff. There is currently a national shortage of certain of these healthcare professionals. To the extent a significant number of physicians within an individual community or market decide to partner with competing urgent care or primary care providers or hospitals and not with us, we may not be able to operate our centers in such community. We face competition for such personnel from existing operators, hospital systems, entrepreneurial start-ups, and other organizations. This competition may require us to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain qualified personnel. Our inability to recruit and retain these professionals could have a material adverse effect on our ability to grow or be profitable. We may not be able to prohibit or limit our physicians and other healthcare professionals from competing with us in our local markets. In certain states in which we operate or intend to operate, non-compete, non-solicitation, and other negative covenants applicable to employment or ownership are judicially or statutorily limited in their effectiveness or are entirely unenforceable against physicians and other healthcare professionals. As a result, we may not be able to protect our operational processes, procedures, and general trade secrets or limit insiders from using competitive information against us or competing with us, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to remain competitive. We may be unable to enter into or maintain contracts for our urgent and primary care centers on favorable terms with commercial payors. A significant portion of our existing net patient service revenue is derived from nongovernmental, third-party payors, or commercial payors, such as managed care organizations, commercial insurance providers and employer-sponsored healthcare plans. These commercial payors use a variety of methods for reimbursement depending on the arrangement involved. These arrangements include fee-for-service, PPOs and health maintenance organizations, as well as prepaid and discounted medical service packages and capitated, or fixed fee, contracts. Rates for health maintenance organization benefit plans are typically lower than those for PPOs or other benefit plans that offer broader provider access. Frequently, commercial payors classify or may reclassify us as either a primary care or urgent care provider. Such distinctions may result in different payment and reimbursement structure. Such differences may affect costs to the patient through increased copayments, deductibles and other cost-sharing mechanisms and, accordingly, patient choice of provider. There is often pressure to renegotiate reimbursement levels, including, in particular, in connection with changes to Medicare. Typically, commercial payors reimburse us based upon contracted discounts to our established base rates. If managed care organizations and other commercial payors reduce their rates or we were to experience a significant shift in our revenue mix toward Medicare or Medicaid reimbursements, then our revenue and profitability would be adversely affected and our operating margins would be reduced. Commercial payors often demand discounted fee structures, and the trend toward consolidation among commercial payors tends to increase their bargaining power over fee structures. Because some commercial payors rely on all or portions of Medicare fee schedules to determine payment rates, changes to government healthcare programs that reduce payments under these schedules may negatively impact payments from commercial payors. Other healthcare providers may impact our ability to negotiate increases and other favorable terms in our reimbursement arrangements with commercial payors. For example, some of our competitors may negotiate exclusivity provisions with commercial payors or otherwise restrict the ability of commercial payors to contract with us. We may be excluded from participating in commercial payor networks, making it more expensive for certain patients to receive treatment at our centers. Our results of operations will depend, in part, on our ability to retain and renew managed care contracts as well as enter into new managed care contracts on terms favorable to us. Our inability to maintain suitable financial arrangements with commercial payors could have a material adverse impact on our business. As various provisions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or the ACA, are implemented, commercial payors may increasingly demand fee reductions. In addition, there is a growing trend for commercial payors to take steps to shift the primary cost of care to the plan participant by increasing co-payments, co-insurance and deductibles, and these actions could discourage such patients from seeking treatment at our centers. Patient volumes could be negatively impacted if we are unable to enter into or maintain acceptable contracts with such commercial payors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. 22 Government healthcare programs may reduce reimbursement rates. In recent years, new legislation has been proposed and adopted at both the federal and state level that is effecting major changes in the healthcare system. Any change in the laws, regulations, or policies governing the healthcare system could adversely affect reimbursement rates and our operations and financial condition. Enacted in March 2010, the ACA seeks to expand healthcare coverage, while increasing quality and limiting costs. The ACA substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and commercial payors. As a result of the ACA or the adoption of additional federal and state healthcare reforms measures there could be limits to the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare services, which could result in reduced demand or profitability of our services. Furthermore, if due to an allegation of fraud or any other reason one or more of our physicians or other licensed healthcare providers are no longer entitled to bill and receive payment for services rendered to patients whose treatment is paid in whole or in part by a governmental payor, our revenue may be negatively impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. If payments from commercial or governmental payors are significantly delayed, are reduced or eliminated, our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We depend upon compensation from third-party payors for the services provided to patients in our centers. The amount that our centers receive in payment for their services may be adversely affected by factors we do not control, including federal or state regulatory changes, cost-containment decisions and changes in reimbursement schedules of third-party payors and legislative changes. Any reduction or elimination of these payments could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the reimbursement process is complex and can involve lengthy delays. Although we recognize revenue when healthcare services are provided, there can be delays before we receive payment. In addition, third-party payors may disallow, in whole or in part, requests for reimbursement based on determinations that certain amounts are not reimbursable under plan coverage, that services provided were not medically necessary, or that additional supporting documentation is necessary. Retroactive adjustments by third-party payors may be difficult or cost prohibitive to appeal, and such changes could materially reduce the actual amount we receive from those payors. Delays and uncertainties in the reimbursement process may be out of our control and may adversely affect us. Significant changes in our payor mix resulting from fluctuations in the types of patients seen at our centers could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Our results may change from period to period due to fluctuations in payor mix or other factors relating to the type of treatment performed by physicians at our centers. Payor mix refers to the relative amounts we receive from the mix of persons or entities that pay or reimburse us for healthcare services. Because, we generally receive relatively higher payment rates from commercial payors than from governmental payors or self-pay patients, a significant shift in our payor mix toward a higher percentage of self-pay or patients whose treatment is paid in whole or part by a governmental payor, which could occur for reasons beyond our control, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Failure to bill timely or accurately for our services could have a negative impact on our net revenues, bad debt expense and cash flow. Billing for our services is often complex and time consuming. The practice of providing medical services in advance of payment or prior to assessing a patient's ability to pay for such services may have a significant negative impact on our patient service revenue, bad debt expense and cash flow. We bill numerous and varied payors, including self-pay patients and various forms of commercial insurance providers. Billing requirements that must be met prior to receiving payment for services rendered often vary by payor. Self-pay patients and third-party payors may fail to pay for services even if they have been properly billed. Reimbursement is typically dependent on our providing the proper procedure and diagnosis codes. Additional factors that could affect our collections for the services we render include: · disputes among payors as to which party is responsible for payment; · variations in coverage among various payors for similar services; · the difficulty of adherence to specific compliance requirements, coding and various other procedures mandated by responsible parties; · the institution of new coding standards; and 23 · failure to properly credential our providers to enable them to bill various payors. The complexity associated with billing for our services causes many delays in our cash collections, resulting in increased carrying costs associated with the aging of our accounts receivable as well as the increased potential for bad debt expense. We are dependent on our third-party revenue cycle managers for billing and collection of our claims. We submit our claims for services rendered to commercial payors and governmental payors electronically through our third-party revenue cycle managers. We are dependent on our revenue cycle managers for the timely billing and collections of our claims. Any delay by or failure of our revenue cycle managers to timely bill and collect our claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may incur costs resulting from security risks in connection with the electronic data processing by our partner banks. Because we accept electronic payment cards for payments at our facilities, we may incur costs resulting from related security risks in connection with the electronic processing of confidential information by our partner banks. Recently, several of the large national banks have experienced potential or actual breaches in which similar data has been or may have been stolen. Such occurrences could cause patient dissatisfaction resulting in decreased visits or could also distract our management team from the management of the day-to-day operations. A successful challenge by tax authorities to our treatment of certain healthcare providers as independent contractors or the elimination of an existing safe harbor could materially increase our costs relating to these healthcare providers. Certain of our physicians and other licensed healthcare providers are engaged as independent contractors by our state-level operating subsidiaries. Because these personnel are treated as independent contractors rather than as employees, our state-level operating subsidiaries do not (i) withhold federal or state income or other employment related taxes from their compensation, (ii) make federal or state unemployment tax or Federal Insurance Contributions Act payments with respect to them, (iii) provide workers compensation insurance with respect to them (except in states where they are required to do so for independent contractors), or (iv) allow them to participate in benefits and retirement programs available to employees. Although we have contracts with these physicians and other licensed healthcare providers obligating them to pay these taxes and other costs, if a challenge to our treatment of these physicians and other licensed healthcare providers as independent contractors by federal or state authorities were successful and they were treated as employees instead of independent contractors, we could be liable for taxes, penalties and interest. In addition, there are currently, and have been in the past, proposals made to eliminate an existing safe harbor that would potentially protect us from the imposition of taxes in these circumstances, and similar proposals could be made in the future. If such a challenge were successful or if the safe harbor were eliminated, this could cause a material increase in our costs relating to these physicians and other personnel and, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Currently, our centers are located in Georgia, Florida, Alabama and Virginia, making us particularly sensitive to regulatory, economic, and other conditions in those states. Our current centers are located in Georgia, Florida, Alabama and Virginia. If there were an adverse regulatory, economic or other development in any of those states, our patient volume could decline, our ability to operate our centers under our existing business model could be impacted, or there could be other unanticipated adverse impacts on our business that could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Our business is seasonal, which impacts our results of operations. Our centers’ patient volumes are sensitive to seasonal fluctuations in urgent care and primary care activity. Typically, winter months see a higher occurrence of influenza, bronchitis, pneumonia and similar illnesses; however, the timing and severity of these outbreaks can vary dramatically. Additionally, as consumers shift toward high deductible insurance plans, they are responsible for a greater percentage of their bill, particularly in the early months of the year before other healthcare spending has occurred, which may lead to lower than expected patient volume or an increase in bad debt expense during that period. Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future depending on these and other factors. We could be subject to lawsuits for which we are not fully insured. Healthcare providers have become subject to an increasing number of lawsuits alleging medical malpractice and related legal theories such as negligent hiring, supervision and credentialing. Some of these lawsuits involve large claim amounts and substantial defense costs. We generally procure professional liability insurance coverage for our affiliated medical professionals and professional and corporate entities. We are currently insured under policies in amounts management deems appropriate, based upon the nature and risk of our business. Nevertheless, there are exclusions and exceptions to coverage under each insurance policy that may make coverage for any claim unavailable, future claims could exceed the limits of available insurance coverage, existing insurers could become insolvent and fail to meet their obligations to provide coverage for such claims, and such coverage may not always be available with sufficient limits and at reasonable cost to insure us adequately and economically in the future. One or more successful claims against us not covered by, or exceeding the coverage of, our insurance could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, in the normal course of our business, we may be involved in other types of lawsuits, claims, audits and investigations, including those arising out of our billing and marketing practices, employment disputes, contractual claims and other business disputes for which we may have no insurance coverage. The outcome of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. 24 Insurance coverage for some of our losses may be inadequate and may be subject to the credit risk of commercial insurance providers. We maintain insurance coverage for our centers through various third-party insurers. To the extent we hold policies to cover certain groups of claims or rely on insurance coverage obtained by third parties to cover such claims, we may be responsible for those losses if the insurance coverage is inadequate or the insurer rejects our claim for payment. Furthermore, for our losses that are insured or reinsured through commercial insurance providers, we are subject to the financial viability of those insurance companies. Although we believe our commercial insurance providers are currently creditworthy, they may not remain so in the future. Risks Related to Our Ancillary Network Business We have one client which accounts for a substantial portion of our ancillary network business. HealthSmart, our largest client and now our manager, accounted for approximately 34% of our ancillary network net revenue in 2014, and 22% in 2013. The loss of this client or significant declines in the level of use of our services by this client, without replacement by new business, would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Although we have entered into a management agreement with HealthSmart to manage our ancillary network business, there is no assurance that it will continue to use our ancillary network services at the same or greater level as it did in 2014. The initial term of our payor contract with HealthSmart terminates on December 31, 2015, and there is no assurance that it will be extended beyond that date. Large competitors in the healthcare industry may choose to compete with us, reducing our margins. Some of these potential competitors may be our current clients. Traditional health insurance companies, specialty provider networks, and specialty healthcare services companies are potential competitors of the Company’s ancillary network business. These entities include well-established companies that may have greater financial, marketing and technological resources than we have. Pricing pressure caused by competition has caused many of these companies to reduce the prices charged to clients for core services and to pass on to clients a larger portion of the formulary fees and related revenues received from service providers. Increased price competition from such companies’ entry into the market could reduce our margins and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In fact, our clients could choose to establish their own network of ancillary care providers. As a result, we would not only lose the benefit of revenue from such clients, but we could face additional competition in our market. Fluctuations in the number and types of claims we process in our ancillary network business could make it more difficult to predict our net revenues in our ancillary network business from quarter to quarter. Monthly fluctuations in the number of claims we process and the types of claims we process will impact our quarterly and annual results. Our margins vary depending on the type of ancillary healthcare service provided, the rates associated with those services and the overall mix of these claims, each of which will impact our profitability. Consequently, it may be difficult to predict the net revenue from our ancillary network business from one quarter to another quarter. Limited barriers to entry into the ancillary healthcare services market could result in greater competition. There are limited barriers to entering the market for ancillary service providers, meaning that it is relatively easy for other companies to replicate our ancillary network business model and provide the same or similar services that we currently provide. Major benefit management companies and healthcare companies not presently offering ancillary healthcare services may decide to enter the market. These companies may have greater financial, marketing and other resources than are available to us. Competition from other companies may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Our ancillary network business is dependent upon payments from third party payors which may reduce rates of reimbursement. Our ability to achieve profitability in our ancillary network business depends, in part, on payments provided by third-party payors. Competition for patients, efforts by traditional third party payors to contain or reduce healthcare costs and the increasing influence of managed care payors, such as health maintenance organizations, have resulted in reduced rates of reimbursement in recent years. If continuing, these trends could adversely affect our results of operations unless we can implement measures to offset the loss of revenues and decreased profitability. In addition, changes in reimbursement policies of private and governmental third-party payors, including policies relating to the Medicare and Medicaid programs, could reduce the amounts reimbursed to our clients for the services provided through us, and consequently, the amount these clients would be willing to pay for our services. Also, under the medical loss ratio, or MLR, regulations included in the ACA, it is possible that a portion of the fees our existing and prospective payors are contractually required to pay us and that do not qualify as “incurred claims” may not be included as expenditures for activities that improve health care quality. Such a determination may make it more difficult for us to retain existing clients or add new clients, because our clients’ or prospective clients’ MLR may otherwise not meet the specified targets. This may reduce our net revenues and profit margins. 25 We are dependent upon our network of qualified providers, and our provider agreements may be terminated at any time. A network of qualified providers is an essential component of our ancillary network business. The typical form of agreement from ancillary healthcare providers provides that these agreements may be terminated at any time by either party with or without cause. If these agreements are terminated, particularly with our significant providers, such ancillary healthcare providers could enter into new agreements with our competitors which would have an adverse effect on our ability to continue our ancillary network business as it is currently conducted. For any given claim, we are subject to the risk of paying more to the provider than we receive from the payor. Our agreements with our payors, on the one hand, and our ancillary network service providers, on the other, are negotiated separately. We have complete discretion in negotiating both the prices we charge our payors and the financial terms of our agreements with the providers. As a result, our profit is primarily a function of the spread between the prices we have agreed to pay our ancillary network service providers and the prices our payors have agreed to pay us. We bear the pricing risk because we are responsible for providing the agreed-upon services to our payors, whether or not we are able to negotiate fees and other agreement terms with our ancillary network service providers that result in a positive margin for us. There can be no assurances that these pricing arrangements will not result in losses to us. The length of the current sales cycle may impede our efforts to add new client accounts. Over the past several years, we have experienced a lengthening of the period between identification of a prospective payor client and that prospect becoming a new client. Despite efforts to strategically improve our implementation process and our new management arrangement with HealthSmart, we can give no assurances that the process of converting a sales prospect into a new client account will not be lengthy and that our revenues will not continue to decline due to the lack of new client accounts. We are dependent on our manager to operate our ancillary network business. We are dependent on HealthSmart to operate our ancillary network business. We have no employees in our ancillary network business and the individuals who perform services for us are employees of our manager. We are subject to the risk that our manager will terminate the management agreement and that we will not be able to find a suitable replacement for our manager in a timely manner, at a reasonable cost, or at all. We are also subject to the risk that our manager will not manage our ancillary network business in a manner that is in our best interests, particularly because HealthSmart operates its own preferred provider network that competes for clients with our ancillary network. We pay our manager cash fees for operating our ancillary network business. We pay our manager cash fees for the services it provides in managing our ancillary network business. The payment of these fees may impact the amount of cash available for investment in our urgent and primary care business. Our manager may be subject to conflicts of interest. Our manager has potential conflicts of interest in its management of our ancillary network business. Circumstances under which a conflict could arise between us and our manager include: · the receipt of compensation by our manager for services for us and costs incurred, which may cause our manager to engage in transactions or incur costs that generate higher fees, rather than transaction that are more appropriate or beneficial for our business; · taking actions that are beneficial to our manager’s preferred provider network that are detrimental to our ancillary network business; 26 · taking actions that benefit our manager in its capacity as our client which are not beneficial for our ancillary network business; and · some of our clients are competitors of our manager, and our manager may take actions that are not in the best interests of those clients. Our manager will not be liable to us for any acts or omissions performed in accordance with the management agreement. Pursuant to our management agreement, our manager will not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder in good faith. Our manager, its members, managers, officers and employees will not be liable to us for any acts or omissions by our manager, its members, managers, officers or employees, except by reason of acts constituting bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of our manager’s duties under our management agreement. We will, to the full extent lawful, reimburse, indemnify and hold our manager, its members, managers, officers and employees and each other person, if any, controlling our manager harmless of and from any and all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims of any nature whatsoever (including attorneys’ fees) in respect of or arising from any acts or omissions of an indemnified party made in good faith in performance of our manager’s duties under our management agreement and not constituting such indemnified party’s bad faith, willful misconduct, gross negligence or reckless disregard of our manager’s duties under our management agreement. Risks Related to Healthcare Regulation The healthcare industry is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with these laws and government regulations we could incur penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. The healthcare industry is heavily regulated and closely scrutinized by federal, state and local governments. Comprehensive statutes and regulations govern the manner in which we provide and bill for services, our contractual relationships with our physicians, vendors, patients and clients, our marketing activities and other aspects of our operations. If we fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could be exposed to civil and criminal penalties such as fines, damages, overpayment recoupment, loss of enrollment status and exclusion from government healthcare programs. Any action against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if successfully defended, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. Our physicians and other licensed healthcare providers, are also subject to ethical guidelines and operating standards of professional and private accreditation agencies. The laws, regulations and standards governing the provision of healthcare services may change significantly in the future, and these changes may materially and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, a review of our business by regulatory or accreditation authorities could result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations. Our urgent and primary care centers are and will be subject to numerous statutes and regulations in the states in which we operate or intend to operate, and the failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in civil or criminal sanctions. The operation of urgent and primary care centers subjects us, and will subject us, to many state laws and regulations. In general, states, whether directly or through boards, agencies or other delegated authorities, regulate the ownership and dispensing of controlled substances, the retention and storage of medical records, patient privacy and protection of health information, the licensure of healthcare providers, and the clinical supervision by physicians of nurse practitioners and physicians assistants, among other aspects of our operations. All such laws and regulations, and the applicable interpretations of such laws and regulations, are subject to change. Additional regulation of centers such as ours has been proposed in several states. The adoption of any such regulations in the states in which we operate or intend to operate could force us to change our operational or transactional approach or lead to a finding by regulators that our centers do not meet legal requirements. We may be subject to criminal prosecution, regulatory fines, penalties or other sanctions if our operations or centers are found to not comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition, we may be required to refund all funds received from patients and third-party payors during the period of noncompliance. State regulation of the expansion of urgent and primary care centers could prevent us from reaching our expansion objectives. Many states have certificate of need programs that require some level of prior approval for the development, acquisition or expansion of certain healthcare facilities. Although the state where our current centers operate do not require that we obtain a certificate of need to acquire or operate our centers, in the event we choose to acquire or open centers in a state that does require such approval, we may be required to obtain a certificate of need before the acquisition or opening occurs. If we are unable to obtain such approvals, we may not be able to move forward with the planned activity. Only a few states, including Florida, currently require the licensure of centers such as ours. The lack of a specific licensure process for our centers in the vast majority of states may lead state legislators or regulators to regulate aggressively the growth of our industry, potentially seeking to treat our industry in a manner similar to hospitals or freestanding emergency departments. Further, the growing number of urgent care centers and freestanding emergency departments may lead to legislation or regulations requiring us to change substantially our operations or cease our operations in that state entirely. Any such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our prospects and growth strategy. 27 Our urgent and primary care centers are subject to comprehensive laws and regulations that govern the manner in which we bill and are paid for our services by third-party payors, and the failure to comply with these requirements can result in civil or criminal sanctions, including exclusion from federal and state healthcare programs. A substantial portion of our urgent and primary care services are paid for by commercial payors and governmental payors. These third-party payors typically have differing and complex billing and documentation requirements. If we fail to meet these requirements, we may not be paid for our services or payment may be substantially delayed or reduced. Numerous state and federal laws also apply to our claims for payment, including but not limited to (i) “coordination of benefits” rules that dictate which payor must be billed first when a patient has coverage from multiple payors, (ii) requirements that overpayments be refunded within a specified period of time, (iii) “reassignment” rules governing the ability to bill and collect professional fees on behalf of other providers, (iv) requirements that electronic claims for payment be submitted using certain standardized transaction codes and formats, and (v) laws requiring all health and financial information of patients in a manner that complies with applicable security and privacy standards. Third-party payors carefully monitor compliance with these and other applicable rules. Our failure to comply with these rules could result in our obligation to refund amounts previously paid for such services or non-payment for our services. Additionally, on January 16, 2009, the United States Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, released the final rule mandating that providers covered by the Administrative Simplification Provisions of HIPAA, including our centers, must implement the International Classification of Diseases, 10th Edition, or ICD-10, for medical coding on October 1, 2013. Although the deadline for implementation of ICD-10 codes has been delayed until October 15, 2015, the ICD-10 codes will require significantly more information than the International Classification of Diseases, 9th Edition, or ICD-9, codes currently used for medical coding and will require covered entities to code with much greater detail and specificity than with ICD-9 codes. We may incur additional costs to implement these changes. If we are found to have violated any of these or any of the other laws or regulations which govern our activities, the resulting penalties, damages, fines or other sanctions could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Changes in coverage and the rates or methods of third-party reimbursements may adversely affect our urgent and primary care revenue and operations. A substantial portion of our urgent and primary care revenue is derived from direct billings to patients and third-party payors. As a result, any changes in the rates or methods of reimbursement for the services we provide could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and financial results. Reimbursement rates can vary depending on whether our center is an in-network or out-of-network provider. Each of our centers may be out-of-network for some patients. When acting as an out-of-network provider, reimbursement rates may be lower, co-payments and deductibles may be higher and we may have difficulties complying with the billing requirements of certain third-party payors. Additionally, the continued implementation of the ACA could result in substantial changes in coverage and reimbursement, including changes in coverage and amounts paid by private payors, which could have an adverse impact on our revenue from those sources. Past and future healthcare reform legislation and other changes in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The healthcare industry is subject to changing political, regulatory and other influences. In March 2010, the President signed the ACA into law, which made major changes in how healthcare is delivered and reimbursed and increased access to health insurance benefits to the uninsured and underinsured population of the United States. Because of the continued uncertainty about the implementation of various provisions of the ACA, we cannot predict with any certainty the impact of the ACA on our business models, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. Also, Congress and state legislatures may continue reviewing and assessing alternative healthcare delivery and payment systems and may in the future adopt legislation making additional fundamental changes in the healthcare system. There is no assurance that such changes will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Continued efforts to shift healthcare costs to the patient (through co-payments, deductibles, and other mechanisms) could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 28 If we are required to restructure our arrangements with physicians because of current or future laws, we may incur additional costs, lose contracts or suffer a reduction in net revenue. Various laws bear on our relationships with the physicians staffing our urgent and primary care centers. Authorities in some states could find that our contractual relationships with our physicians violate laws prohibiting the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting. These laws are generally intended to prevent unlicensed persons or entities from interfering with or inappropriately influencing the physician's professional judgment, but they may also prevent the sharing of professional services income with non-professional or business interests. Approximately 30 states have some form of corporate practice of medicine restrictions, and, as we continue to expand into new markets, our current business model may implicate these restrictions. One of the states in which we currently operate, Georgia, has adopted certain corporate practice of medicine restrictions against non-professional entities. Although we believe we are currently in material compliance with applicable law, including with respect to the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting, regulatory authorities or other parties, including our employed and contracted physicians, or our physicians, may assert that, among other things, our state-level operating subsidiaries are impermissibly engaged in the practice of medicine. In that event, we could be subject to adverse judicial or administrative interpretations, to civil or criminal penalties, our contracts could be found legally invalid and unenforceable or we could be required to modify our organizational structure, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to execute our growth strategy. Moreover, if we are required to modify our structure and organization to comply with these laws and rules, our financing agreements may prohibit such modifications and require us to obtain the consent of the holders of such debt or require the refinancing of such debt. We are subject to the data privacy, security and breach notification requirements of HIPAA, HITECH and other data privacy and security laws, and the failure to comply with these rules, or allegations that we have failed to do so, could result in civil or criminal sanctions. Numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including HIPAA and HITECH, govern the collection, dissemination, security, use and confidentiality of patient-identifiable health information. As required by HIPAA, HHS has adopted standards to protect the privacy and security of this health-related information. The HIPAA privacy regulations contain detailed requirements concerning the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information and the grant of certain rights to patients with respect to such information by “covered entities.” The Company and each of our centers is considered a covered entity under HIPAA. We have taken actions to comply with the HIPAA privacy regulations including the creation and implementation of policies and procedures, staff training, execution of HIPAA-compliant contractual arrangements with certain service providers and various other measures. Although we believe we are in substantial compliance, ongoing implementation and oversight of these measures involves significant time, effort and expense. In addition to the privacy requirements, HIPAA covered entities must implement certain administrative, physical, and technical security standards to protect the integrity, confidentiality and availability of certain electronic health-related information received, maintained, or transmitted by covered entities or their business associates. Although we have taken actions in an effort to be in compliance with these security regulations, a security incident that bypasses our information security systems causing an information security breach, loss of PHI or other data subject to privacy laws or a material disruption of our operational systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, along with fines. Furthermore, ongoing implementation and oversight of these security measures involves significant time, effort and expense. Further, HITECH, as implemented in part by an omnibus final rule published in the Federal Register on January 25, 2013, further requires that patients be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use, or disclosure of their unsecured PHI that compromises the privacy or security of such information. HHS has established the presumption that all unauthorized uses or disclosures of unsecured PHI constitute breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes that there is a low probability the information has been compromised. HITECH and implementing regulations specify that such notifications must be made without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. Breaches affecting 500 patients or more must be reported immediately to HHS, which will post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. Furthermore, breaches affecting 500 patients or more in the same state or jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media. If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered entity must record it in a log and notify HHS of such breaches at least annually. These breach notification requirements apply not only to unauthorized disclosures of unsecured PHI to outside third parties but also to unauthorized internal access to or use of such PHI. The scope of the privacy and security requirements under HIPAA was substantially expanded by HITECH, which also increased penalties for violations. Currently, violations of the HIPAA privacy, security and breach notification standards may result in civil penalties ranging from $100 to $50,000 per violation, subject to a cap of $1,500,000 in the aggregate for violations of the same standard in a single calendar year. The amount of penalty that may be assessed depends, in part, upon the culpability of the applicable covered entity or business associate in committing the violation. Some penalties for certain violations that were not due to “willful neglect” may be waived by the Secretary of HHS in whole or in part, to the extent that the payment of the penalty would be excessive relative to the violation. HITECH also authorized state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of residents of their states. Applicable courts may be able to award damages, costs and attorneys' fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. HITECH also mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of a cross-section of HIPAA covered entities and business associates. Every covered entity and business associate is subject to being audited, regardless of the entity's compliance record. 29 State laws may impose more protective privacy restrictions related to health information and may afford individuals a private right of action with respect to the violation of such laws. Both state and federal laws are subject to modification or enhancement of privacy protection at any time. We are subject to any federal or state privacy-related laws that are more restrictive than the privacy regulations issued under HIPAA. These statutes vary and could impose additional requirements on us and more severe penalties for disclosures of health information. If we fail to comply with HIPAA, similar state laws or any new laws, including laws addressing data confidentiality, security or breach notification, we could incur substantial monetary penalties and substantial damage to our reputation. States may also impose restrictions related to the confidentiality of personal information that is not considered PHI under HIPAA, including certain identifying information and financial information of our patients. Theses state laws may impose additional notification requirements in the event of a breach of such personal information. Failure to comply with such data confidentiality, security and breach notification laws may result in substantial monetary penalties. HIPAA and HITECH also include standards for common healthcare electronic transactions and code sets, such as claims information, plan eligibility and payment information. Covered entities such as the Company and each of our centers are required to conform to such transaction set standards. Our centers participate in the federal Medicare program and, as a result, we must comply with a number of additional federal regulatory requirements. Our centers participate as providers the federal Medicare program. As participants in the Medicare program, we are directly subject to certain federal regulatory requirements, including the Stark Law and the Anti-Kickback Statute. Furthermore, the Medicare program is particularly susceptible to statutory and regulatory changes, retroactive and prospective rate adjustments, spending freezes, federal and state funding reductions and administrative rulings and interpretations concerning, without limitation, patient eligibility requirements, funding levels and the method of calculating payments or reimbursements. Since 1992, Medicare has paid for the “medically necessary” services of physicians, non-physician practitioners, and certain other suppliers under a physician fee schedule, a system that pays for covered physicians’ services furnished to a person with Medicare Part B. Under the physician fee schedule, relative values are assigned to each of more than 7,000 services to reflect the amount of work, the direct and indirect (overhead) practice expenses, and the malpractice expenses typically involved in furnishing that service. Each of these three relative value components is multiplied by a geographic adjustment factor to adjust the payment for variations in the costs of furnishing services in different localities. The resulting relative value units, or RVUs, are summed for each service and then are multiplied by a fixed-dollar conversion factor to establish the payment amount for each service. The higher the number of RVUs assigned to a service, the higher the payment. Under the Medicare fee-for-service payment system, an individual can choose any licensed physician enrolled in Medicare and use the services of any healthcare provider or facility certified by Medicare. CMS is required to limit the growth in spending under the physician fee schedule by a predetermined sustained growth rate, or SGR. If implemented as mandated, the SGR would result in significant payment reductions under the physician fee schedule. Every year since 2003, Congress has delayed application of the SGR, but we cannot predict with certainty whether it will continue to do so. Congress most recently delayed application of the SGR in the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, or PAMA, which became effective on April 1, 2014. In March of 2014 (prior to the passage of PAMA), CMS announced that the estimated physician fee schedule update for 2014 would be reduced by 20.9% due to the SGR formula. PAMA provides for the continuation of the 0.5% reimbursement increase to the physician payment schedule through December 31, 2014 (originally provided under the Pathway for SGR Reform Act of 2013), and also provides for no change to the physician fee schedule through March 31, 2015. Although several recent legislative proposals have sought to impose permanent or semi-permanent solutions to the SGR reductions, we cannot predict with certainty whether the SGR will be repealed or if another formula would be substituted and what form that might take. Repeal of the SGR could be offset by further reductions in Medicare payments, and any such reductions could have a material adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, the ACA reduces annual payment updates for certain providers and reduces Medicare payments for certain procedures, and the Budget Control Act of 2011, or BCA, requires automatic spending reductions for each fiscal year through 2021. As a result of the BCA and subsequent activity in Congress, a $1.2 trillion sequester (across-the-board spending cuts) in discretionary programs took effect in 2013. In particular, a 2% reduction in Medicare payments took effect on April 1, 2013 and has recently been extended for an additional two years beyond the original expiration date of 2021. We are subject to CMS’ RAC program. The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003, or MMA, introduced on a trial basis the use of RACs for the purpose of identifying and recouping Medicare overpayments and underpayments. Any overpayment received from Medicare is considered a debt owed to the federal government. In October 2008, CMS made the RAC program permanent. RACs review Medicare claims to determine whether such claims were appropriately reimbursed by Medicare. RACs engage in an automated review and in a complex review of claims. Automated reviews are conducted when a review of the medical record is not required and there is certainty that the service is not covered or is coded incorrectly. Complex reviews involve the review of all underlying medical records supporting the claim, and are generally conducted where there is a high likelihood, but not certainty, that an overpayment has occurred. RACs are paid a contingency fee based on overpayments identified and collected. 30 A Medicare administrative contractor, or MAC, may suspend Medicare payments to a provider if it determines that an overpayment has occurred. When a Medicare claim for payment is filed, the MAC will notify the patient and the provider of its initial determination regarding reimbursement. The MAC may deny the claim for one of several reasons, including the lack of necessary information or lack of medical necessity for the services rendered. Providers may appeal any denials for claim payments. Any such reviews under the RAC program or denials by the MAC could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We are subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute, Stark Law, FCA, Civil Monetary Penalties statute and analogous provisions of applicable state laws and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such laws. Anti-Kickback Statute The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in return for the referral of patients or arranging for the referral of patients, or in return for the recommendation, arrangement, purchase, lease or order of items or services that are covered, in whole or in part, by a federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid. The term “remuneration” has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value such as gifts, discounts, rebates, waiver of payments or providing anything at less than its fair market value. The ACA amended the intent requirement of the Anti-Kickback Statute such that a person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violation the statute. Further, the ACA now provides that claims submitted in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false or fraudulent claims for purposes of the FCA, including the failure to timely return an overpayment. Many states have adopted similar prohibitions against kickbacks and other practices that are intended to influence the purchase, lease or ordering of healthcare items and services reimbursed by a governmental health program or state Medicaid program. Some of these state prohibitions apply to remuneration for referrals of healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial payors. Because we currently accept funds from governmental health programs, we are and will be subject to the Anti-Kickback Statute. Violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute can result in exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid or other governmental programs as well as civil and criminal penalties, such as $25,000 per violation and up to three times the remuneration involved. If in violation, we may be required to enter into settlement agreements with the government to avoid such sanctions. Typically, such settlement agreements require substantial payments to the government in exchange for the government to release its claims, and may also require entry into a corporate integrity agreement, or CIA. Any such sanctions or obligations contained in a CIA could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Stark Law The Stark Law prohibits a physician from referring a patient to a healthcare provider for certain “designated health services” reimbursable by Medicare if the physician (or close family members) has a financial relationship with that provider, including an ownership or investment interest, a loan or debt relationship or a compensation relationship. The designated health services covered by the law include, among others, laboratory and imaging services and the provision of durable medical equipment. Some states have self-referral laws similar to the Stark Law for Medicaid claims and commercial claims. We have entered into several types of financial relationships with physicians who staff our urgent and primary care centers, including compensation arrangements. We believe that the compensation arrangements under our employment agreements and independent contractor agreements satisfy one or more exceptions to the Stark Law. Although we believe that the compensation provisions included in our written physician agreements, which are the result of arm’s length negotiations, result in fair market value payments for medical services rendered or to be rendered, an enforcement agency could nevertheless challenge the level of compensation that we pay our medical directors. The ownership of our stock by any of our physicians will constitute a “financial relationship” for purposes of the Stark Law. As a result, in order to bill Medicare for the designated health services referred by such physician stockholder, we must qualify for one or more exceptions to the Stark Law. Although an exception exists for publicly traded securities, we will not qualify until our stockholders' equity exceeds $75,000,000 at the end of our most recent fiscal year or on average during the previous three years. If we are unable to qualify for another exception to the Stark Law, we will not be entitled to bill Medicare for services rendered by a physician stockholder. As a result, we may suffer losses to our net revenue. Further, it may become necessary for us to perform regular compliance tests to determine which, if any, of our physicians own our stock, and, if so, to determine whether or not we meet an applicable exception to the Stark Law. Such efforts could have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compensate physicians, and could result in damage to our reputation. 31 Violation of the Stark Law may result in prohibition of payment for services rendered, a refund of any Medicare payments for services that resulted from an unlawful referral, $15,000 civil monetary penalties for specified infractions, criminal penalties, and potential exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, and potential false claims liability. The repayment provisions in the Stark Law are not dependent on the parties having an improper intent; rather, the Stark Law is a strict liability statute and any violation is subject to repayment of all amounts arising out of tainted referrals. If physician self-referral laws are interpreted differently or if other legislative restrictions are issued, we could incur significant sanctions and loss of revenues, or we could have to change our arrangements and operations in a way that could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, damage to our reputation, results of operations and financial condition. False Claims Act The federal civil FCA prohibits providers from, among other things, (1) knowingly presenting or causing to be presented, claims for payments from the Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent; (2) knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to get a false or fraudulent claim paid or approved by the federal government; or (3) knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. The “qui tam” or “whistleblower” provisions of the FCA allow private individuals to bring actions under the FCA on behalf of the government. These private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the government, and, as a result, the number of “whistleblower” lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased significantly in recent years. Defendants found to be liable under the FCA may be required to pay three times the actual damages sustained by the government, plus mandatory civil penalties ranging between $5,500 and $11,000 for each separate false claim. There are many potential bases for liability under the FCA. The government has used the FCA to prosecute Medicare and other government healthcare program fraud such as coding errors, billing for services not provided, and providing care that is not medically necessary or that is substandard in quality. The ACA also provides that claims submitted in connection with patient referrals that results from violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitute false claims for the purpose of the FCA, and some courts have held that a violation of the Stark law can result in FCA liability, as well. In addition, a number of states have adopted their own false claims and whistleblower provisions whereby a private party may file a civil lawsuit in state court. We are required to provide information to our employees and certain contractors about state and federal false claims laws and whistleblower provisions and protections. Civil Monetary Penalties Statute The federal Civil Monetary Penalties statute prohibits, among other things, the offering or giving of remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that the person or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary’s selection of a particular provider or supplier of items or services reimbursable by a federal or state healthcare program. The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to constant change. Federal and state enforcement entities have significantly increased their scrutiny of healthcare companies and providers which has led to investigations, prosecutions, convictions and large settlements. Although we intend to conduct our business in compliance with all applicable federal and state fraud and abuse laws, many of these laws are broadly worded and may be interpreted or applied in ways that cannot be predicted with any certainty. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our arrangements or business practices will not be subject to government scrutiny or will be found to be in compliance with applicable fraud and abuse laws. Further, responding to investigations can be time consuming and result in significant legal fees and can potentially divert management’s attention from the Company. If we fail to effectively and timely implement electronic health record systems, our operation could be adversely affected. As required by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, the Secretary of HHS has developed and implemented an incentive payment program for eligible healthcare professionals that adopt and meaningfully use electronic health record, or EHR, technology. HHS uses the Provider Enrollment, Chain and Ownership System, or PECOS, to verify Medicare enrollment prior to making EHR incentive program payments. If our employed professionals are unable to meet the requirements for participation in the incentive payment program, including having an enrollment record in PECOS, we will not be eligible to receive incentive payments that could offset some of the costs of implementing EHR systems. Further, healthcare professionals that fail to demonstrate meaningful use of certified EHR technology are subject to reduced payments from Medicare. System conversions to comply with EHR could be time consuming and disruptive for physicians and employees. Failure to implement EHR systems effectively and in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. We are in process of converting certain of our clinical and patient accounting information system applications to newer versions of existing applications or altogether new applications. In connection with our implementation and conversions, we have incurred capitalized costs and additional training and implementation expenses. 32 If we fail to comply with laws and regulations related to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, we could incur substantial penalties and fines. We are subject to various federal, state and local and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, including those governing the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. Some of our operations include the use, generations and disposal of hazardous materials. We also plan to acquire ownership in new facilities and properties, some of which may have had a history of commercial or other operations. We may, in the future, incur liability under environmental statutes and regulations with respect to contamination of sites we own or operate, including contamination caused by prior owners or operators of such sites, abutters or other persons, and the off-site disposal of hazardous substances. Violations of these laws and regulations may result in substantial civil penalties or fines. Risks Related to Our Common Stock You may experience dilution of your ownership interests because of the future issuance of additional shares of our common stock. In the future, we plan to issue additional shares of our common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock in connection with hiring or retaining employees, future acquisitions, future sales of our securities for capital raising purposes, or for other business purposes, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of our stockholders at that time. The future issuance of any such additional shares of common stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of the common stock. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to issue additional shares, warrants or other convertible securities in the future in conjunction with any capital raising efforts, including at a price (or exercise prices) below the price at which shares of our common stock are currently traded on The NASDAQ Capital Market, and new investors could gain rights superior to those of our stockholders at that time. Your ownership will be diluted by exercises of outstanding and future options and warrants and other forms of equity. As of December 31, 2014, we had outstanding options to purchase an aggregate of 1,244,662 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $3.69 per share and warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,782,222 shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $2.89 per share and 155,663 shares issuable on the conversion of restricted stock units, or RSUs, awarded to officers and directors. The exercise of such outstanding options and warrants and the conversion of such RSUs will result in further dilution of your investment. Our current principal stockholders have significant influence over us and they could delay, deter or prevent a change of control or other business combination or otherwise cause us to take action with which you might not agree. As of March 16, 2015, our executive officers, directors, and holders of greater than 5% of our outstanding common stock together beneficially owned approximately 60.88 % of our outstanding common stock. As a result, our executive officers, directors and holders of greater than 5% of our outstanding common stock have the ability to significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including: · changes to the composition of our Board of Directors, which has the authority to direct our business and appoint and remove our officers; · proposed mergers, consolidations, or other business combinations; and · amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws which govern the rights attached to our shares of common stock. This concentration of ownership of shares of our common stock could delay or prevent proxy contests, mergers, tender offers, open market purchase programs, or other purchases of shares of our common stock that might otherwise give you the opportunity to realize a premium over the then prevailing market price of our common stock. The interests of our executive officers, directors, and holders of greater than 5% of our outstanding common stock may not always coincide with the interests of the other holders of our common stock. This concentration of ownership may also adversely affect our stock price. The market price of our common stock may be volatile and this may adversely affect our stockholders. The price at which our common stock trades may be volatile. The stock market can experience significant price and volume fluctuations that have affect the market prices of securities, including securities of healthcare companies. The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: · our operating and financial performance; 33 · variances in our quarterly financial results compared to expectations; · the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock; · future sales of common stock or the perception that sales could occur; · investor perception of our business and our prospects; · developments relating to litigation or governmental investigations; · changes or proposed changes in healthcare laws or regulations or enforcement of these laws and regulations, or announcements relating to these matters; and · general economic and stock market conditions. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of healthcare companies. These broad market and industry factors may materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our financial condition, results from operations, business or prospects. In the past, securities class-action litigation has often been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their respective securities. We may become involved in this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type is often expensive to defend and may divert our management team’s attention as well as resources from the operation of our business. There is no assurance that the market price of our common stock will not fall in the future. We do not anticipate paying dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and, consequently, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend solely on any appreciation in the price of our common stock. We do not pay dividends on our shares of common stock and intend to retain all future earnings to finance the continued growth and development of our business and for general corporate purposes. In addition, we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future payment of cash dividends will depend upon our financial condition, capital requirements, earnings and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of Directors. We are subject to the listing requirements of The NASDAQ Capital Market and there can be no assurances that we will satisfy these listing requirements on an ongoing basis. Our common stock is listed on The NASDAQ Capital Market, and we are therefore subject to its continued listing requirements, including requirements with respect to the market value of publicly-held shares and minimum bid price per share, among others, and requirements relating to board and committee independence. If we fail to satisfy one or more of the requirements, we may be delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market. We recently determined that awards of RSUs we made to our directors in 2009, 2013 and 2014 were not and would not be in compliance with the terms of our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan. Because of such noncompliance, awards of RSUs to our directors and issuance of our common stock upon vesting of those RSUs have not been approved by our stockholders, and, accordingly, the issuance of our common stock thereunder was not and would not be in compliance with NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c). On November 5, 2014, we notified The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC, or NASDAQ, of these events and advised it that our Board of Directors has determined that we would suspend the issuance of additional common stock under the RSUs awarded in 2009 and would not issue any common stock under the RSUs awarded in 2013 or 2014 until stockholder approval of such awards is obtained and stockholders approve an amendment of the 2009 Equity Plan to permit the award of RSUs to our directors. We also notified NASDAQ that we would seek such stockholder approval at our 2015 annual meeting of stockholders. On November 25, 2014, we received a letter from NASDAQ notifying us that NASDAQ had determined that we had violated NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635(c). In its November 25, 2014 letter, NASDAQ granted us an extension of time until May 26, 2015 to obtain such approvals and notify NASDAQ of such action. In the event we do not obtain stockholder approval of the RSU awards and an amendment to our 2009 Equity Incentive Plan to permit the award of RSUs to our directors, NASDAQ may delist our common stock. If we are delisted from The NASDAQ Capital Market and we are not able to list our common stock on another exchange, our common stock could be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or in the “pink sheets.” As a result, we could face significant adverse consequences including, among others: · a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; · a determination that our common stock is a “penny stock” which will require brokers trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 34 · a limited amount of news and little or no analyst coverage for us; and · a decreased ability to issue additional securities (including pursuant to short-form registration statements on Form S-3) or obtain additional financing in the future. The market price of our common stock in the future may be affected by different factors than in the past. With our entry into the urgent and primary care line of business and our plans to transform the Company over the next few years into primarily an urgent and primary care business, the market price of our common stock in the future may be impacted by different factors than those that have affected the market price of our common stock in the past. Anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove the current members of our board and management. Certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws could discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change of control that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. Furthermore, these provisions could prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove members of our board of directors. These provisions also could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. Stockholders who wish to participate in these transactions may not have the opportunity to do so. These provisions, among other things: · authorize our board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock, the rights of which will be determined at the discretion of the board of directors and that, if issued, could operate as a “poison pill” to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer to prevent an acquisition that our board of directors does not approve; and · limit who may call a stockholders meeting. In addition, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, which may, unless certain criteria are met, prohibit large stockholders, in particular those owning 15% or more of the voting rights on our common stock, from merging or combining with us for a prescribed period of time. We cannot predict what the market price of our common stock will be and, as a result, it may be difficult for you to sell your shares of our common stock. An inactive market may impair our ability to raise capital by selling shares of our common stock and may impair our ability to enter into strategic partnerships or acquire companies or products by using our shares of common stock as consideration. We cannot predict with any certainty the prices at which our common stock will trade. It is possible that in one or more future periods our results of operations may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors and, as a result of these and other factors, the price of our common stock may fall. Reports published by securities or industry analysts, including projections in those reports that exceed our actual results, could adversely affect our common stock price and trading volume. Securities research analysts, including those affiliated with our underwriters, may establish and publish their own periodic projections for our business. These projections may vary widely from one another and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Our stock price may decline if our actual results do not match securities research analysts’ projections. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who writes reports on us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company or fails to publish reports on us regularly, our stock price or trading volume could decline. While we expect securities research analyst coverage, if no securities or industry analysts begin to cover us, the trading price for our stock and the trading volume could be adversely affected. 