 15 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 28 Item 2. Properties 28 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 PART II 30 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 30 Item 6. Selected Consolidated Financial Data 32 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 34 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 54 Item 8. Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 54 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 94 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 94 Item 9B. Other Information 94 PART III 95 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 95 Item 11. Executive Compensation 95 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 95 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 96 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 96 PART IV 97 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 97 Signatures 101 Invisalign, Align, the Invisalign logo, ClinCheck, Invisalign Assist, Invisalign Teen, Vivera, SmartForce, SmartTrack, SmartStage, Power Ridge, iTero, Orthocad, iCast and iRecord, among others, are trademarks and/or service marks of Align Technology, Inc. or one of its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and may be registered in the United States and/or other countries. 2 In addition to historical information, this annual report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These statements include, among other things, our expectations regarding the anticipated impact of our new products and product enhancements including Invisalign G5 and ClinCheck Pro will have on doctor utilization and our market share, our expectations regarding product mix and product adoption, our expectations regarding the existence and impact of seasonality, our expectations regarding the financial and strategic benefits of our iTero scanner, our expectations regarding the continued expansion of our international markets the level of our operating expenses and gross margins, and other factors beyond our control, as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects and business strategies. These statements may contain words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” or other words indicating future results. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Item 2 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, and in particular, the risks discussed below in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors”. We undertake no obligation to revise or update these forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Our Company Align Technology, Inc (“We”, “Our”, “Align”) designs, manufactures and markets a system of clear aligner therapy, intra-oral scanners and CAD/CAM (computer-aided design and computer-aided manufacturing) digital services used in dentistry, orthodontics, and dental records storage. Align Technology was founded in March 1997 and incorporated in Delaware in April 1997. Our headquarters are located at 2560 Orchard Parkway, San Jose, California 95131, and our telephone number is 408-470-1000. Our internet address is www.aligntech.com. Our international headquarters are located in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. We have two operating segments: (1) Clear Aligner, known as the Invisalign System; and (2) Scanners and Services ("Scanner"), known as the iTero intra-oral scanner and OrthoCAD services and formerly referred to as our Scanners and CAD/CAM Services segment ("SCCS"). For the year ended December 31, 2014 , Clear Aligner revenues represent approximately 94 percent of worldwide revenue, while Scanners represent the remaining 6 percent of worldwide revenues. We distribute the vast majority of our products directly to our customers: orthodontists and general practitioner dentists ("GPs"), as well as to restorative dentists, including prosthodontists, periodontists, and oral surgeons. We received 510(k) clearance from the United States Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) to market the Invisalign System in 1998. The Invisalign System is regulated by the FDA as a Class II medical device. In order to provide Invisalign treatment to their patients, orthodontists and GPs must initially complete an Invisalign training course. The Invisalign System is primarily sold through a direct sales force in the United States ("U.S."), Canada, Europe, and certain Asia Pacific countries including Australia, New Zealand, China and Japan. We use a distributor model for the sale of our products in non-core country markets in the Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa ("EMEA"), and Latin America regions. We acquired the iTero digital intra-oral scanner and CAD/CAM services business, our Scanner segment, in April 2011. Our iTero scanner is used by dental professionals and/or labs and services for restorative and orthodontic digital procedures as well as Invisalign digital impression submission. We received 501(k) clearance from the FDA to market iTero software for expanded indications in 2013. Scanners and CAD/CAM Services are primarily sold through our direct sales force in North America and in select international markets primarily through distribution partners. Clear Aligner Segment Malocclusion and Traditional Orthodontic Treatment Malocclusion, or the misalignment of teeth, is one of the most prevalent clinical dental conditions, affecting nearly a billion people, or approximately 50% to 75% of the population of major developed countries. Approximately 6.8 million people annually elect treatment by orthodontists worldwide, of which approximately 2.6 million have mild to moderate malocclusion and are applicable to Invisalign treatment - our served market. 3 In the U.S., orthodontists and GPs treat malocclusion primarily with metal arch wires and brackets, referred to as braces, and augment braces with elastics, metal bands, headgear and other ancillary devices as needed. Available options for improving treatment aesthetics include the use of ceramic, tooth-colored brackets or bonding brackets on the inside, or lingual surface, of the patient’s teeth. The average treatment takes approximately 12 to 24 months to complete and requires several hours of direct dental professional involvement, known in the industry as “chair time,” including the initial diagnosis, creation of an appropriate treatment plan and bonding of the brackets to the patient’s teeth, and attachment of arch wires to the brackets. Subsequent visits involve tightening or otherwise adjusting the braces approximately every six weeks until the final visit when the dental professional removes each bracket and residual bonding agent from the patient’s teeth. Upon completion of the treatment, the dental professional may, at his or her discretion, have the patient use a retainer. The Invisalign System The Invisalign System is a proprietary method for treating malocclusion based on a series of doctor-prescribed, custom manufactured, clear plastic removable orthodontic aligners. The Invisalign System offers a range of treatment options, specialized services, and proprietary software for treatment visualization and is comprised of the following phases: Orthodontic diagnosis and transmission of treatment data to us . The dental professional prepares and sends us a patient’s treatment data package which consists of a prescription form, a polyvinyl-siloxane, (or "PVS") impression of the relevant dental arches, photographs of the patient and, at the dental professional’s election, x-rays of the patient’s dentition. The dental professional can also submit an intra-oral scan or “digital impression” instead of a physical PVS impression through either iTero or 3M True Definition, currently the only other Invisalign qualified intra-oral scanner. Preparation of 3D computer models of the patient’s initial malocclusion . Upon receipt, we use the treatment data package to construct digital models of the patient’s dentition. In cases where a PVS impression has been submitted, we use computed tomography, known as CT scanning to develop a digital, three-dimensional computer model of the patient’s current dentition. In cases where the dental professional submits a digital impression, this step in the process is eliminated. Preparation of computer-simulated treatment and viewing of treatment using ClinCheck software . We transform this initial digital model into a proposed custom, three-dimensional treatment plan, called a ClinCheck treatment plan. The ClinCheck plan simulates appropriate tooth movement broken down into a series of two-week increments, and details timing and placement of any attachments that will be used during treatment. Attachments are tooth-colored “buttons” that are sometimes used to increase the biomechanical force on a specific tooth or teeth in order to effect the desired movement. The patient’s ClinCheck treatment plan is then made available to the prescribing dental professional via the Invisalign Doctor Site which enables the dental professional to project tooth movement with a level of accuracy not previously possible with metal arch wires and brackets. By reviewing and amending the treatment simulation, the dental professional retains control over the treatment plan. ClinCheck Pro is the next generation Invisalign treatment software tool, designed to provide more precise control over final tooth position and to help Invisalign providers achieve their treatment goals. This latest software innovation features interactive 3D controls that, for the first time, allow Invisalign providers to make adjustments to the position of individual teeth directly on the 3D model and to visualize the effects on the whole dentition in real time. Construction of molds corresponding to each step of treatment . Upon the dental professional’s approval of the ClinCheck treatment plan, we use the data underlying the simulation, in conjunction with stereolithography technology, to construct a series of molds depicting the future position of the patient’s teeth. Each mold is a replica of the patient’s teeth at each two-week stage of the simulated course of treatment. Manufacture of aligners and shipment to the dental professional . From these molds, aligners are fabricated by pressure-forming polymeric sheets over each mold. Aligners are thin, clear plastic, removable dental appliances that are custom manufactured in a series to correspond to each two-week stage of the ClinCheck animation. Aligners are generally worn for consecutive two-week periods which correspond to the approved ClinCheck treatment plan. After two weeks of use, the patient replaces them with the next pair in the series, advancing tooth movement with each aligner stage. Throughout treatment, the doctor may place attachments or use other auxiliaries to achieve desired tooth movements, per the doctor’s original prescription and resulting ClinCheck treatment plan. Retention . Upon completion of the treatment, the patient may be prescribed our single clear retainer product or our Vivera Retainer product. 4 Scanners and Services Segment Although advancements have been made in materials used for taking dental impressions since their introduction one hundred years ago, the overall impression process has remained relatively unchanged. Shortcomings such as voids, pulls, and the general margin for error have remained inherent in conventional impressions, and subsequent retakes create unnecessary costs for a clinical practice. Intra-oral scanning is an emerging technology that we believe will have substantial impact on the future of dentistry. By enabling the dental practitioner to create a 3D image of the patient’s teeth using a handheld intra-oral scanner inside the mouth, intra-oral scanning is more efficient and precise and more comfortable for patients, compared to the mess, discomfort, and subjective nature of taking physical impressions. The digital model created with an intra-oral scanner is more accurate than a physical impression and substantially reduces the rate of restoration “remakes” so patients are recalled less often and the appointment time for the restoration is shorter because of fewer adjustments, which results in greater overall patient satisfaction. As the only intra-oral scanner in the market based on parallel confocal imaging, the iTero intra-oral scanner utilizes laser and optical scanning to capture the contours of the patient’s dentition, gingival structures and the bite. iTero captures 100,000 points of laser light in perfect focus without the use of powder to coat the teeth, allowing for contact of the wand and tooth. The benefit of contact scanning for the clinician is that it eliminates the challenge of hovering over the teeth at a specific distance which can be complicated. For the patient, they enjoy a more comfortable powder free experience which allows the clinician to provide a very comfortable patient centric experience. Within minutes, an accurate 3D digital impression can be viewed on the screen. The 3D digital model file can be used for various procedures and services including fabrication of physical dental models for use by labs to create restorative units such as veneers, inlays, onlays, crowns, bridges and implant abutments; Invisalign digital impression submission; digital records storage; orthodontic diagnosis; and orthodontic retainers and appliances. The iTero intra-oral scanner consists of a mobile computer unit, display screen, control foot pedal and wand to scan and capture a patient’s dentition (full or partial dental arch). iTero software features include occlusal map, eraser tool, edge trim tool, real-time modeling and an option to submit scans for Invisalign treatment. iTero provides doctors and labs with an open choice to export generic digital files of their digital impression to use with other third party dental service providers. This allows the digital impression to integrate with cone beam CT images for implant and orthodontic treatment planning. In-office training on the system and features is provided after the unit is delivered to the practice. Our Products and Services Our net revenues are generated from the sale of the following product offerings: Fiscal Year Percentage of Net Revenues by Product 2014 2013 2012 Invisalign Full Products 77 % 75 % 78 % Invisalign Express Products 11 11 9 Invisalign Non-case* 6 7 5 Scanners and Services 6 7 8 Total net revenues 100 % 100 % 100 % * Non-case net revenues include retainers, training revenues, and ancillary offerings under our Clear Aligner product lines Clear Aligner Products Invisalign Full . Used for a wide range of malocclusion, the Invisalign Full treatment consists of the number of aligners necessary to achieve the doctor’s treatment goals. Invisalign Full treatment aligners are manufactured and then delivered to the dental professionals in a single shipment. Invisalign Full is sold in the U.S., Canada, and our international regions. The Invisalign Full product is included in "Invisalign Full Products." Invisalign Teen. The Invisalign Teen treatment includes all the features of Invisalign Full treatment, plus additional features that address the orthodontic needs of teenage patients such as compliance indicators, compensation for tooth eruption and six free single arch replacement aligners. This product is predominantly marketed to orthodontists who treat the vast majority of malocclusion in teenage patients. Invisalign Teen treatment aligners (other than the replacement aligners) are manufactured and 5 then delivered to the dental professionals in a single shipment. Invisalign Teen is sold in the U.S., Canada, and our international regions. The Invisalign Teen product is included in "Invisalign Full Products". Invisalign Assist. Used for anterior alignment and aesthetically-oriented cases, the Invisalign Assist treatment offers added support to our dental practitioners throughout the treatment process, including progress tracking that allows the dental professional to submit new impressions every nine stages. When the progress tracking feature is selected, aligners are shipped to the dental professional after every nine stages thereby helping to achieve successful treatment outcomes. Predominantly marketed to GPs, Invisalign Assist is intended to make it easier to select appropriate cases for their experience level or treatment approach, submit cases more efficiently and manage appointments with suggested tasks. Invisalign Assist is sold in the U.S. and Canada. The Invisalign Assist product is included in "Invisalign Full Products". Invisalign Express (10 and 5) and Invisalign Lite/i7. Invisalign Express treatment, Invisalign Lite treatment and Invisalign i7 treatment are lower-cost solutions for less complex orthodontic cases, non-comprehensive treatment relapse cases, or straightening prior to restorative or cosmetic treatments such as veneers. Invisalign Express 10 and Invisalign Express 5, which are sold in the U.S. and Canada, uses up to 10 and 5 sets of aligners, respectively. Invisalign Lite and Invisalign i7, sold in our international regions, uses up to 14 and 7 sets of aligners, respectively. For Invisalign Express/Lite/i7, aligners are manufactured and then delivered to the dental professionals in a single shipment. The Invisalign Express (10 and 5) products and Invisalign Lite /i7 products are included in "Invisalign Express Products". Retention . We offer two products for post treatment retention. The first is a single set of custom clear aligner retainers. The second is offered as a set of four custom clear aligners called Vivera Retainers made with proprietary material strong enough to maintain tooth position and correct minor relapse if necessary. Each set of Vivera Retainers is intended to be used for three consecutive months and deliver one year of retention. Doctors can prescribe Vivera Retainers for their Invisalign and their non-Invisalign patients. Invisalign non-case revenues . Invisalign non-case revenues represent retainer products discussed above, Invisalign training fees and sales of ancillary products, such as cleaning material and adjusting tools used by dental professionals during the course of treatment. Feature Enhancements. We have consistently introduced enhanced features across the Invisalign System over the past several years, such as Invisalign G3 (launched in October 2010), Invisalign G4 (launched in November 2011), and Invisalign G5 (launched in February 2014). Most recently, in November 2014, we announced the upcoming release of Invisalign G6 clinical innovations for first premolar extraction. These feature enhancements are a collection of clinical innovations designed to address some of the most significant treatment challenges doctors encounter. Invisalign G5 is our first set of innovations designed specifically as an integrated solution to enhance treatment predictability for deep bite, a specific type of malocclusion. Invisalign G5 feature enhancements include: • Precision Cuts, which are custom mesial and distal hooks used to provide anchorage for elastics and button cutouts to accommodate buttons bonded to the tooth aimed to help treat patients with Class II and Class III malocclusion; and • SmartForce features engineered to achieve more predictable tooth movements using custom optimized attachments and Power Ridges designed to provide additional force in cases where certain types of root movement are prescribed. • Precision aligner bite ramps designed to disocclude the posterior teeth for improved efficiency in deep bite treatments. Invisalign G6 is engineered to improve clinical outcomes for orthodontic treatment of severe crowding and bimaxillary protrusion. Invisalign G6 clinical innovations will be available to Invisalign-trained providers beginning in the first quarter of 2015 with limited commercialization, followed by full commercialization in Asia Pacific, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America geographies throughout 2015 and North America in early 2016. Invisalign G6 feature enhancements include: • New SmartStage programmed tooth movements that optimize the progression of tooth movements and provide aligner activation, engineered to eliminate unwanted tipping and unwanted anterior extrusion during retraction. • New SmartForce features that are designed to deliver the force systems necessary to achieve predictable tooth movements. These new features include Optimized Retraction Attachments, designed to work with SmartStage technology for effective bodily movement during canine retraction, with or without elastics, and new Optimized Anchorage Attachments, designed to work with SmartStage technology to maximize posterior anchorage. 6 SmartTrack ™ Aligner Material. SmartTrack, the next generation of Invisalign clear aligner material is a proprietary, custom-engineered material that delivers gentle, more constant force considered ideal for orthodontic tooth movements. Conventional aligner materials relax and lose a substantial percent of energy in the initial days of aligner wear, but SmartTrack maintains more constant force over the two weeks that a patient wears the aligners. The flexible SmartTrack material also more precisely conforms to tooth morphology, attachments, and interproximal spaces to improve control of tooth movement throughout treatment. SmartTrack became the new standard clear aligner material for Invisalign products in North America beginning January 2013 and in February 2013 for Europe and other international markets where we have obtained regulatory approval. Scanners and Services Products Scanners iTero Scanner . The iTero scanner is available as a single hardware platform with software options for restorative or orthodontic procedures. The iTero scanner includes our innovative powderless technology and features a modern design, scanning wand and easy-to-use keyboard design with full color model rendering, enabling clinicians to show patients a life-like final model of their scanned dentition. We market and sell the iTero in North America and in select international markets. The iTero scanner is interoperable with our Invisalign treatment such that a full arch digital scan can be submitted for the Invisalign case submission process treatment. In January 2014, we announced that we qualified the 3M™ True Definition scanner for use with Invisalign case submissions. This qualification enables Invisalign providers with a True Definition scanner to submit a digital impression in place of a traditional PVS impression as part of the Invisalign case submission process. We support an open systems approach to digital impressions and continue to work with intraoral scanning companies interested in developing interoperability for use with Invisalign treatment. Restorative software for iTero. Software designed for GPs, prosthodontists, periodontists, and oral surgeons which includes features for restorative procedures commonly performed in their practices such as veneers, inlays, onlays, crowns, bridges and implants. The iTero restorative software provides the ability to scan quadrants and full arches, and allows simple powder-free capture of digital impressions for single-unit cases as well as more complex restorative and implant treatment plans. The iTero software also contains Invisalign interoperability to support clear aligner orthodontic treatment. In the past year, we have expanded the digital workflow options to include several partnerships which provide our customers with a broader spectrum of CAD/CAM options. Connectivity partnership announcements include: • IOS Technologies Inc, a wholly owned subsidiary of Glidewell Laboratories, provides the option to mill same-day restorations in the office. • DENTSPLY Implants featuring connectivity with ATLANTIS™ custom abutments. • Zimmer Dental, Inc. with connectivity with Zimmer Zfx custom abutments for implants. Orthodontic software for iTero. Software designed for orthodontists for digital records storage, orthodontic diagnosis, Invisalign digital impression submission, and for the fabrication of printed models and retainers. The iTero orthodontic software digitally captures the contours of the dentition and the gingival structures, providing an accurate, powder-free digital orthodontic scan in just minutes. This digital impression procedure ensures a more comfortable patient experience and produces a precise scan that can be seamlessly integrated with Invisalign treatment, OrthoCAD iCast, and OrthoCAD iRecord which allows a doctor to utilize sophisticated measurement and treatment planning tools. CAD/CAM Services iTero Models and Dies. An accurate physical model and dies are manufactured based on the digital scan and sent to the laboratory of the dentist’s choice for completion of the needed restoration. The laboratory also has the option to export the digital file for immediate production of coping and full-contour restorations on their laboratory CAD/CAM systems. The laboratory conducts then completes the ceramic buildup or staining and glazing and delivers the end result - a precisely fitting restoration. iTero prosthetics have a near-zero remake rate. OrthoCAD iCast. iCast provides a digital alternative to traditional stone cast models which allows for simplified storage and digital record retrieval. The iCast digital model contains a full American Board of Orthodontics ("ABO") base and is available from an iTero scan or from a traditional alginate impression. 7 OrthoCAD iRecord. iRecord provides a digital alternative to traditional stone cast models which allows for simplified storage and digital record retrieval. This simplified model without an ABO base is an economical option for record retention. iRecord is available exclusively from an iTero scan. Chair Side Applications Invisalign Outcome Simulator . In January 2013, we announced the commercial availability of the Invisalign Outcome Simulator, our first Invisalign chair-side application powered by the iTero scanner. The interactive application provides GPs and orthodontists an enhanced platform for patient education and is designed to increase treatment acceptance by helping patients visualize the benefits possible with Invisalign treatment. As the only Invisalign chair-side intra-oral scanning application on the market, the Invisalign Outcome Simulator's unique dual view layout shows a prospective patient an image of his/her own current dentition next to his/her simulated final position of how their teeth may look after Invisalign treatment. Using a full arch Invisalign scan, the Invisalign Outcome Simulator takes a few minutes to run and may be viewed chair-side, on the scanner, or from a computer using MyAlignTech.com. Intuitive tools allow doctors to make real-time adjustments to individual teeth during consultations that increase patient education and the likelihood of patient acceptance. Our iTero scanner includes orthodontic software, restorative software, or both, and the Invisalign Outcome Simulator. The orthodontic or restorative software may also be purchased subsequently for an upgrade fee. The Invisalign Outcome Simulator is not available for sale separately. Other proprietary software mentioned in this Annual Report on Form 10-K such as ClinCheck and ClinCheck Pro software, the Invisalign Doctor Site, and enhanced feature solutions such as Invisalign G5 are included as part of the Invisalign System and are not sold separately nor do they contribute as individual items of revenue. Business Strategy Our goal is to establish Invisalign clear aligners as the standard method for treating malocclusion and to establish the iTero intra-oral scanner as the preferred scanning protocol for 3D digital scans, ultimately driving increased product adoption by dental professionals. We intend to achieve this by continued focus and execution of our strategic growth drivers: Market Expansion, Doctor Preference, and Brand Strength. 1. Market Expansion . We expect to continue to grow and expand our business by investing in resources, infrastructure, and initiatives that will drive growth from both a geographic and market segment standpoint. From a geographic standpoint, we focus our efforts on expanding our sales territory coverage in all of our direct sales geographies, with particular emphasis in our highest growth areas such as Europe and the Asia Pacific region. We strive to make sure that our new geographies and our expanded territories internationally have everything they need from the products, to the support, to the people, in order to successfully establish Invisalign as the treatment of choice for orthodontics in each geographic market. From a market segment standpoint, we are focused on two important markets: adults and teenagers. We believe expansion in these two markets can be achieved through product innovations that can expand the types of indications our Invisalign products can treat, as well as by expanding the overall market for orthodontics, primarily with adults who would not otherwise seek treatment with traditional wires and brackets. We believe continued market expansion can be achieved by having the right products, services, and communications worldwide to give our doctors the confidence they need to treat with Invisalign more often and attract potential patients to their practice so they ask for Invisalign by name. In parallel with these investments, we also engage in professional marketing, clinical support and education initiatives that support doctor practice development and facilitate the continued growth of their practices. In our iTero scanner business, we leverage our combined sales and marketing resources to facilitate the adoption and penetration of each product into our doctors’ practices. Many of our customers recognize that having an iTero scanner at chair-side improves practice effectiveness for Invisalign as evidenced by higher Invisalign utilization rates among customers with an iTero scanner. 2. Doctor Preference. We want all of our doctors to have the confidence and motivation to lead with Invisalign for every patient that walks into their practice. We strive to achieve this by investing in two areas. First, continuing to improve product predictability and applicability for more complex cases thereby expanding the types of malocclusion that our Invisalign products can treat. As an example, we launched Invisalign G5 in February 2014, which represented our first set of features engineered specifically to treat deep bite malocclusion. We estimate that deep bite manifests itself in approximately 30% to 40% of the orthodontic cases treated worldwide depending on geography. We also recently 8 announced the upcoming release of Invisalign G6 clinical innovations for first premolar extractions. The nature of malocclusion that requires first premolar tooth extraction is an orthodontic problem that affects more than 50% of people in Asia, 20% in Europe and 12% in North America. Secondly, enhancing the customer’s experience by making it easier to treat with and integrate Invisalign into their practices. As an example, we launched ClinCheck Pro in February 2014, the next generation Invisalign treatment software tool, designed to simplify the treatment process and help our doctors achieve their treatment goals. 3. Brand Strength. Our goal is to make Invisalign a highly recognized name brand worldwide by creating awareness for Invisalign treatment among consumers and motiving potential patients to seek treatment from an Invisalign provider. In support of this objective, we invest in initiatives designed to strengthen our global brand name recognition and drive consumer purchase intent. We accomplish this objective through an integrated consumer marketing strategy that includes television, media, social networking and event marketing. Manufacturing and Suppliers Our manufacturing facilities are located in Juarez, Mexico, where we conduct our aligner fabrication, distribute and repair our scanners, perform our CAD/CAM services, and in Or Yehuda, Israel where we produce our handheld intra-oral scanner wand. The final assembly of our iTero scanner is performed by a third party manufacturer located in Israel. Our Invisalign digital treatment planning and interpretation for iTero restorative cases are conducted primarily at our facility located in San Jose, Costa Rica. Information regarding risks associated with our manufacturing process and foreign operations may be found in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” Our quality system is required to be in compliance with the Quality System regulations enforced by the FDA, and similar regulations enforced by other worldwide regulatory authorities. We are certified to EN ISO 13485:2003, an internationally recognized standard for medical device manufacturing. We have a formal, documented quality system by which quality objectives are defined, understood and achieved. Systems, processes and procedures are implemented to ensure high levels of product and service quality. We monitor the effectiveness of the quality system based on internal data and direct customer feedback and strive to continually improve our systems and processes, taking corrective action, as needed. Since the manufacturing process of our products requires substantial and varied technical expertise, we believe that our manufacturing capabilities are important to our success. In order to produce our highly customized, highly precise, medical quality products in volume, we have developed a number of proprietary processes and technologies. These technologies include complex software algorithms and solutions, CT scanning, stereolithography and automated aligner fabrication. To increase the efficiency of our manufacturing processes, we continue to focus our efforts on software development and the improvement of rate-limiting processes, or bottlenecks. We continuously upgrade our proprietary, three-dimensional treatment planning software to enhance computer analysis of treatment data and to reduce time spent on manual and judgmental tasks for each case, thereby increasing the efficiency of our technicians in Costa Rica. In addition, to improve efficiency and increase the scale of our operations, we continue to invest in the development of automated systems for the fabrication and packaging of aligners. We are highly dependent on manufacturers of specialized scanning equipment, rapid prototyping machines, resin and other advanced materials for our aligners, as well as the optics, electronic and other mechanical components of our intra-oral scanners. We maintain single supply relationships for many of these machines and materials technologies. In particular, our CT scanning and stereolithography equipment used in our aligner manufacturing and many of the critical components for the optics of our intra-oral scanners are provided by single suppliers. We are also committed to purchasing all of our resin and polymer, the primary raw materials used in our manufacturing process for clear aligners, from a single source. The need to replace one of our single source suppliers could cause a disruption in our ability to timely deliver certain of our products or increase costs. See Item 1A Risk Factors — “We maintain single supply relationships for certain of our key machines and materials technologies, and our business and operating results could be harmed if supply is restricted or ends or the price of raw materials used in our manufacturing process increases.” Sales and Marketing Our sales efforts are focused primarily on the Invisalign System and continuing to increase adoption and utilization by orthodontists and GPs worldwide. In North America, Europe and certain Asia Pacific country markets, we have direct sales and support organizations, which includes quota carrying sales representatives, sales management, and sales administration. Currently, we have several distribution partners that sell the Invisalign System in smaller non-core country markets in the EMEA, Asia Pacific and Latin America regions. We evaluate adding distribution partners in other non-core country markets on a case-by-case basis or assess modifying our current distribution agreements, as our international business grows. We continued 9 to expand in our existing markets through targeted investments in sales coverage, professional marketing and education programs, along with consumer marketing in selected country markets. In addition, given the significant long term potential the EMEA geography represents and the support we can now provide by utilizing our direct coverage model in Europe, beginning in February 2014, we began the transition of a small number of countries into direct sales regions. We continued the transition of additional smaller countries during the year which will continue through February 2015. We expect to leverage our existing infrastructure and resources to bring sales coverage and customer support to these countries, most of which are adjacent to our directly covered European countries. Due to the small volume of business from our EMEA distributor, we do not anticipate that this transition will have a material effect on our financial results in the next several years. For the iTero scanner, we have a small team of direct sales representatives in North America. Our intra-oral scanner sales team leverages leads generated by our Invisalign sales and marketing resources, including customer events and industry trade-shows. We sell the iTero scanner in select country markets internationally and will look to grow the scanner business over time. We market Invisalign by communicating the benefits of the Invisalign System to dental professionals through our training programs, online and traditional mail campaigns, trade shows, trade journals and print. We also promote the benefits of Invisalign through our integrated consumer marketing platform which combines traditional print and broadcast media with a balanced mix of public relations, event marketing, and social media. The goal of this platform is to raise awareness of Invisalign as the best options for a healthy, beautiful smile among adults and teenagers. In addition, our consumer marketing platform enables us to help prospective patients find a great Invisalign treatment practice that can meet their needs. For intra-oral scanners, in addition to leveraging Invisalign customer events and industry trade-shows to communicate the benefits of digital scanning to dental professionals, we also have training programs, educational websites and limited print advertising. We provide training, marketing and clinical support to orthodontists and GPs. In 2014 , we had approximately 43,340 active Invisalign providers. Research and Development We are committed to investing in world-class technology development, which we believe is critical to achieving our goal of establishing the Invisalign System as the standard method for treating malocclusion and our intra-oral scanning platform as the preferred scanning protocol for 3D digital scans. Our research and development expenses were $52.8 million , $44.1 million , and $42.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively. Our research and development activities are directed toward developing the technology innovations that we believe will deliver our next generation of products and platforms. Our research and development activities range from accelerating product and clinical innovation, to developing manufacturing process improvements, to researching future technologies and products. In an effort to demonstrate Invisalign’s broad treatment capabilities, various clinical case studies and articles have been published that highlight the clinical applicability of Invisalign to malocclusion cases, including those of severe complexity. We undertake pre-commercialization trials and testing of our technological improvements to the product and manufacturing process. Intellectual Property We believe our intellectual property position represents a substantial business advantage. As of December 31, 2014 , we had 352 issued U.S. patents, 97 pending U.S. patent applications, and 257 foreign issued patents, as well as 108 pending foreign patent applications. We continue to pursue further intellectual property protection through U.S. and foreign patent applications and non-disclosure agreements. We also seek to protect our software, documentation and other written materials under trade secret and copyright laws. We cannot be certain that patents will be issued as a result of any patent application or that patents that have been issued to us or that may be issued in the future will be found to be valid and enforceable and sufficient to protect our technology or products. Our intellectual property rights may not be successfully asserted in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. In addition, the laws of various foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. Our inability to protect our proprietary information could harm our business. Information regarding risks associated with failing to protect our proprietary technology and our intellectual property rights may be found in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” 10 Seasonal Fluctuations General economic conditions impact our business and financial results, and we experience seasonal trends related to our two operating segments, customer channels and the geographic locations that we serve. For example, European sales of Invisalign treatment are often weaker in the summer months due to our customers and their patients being on holiday. In North America, summer is typically the busiest season for orthodontists with practices that have a high percentage of adolescent and teenage patients as many parents want to get their teenagers started in treatment before the start of the school year; however, many GPs are on vacation during this time and therefore tend to start fewer cases. For our Scanner segment, capital equipment sales are often stronger in the fourth calendar quarter. Consequently, these seasonal trends have caused and may continue to cause, fluctuations in our quarterly results, including fluctuations in sequential revenue growth rates. Backlog Due to the individualized nature of an Invisalign treatment which is prescribed by a doctor, no two cases are alike, and we maintain relatively low levels of backlog. The period from which a treatment data package (or “a case”) is received until the acceptance of the digital ClinCheck treatment plan is dependent on the dental professional’s discretion to modify, accept or cancel the treatment plan. Therefore, we consider the case a firm order to manufacture aligners once the dental professional has approved the ClinCheck treatment plan. Our Invisalign backlog consists of ClinCheck treatment plans that have been accepted but not yet shipped. Because aligners are shipped shortly after the ClinCheck treatment plan has been accepted, we believe that backlog is not a good indicator of future Invisalign sales. Our quarterly Invisalign revenues can be impacted by the timing of the ClinCheck treatment plan acceptances and our ability to ship those cases in the same quarter. We define our intra-oral scanner backlog as orders where payment is reasonably assured and credit and financing is approved but the scanner has not yet shipped. Our intra-oral scanner backlog as of December 31, 2014 was not material. Competition We operate in a highly competitive market and we encounter a wide variety of competitors, including larger companies or divisions of larger companies with substantial sales, marketing, research and financial capabilities. We also face competition from early stage companies. Although the number of competitors varies by segment, currently our products compete directly against products manufactured and distributed by various companies, both within and outside the U.S., including Danaher Corporation, 3M, Sirona Dental Systems, Inc. and Dentsply International, Inc. Information regarding risks associated with increased competition may be found in Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading “Risk Factors.” Key competitive factors include: • effectiveness of treatment; • price; • software features; • aesthetic appeal of the treatment method; • customer support; • customer online interface; • brand awareness; • innovation; • distribution network; • comfort associated with the treatment method; • oral hygiene; • ease of use; and • dental professionals’ chair time. We believe that our products compare favorably with our competitors’ products with respect to each of these factors. 11 Government Regulation In order for us to market our products, we must obtain regulatory authorization and comply with extensive product and quality system regulations. These regulations, including the requirements for approvals or clearance and the time required for regulatory review, vary from country to country. Failure to obtain regulatory approval and to meet all local requirements including language and specific safety standards in any country in which we currently market or plan to market our products could prevent us from marketing products in such countries or subject us to sanctions and fines. The approval by government authorities is unpredictable and uncertain and may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in receipt of, or a failure to receive, such approvals or clearances, or the loss of any previously received approvals or clearances, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We believe we are in compliance with all FDA, federal and state laws and International regulatory requirements that are applicable to our products and manufacturing operations. Country-specific regulatory framework and requirements are highlighted in the following examples: U.S. In the U.S., the Medical Device Amendments of 1976 to the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act ("FDA Act") and its subsequent amendments, and the regulations, provide the FDA with authority over medical devices and the research, clinical testing, manufacture, labeling, distribution, sale, and promotion of such devices. Medical devices are classified into one of three classes (Class I, II or III). The class to which the device is assigned determines, among other things, the type of pre-marketing submission/application required for market authorization. Our Invisalign aligners and intra-oral scanners are classified as Class II medical devices and we have obtained applicable 510(k) clearances for our marketed products. The FDA Act also requires manufactured devices to comply with applicable Quality System Regulations which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us with respect to design, development, manufacturing and quality assurance activities, including the reporting of adverse experiences with the use of the device. We are subject to unannounced inspections by regulatory authorities to determine compliance with applicable regulations, and these inspections may include the manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors. Labeling and promotion activities are subject to scrutiny by the FDA and, in certain instances, by the Federal Trade Commission. The FDA actively enforces regulations prohibiting marketing of products for unapproved uses. Noncompliance with applicable requirements can result in, among other things, warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recall or seizures of products, total or partial suspension of production, failure of the government to grant pre-market clearance or approval for devices, withdrawal of marketing approvals, and criminal prosecution. The FDA also has the authority to request repair, replacement or refund of the cost of any medical device manufactured or distributed by us. European Union The member states of the European Union ("EU") have adopted the European Medical Device Directives (MDD 93/42/EEC) that form a single set of medical device regulations for all EU member countries. The MDD defines the quality system, safety, and performance requirements to be met by manufacturers for their products, called the Essential Requirements. Certification to ISO 13485, an international standard for quality management systems, demonstrates compliance with the quality system requirements outlined in the MDD. Our Quality Management System is ISO 13485 certified by the British Standards Institute, an approved full scope Notified Body (as defined in the regulations). Canada In Canada, the system of approval for medical devices is governed by the Medical Device Regulations of the Department of Justice (SOR/98-282), including quality system requirements based on ISO 13485, facility registration, and device licensing. The scope of our Quality Management System certification includes the additional requirements defined by Health Canada. Japan In Japan, the Ministry of Health, Labour, and Welfare (MHLW), regulates medical devices under the Pharmaceutical Affairs Law ("PAL"). Manufacturers with no local presence in Japan must appoint a Marketing Authorization Holder ("MAH") to manage their device registration process and liaise with the Pharmaceutical and Medical Devices Agency ("PMDA"), Japan’s medical device market regulator. Manufacturers of Class II, III and IV devices must implement a quality system compliant with the PAL and MHLW Ordinance #169 (Japan QMS Regulation) and submit QMS Conformity Assessment Application. The scope of our 12 Quality Management System certification includes the additional requirements defined by PAL and Invisalign has been authorized for sale. China In China, the China Food and Drug Administration ("CFDA") regulates medical devices. The device classification process in China differs significantly from those in the EU and the U.S., and approval of the medical device in the country of origin is required before beginning the registration process. Compliance with U.S. FDA Quality System Requirements and/or ISO 13485 will satisfy CFDA quality management system requirements. CFDA has approved our submission for Invisalign. Other Government Oversight We are also subject to various laws inside and outside the U.S. concerning our relationships with healthcare professionals and government officials, price reporting and regulation, the promotion, sales and marketing of our products and services, the importation and exportation of our products, the operation of our facilities and distribution of our products. As a global company, we are subject to varying degrees of government regulation in the various countries in which we do business, and the general trend is toward increasingly stringent oversight and enforcement. Initiatives sponsored by government agencies, legislative bodies, and the private sector to limit the growth of healthcare expenses generally are ongoing in markets where we do business. It is not possible to predict at this time the long-term impact of such cost containment measures on our future business. Our customers are healthcare providers that may be reimbursed by federally funded programs such as Medicaid or a foreign national healthcare program, each of which may offer some degree of oversight. Many government agencies, both domestic and foreign, have increased their enforcement activities with respect to healthcare providers and companies in recent years. Enforcement actions and associated defense can be expensive, and any resulting findings carry the risk of significant civil and criminal penalties. For example, the U.S. Federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act went into effect in 2014 which requires public transparency of transfers of value to physicians. We are also subject to numerous data protection requirements that span from individual state and national laws in the US to multinational requirements in the EU. In the U.S., final regulations implementing amendments to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) became effective in the latter part of 2013 with the HIPAA Omnibus Rule. The EU is currently considering a proposal to enact legislation governing data protection which would transform the current mix of European countries’ laws to one overarching multinational law. Meanwhile, the Asia Pacific region has also seen rapid development of privacy laws, including in Singapore, Hong Kong, and Australia. We believe we have designed our product and service offerings to be compliant with the requirements of applicable data protection laws and regulations. Maintaining systems that are compliant with these laws and regulations is costly and could require complex changes in the way we do business or provide services to our customers and their patients. Additionally, our success may be dependent on the success of healthcare providers in managing data protection requirements. Employees As of December 31, 2014 , we had approximately 3,580 employees, including 2,320 in manufacturing and operations, 730 in sales and marketing which includes customer care, 260 in research and development and 270 in general and administrative functions. Available Information Our website is located at www.aligntech.com , and our investor relations website is located at http://investor.aligntech.com . The information on or accessible through our websites is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, our proxy statement on Schedule 14A for our annual stockholders’ meeting and amendments to such reports are available, free of charge, on our investor relations website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material with the SEC. Further, a copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is located at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov . 13 Executive Officers of the Registrant The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers as of February 26, 2015 : Name Age Position Thomas M. Prescott 59 President and Chief Executive Officer David L. White 59 Chief Financial Officer Jennifer M. Erfurth 45 Vice President, Global Human Resources Roger E. George 49 Vice President, Corporate and Legal Affairs and General Counsel John P. Graham 46 Vice President, Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer Timothy A. Mack 56 Vice President, Business Development Raphael Pascaud 43 Vice President, International Christopher C. Puco 54 Vice President, North American Sales Zelko Relic 50 Vice President, Research & Development Emory M. Wright 45 Vice President, Operations Thomas M. Prescott has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer and as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2002. Prior to joining us, Mr. Prescott was President and Chief Executive Officer of Cardiac Pathways, Inc., a publicly-traded medical device company, from May 1999 until its acquisition by Boston Scientific in August 2001. Mr. Prescott then worked as a consultant for Boston Scientific Corporation until January 2002. Prior to working at Cardiac Pathways, Mr. Prescott held various sales, general management and executive roles at Nellcor Puritan Bennett, Inc. from April 1994 to May 1999. David L. White has served as our Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") since August 2013. Prior to joining us, Mr. White was CFO of Enecsys, Ltd., a privately-held supplier of solar micro inverters and monitoring systems from June 2012. Prior to Enecsys, he was Executive Vice President and CFO at NVIDIA Corporation, a fabless semiconductor company known for its development of advanced graphics and high performance computing processors from February 2009 to June 2011. Prior to NVIDIA, he was Executive Vice President of Finance and CFO at SANMINA-SCI Corporation, which provides contract design, supply chain, and manufacturing services from 2004 to 2009. He also served as CFO at Asyst Technologies Corporation, CEO at Candescent Technologies Corporation, and Senior Vice President of Finance at Connor Peripherals. Jennifer M. Erfurth has served as our Vice President, Global Human Resources since October 2012. Prior to joining us, Ms. Erfurth was Senior Vice President of Shared Services at Dyno Nobel, Inc., a manufacturer and supplier of industrial explosives, from July 2011 to July 2012, and was Vice President, Human Resources for Federal Signal Corporation prior to that. From 2001 to 2010, Ms. Erfurth held positions of increasing responsibility at Schawk, Inc., most recently as Global Senior Vice President of Human Resources, a position she held from 2007 until her departure in 2010. Earlier in her career, she served as Director of Human Resources at CINTAS Corporation and World Color. Roger E. George has served as our Vice President, Corporate and Legal Affairs and General Counsel since July 2002. Prior to joining us, Mr. George was the Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance and Legal Affairs and General Counsel of SkyStream Networks, a privately held broadband and broadcast network equipment company. Prior to SkyStream, Mr. George was a partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C. in Palo Alto, California. John P. Graham has served as our Vice President, Marketing and Chief Marketing Officer since July 2013. From 2011 until he joined us, Mr. Graham was Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer at GlaxoSmithKline Consumer Healthcare, a global healthcare company. Prior to GlaxoSmithKline, he was with Johnson & Johnson for 15 years in multiple marketing leadership roles, including Vice President, U.S. Marketing for Johnson & Johnson Vision Care. Timothy A. Mack has served as our Vice President, Marketing and Business Development since May 2012. He served as Vice President, Business Development since our acquisition of Cadent Holdings, Inc. in April 2011. At Cadent, he was President and Chief Executive Officer since 2009. He joined Cadent in 2005, as Executive Vice President & General Manager where he led the introduction and adoption of Cadent’s new 3D digital imaging technology into the market. Prior to Cadent, Mr. Mack was Vice President and General Manager of DENTSPLY Ceramco, a wholly-owned subsidiary of DENTSPLY International. Prior to DENTSPLY, Mr. Mack held a series of management positions in the U.S. and Europe within Consumer Electronics and Medical Imaging Divisions at Eastman Kodak Company. 14 Raphael Pascaud was appointed Vice President, International in January 2014. He joined Align in 2010 as Vice President and Managing Director for the Europe, Middle East and Africa Region, ("EMEA"). Prior to Align, Mr. Pascaud spent 14 years in various management positions within DePuy, a Johnson & Johnson family of companies, including Vice President Orthopedics of EMEA and Vice President Marketing of International. Christopher C. Puco has served as our Vice President, North America Sales since December 2012. He joined Align in 2006 as a sales director and in 2008 became senior director for the Eastern sales area. Most recently, as Vice President of Sales Strategy, he led Align's go-to-market strategy and managed the integration of the North American scanner and CAD/CAM services sales organization. Mr. Puco has more than 20 years of experience in the medical device industry, holding sales management positions in both starts-ups and established corporate environments. Prior to Align, he was with United States Surgical Corporation, General Surgical Innovations, Baxter BioSurgery and Fusion Medical Technologies. Zelko Relic was appointed Vice President, Research & Development in December 2013. Prior to joining Align, Mr. Relic was Vice President, Engineering for Datalogic Automation, a global leader in automatic data capture and industrial automation markets from 2012. Mr. Relic was previously Vice President, Engineering at Danaher Corporation, Accu-Sort Systems business from 2010 to 2012 before it was acquired by Datalogic Automation. From 2005 to 2010, he was at Siemens Medical Solutions USA, most recently as Vice President, and from 2002 to 2004 he held senior management positions in engineering at Kulicke & Soffa Industries, designers and manufactures of semiconductor products. He also held management positions at KLA-Tencor, manufacturer of metrology tools from 1994 to 2000. Emory M. Wright has served as our Vice President, Operations since December 2007. He has been with us since March 2000, predominantly in manufacturing and operations roles. Previously, Mr. Wright served as Vice President, Manufacturing and, most recently, was General Manager of New Product Development. Prior to joining us, Mr. Wright was Senior Manufacturing Manager at Metrika, Inc. a medical device manufacturer, from May 1999 to March 2000. From July 1994 to May 1999, Mr. Wright served as Manager of Manufacturing and Process Development for Metra Biosystems Inc. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We depend on the sale of the Invisalign system for the vast majority of our net revenues, and any decline in sales of Invisalign treatment for any reason, a continued weakness in general economic conditions, or a decline in average selling prices would adversely affect net revenues, gross margin and net income. We expect that net revenues from the sale of the Invisalign System, primarily Invisalign Full and Invisalign Teen, will continue to account for the vast majority of our total net revenues for the foreseeable future. Continued and widespread market acceptance of Invisalign by orthodontists, GPs and consumers is critical to our future success. If orthodontists and GPs experience a reduction in consumer demand for orthodontic services, if consumers prove unwilling to adopt Invisalign as rapidly as we anticipate or in the volume that we anticipate, if orthodontists or GPs choose to use a competitive product rather than Invisalign or if the average selling price of our product declines, our operating results would be harmed. Demand for our products may not increase as rapidly as we anticipate due to a variety of factors including a weakness in general economic conditions. Consumer spending habits are affected by, among other things, prevailing economic conditions, levels of employment, salaries and wage rates, gas prices, consumer confidence and consumer perception of economic conditions. A general slowdown in the U.S. economy and certain international economies or an uncertain economic outlook would adversely affect consumer spending habits which may, among other things, result in a decrease in the number of overall orthodontic case starts, reduced patient traffic in dentists’ offices, reduction in consumer spending on higher value procedures or a reduction in the demand for dental services generally, each of which would have a material adverse effect on our sales and operating results. Weakness in the global economy results in a challenging environment for selling dental technologies and dentists may postpone investments in capital equipment, such as intra-oral scanners. In addition, Invisalign treatment, which currently accounts for the vast majority of our net revenues, represents a significant change from traditional orthodontic treatment, and customers and consumers may be reluctant to accept it or may not find it preferable to traditional treatment. We have generally received positive feedback from orthodontists, GPs and consumers regarding Invisalign treatment as both an alternative to braces and as a clinical method for the treatment of malocclusion, but a number of dental professionals believe that the Invisalign treatment is appropriate for only a limited percentage of their patients. Increased market acceptance of all of our products will depend in part upon the recommendations of dental professionals, as well as other factors including effectiveness, safety, ease of use, reliability, aesthetics, and price compared to competing products. 15 The frequency of use of the Invisalign system by orthodontists or GPs may not increase at the rate that we anticipate or at all. One of our key objectives is to continue to increase utilization, or the adoption and frequency of use, of the Invisalign System by new and existing customers. If utilization of the Invisalign System by our existing and newly trained orthodontists or GPs does not occur or does not occur as quickly as we anticipate, our operating results could be harmed. We may experience declines in average selling prices of our products which may decrease our net revenues. We provide volume based discount programs to our doctors. In addition, we sell a number of products at different list prices. If we introduce any price reductions or consumer rebate programs; if we expand our discount programs in the future or participation in these programs increases; if our product mix shifts to lower priced products or products that have a higher percentage of deferred revenue our average selling prices would be adversely affected and our net revenues, gross profit, gross margin and net income may be reduced. Furthermore, although the U.S. dollar is our reporting currency, a portion of our net revenues and net income are generated in foreign currencies. Net revenues and net income generated by subsidiaries operating outside of the U.S. are translated into U.S. dollars using exchange rates effective during the respective period and are affected by changes in exchange rates. As a result, negative movements in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar will adversely affect our average selling price and consequently the amount of net revenues and net income in our consolidated financial statements. As we continue to grow, we are subject to growth related risks, including risks related to excess or constrained capacity at our existing facilities. We are subject to growth related risks, including excess or constrained capacity and pressure on our internal systems and personnel. In order to manage current operations and future growth effectively, we will need to continue to implement and improve our operational, financial and management information systems and to hire, train, motivate, manage and retain employees. We may be unable to manage such growth effectively. Any such failure could have a material adverse impact on our business, operations and prospects. Because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing capacity may at times exceed or fall short of our production requirements. In addition, if product demand decreases or we fail to forecast demand accurately, we could be required to write off inventory or record excess capacity charges, which would lower our gross margin. Any or all of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise harm our business and financial results. If we fail to sustain or increase profitability or revenue growth in future periods, the market price for our common stock may decline. If we are to sustain or increase profitability in future periods, we will need to continue to increase our net revenues, while controlling our expenses. Because our business is evolving, it is difficult to predict our future operating results or levels of growth, and we have in the past not been and may in the future not be able to sustain our historical growth rates. If we do not increase profitability or revenue growth or otherwise meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock will likely decline. Our financial results have fluctuated in the past and may fluctuate in the future which may cause volatility in our stock price. Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and we expect our future quarterly and annual operating results to fluctuate as we focus on increasing doctor and consumer demand for our products. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline or significantly fluctuate. Some of the factors that could cause our operating results to fluctuate include: • limited visibility into and difficulty predicting the level of activity in our customers’ practices from quarter to quarter; • weakness in consumer spending as a result of the slowdown in the U.S. economy and global economies; • changes in relationships with our distributors; • changes in the timing of receipt of Invisalign case product orders during a given quarter which, given our cycle time and the delay between case receipts and case shipments, could have an impact on which quarter revenue can be recognized; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar; • changes in product mix; 16 • our inability to predict from period to period the number of trainers or the availability of doctors required to complete intra-oral scanner installations, which may impact the timing of when revenue is recognized; • if participation in our customer rebate program increases our average selling price will be adversely affected; • seasonal fluctuations in the number of doctors in their offices and their availability to take appointments; • success of or changes to our marketing programs from quarter to quarter; • our reliance on our contract manufacturers for the production of sub-assemblies for our intra-oral scanners; • timing of industry tradeshows; • changes in the timing of when revenue is recognized, including as a result of the introduction of new products or promotions, modifications to our terms and conditions or as a result of changes to critical accounting estimates or new accounting pronouncements; • changes to our effective tax rate; • unanticipated delays in production caused by insufficient capacity or availability of raw materials; • any disruptions in the manufacturing process, including unexpected turnover in the labor force or the introduction of new production processes, power outages or natural or other disasters beyond our control; • the development and marketing of directly competitive products by existing and new competitors; • major changes in available technology or the preferences of customers may cause our current product offerings to become less competitive or obsolete; • aggressive price competition from competitors; • costs and expenditures in connection with litigation; • the timing of new product introductions by us and our competitors, as well as customer order deferrals in anticipation of enhancements or new products; • disruptions to our business due to political, economic or other social instability, including the impact of an epidemic any of which results in changes in consumer spending habits, consumers unable or unwilling to visit the orthodontist or general practitioners office, as well as any impact on workforce absenteeism; • inaccurate forecasting of net revenues, production and other operating costs; and • investments in research and development to develop new products and enhancements. To respond to these and other factors, we may need to make business decisions that could adversely affect our operating results such as modifications to our pricing policy, business structure or operations. Most of our expenses, such as employee compensation and lease payment obligations, are relatively fixed in the short term. Moreover, our expense levels are based, in part, on our expectations regarding future revenue levels. As a result, if our net revenues for a particular period fall below our expectations, whether caused by changes in consumer spending, consumer preferences, weakness in the U.S. or global economies, changes in customer behavior related to advertising and prescribing our product, or other factors, we may be unable to adjust spending quickly enough to offset any shortfall in net revenues. Due to these and other factors, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our results for any one quarter as an indication of our future performance. Our future success may depend on our ability to develop, successfully introduce and achieve market acceptance of new products. Our future success may depend on our ability to develop, manufacture, market, and obtain regulatory approval or clearance of new products. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully develop, sell and achieve market acceptance of these and other new products and applications and enhanced versions of our existing product or software. The extent of, and rate at which, market acceptance and penetration are achieved by future products is a function of many variables, which include, among other things, our ability to: 17 • correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences; • include functionality and features that address customer requirements; • ensure compatibility of our computer operating systems and hardware configurations with those of our customers; • allocate our research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects; • anticipate and respond to our competitors’ development of new products and technological innovations; • differentiate our offerings from our competitors’ offerings; • innovate and develop new technologies and applications; • the availability of third-party reimbursement of procedures using our products; • obtain adequate intellectual property rights; and • encourage customers to adopt new technologies. If we fail to accurately predict customer needs and preferences or fail to produce viable technologies, we may invest heavily in research and development of products that do not lead to significant revenue. Even if we successfully innovate and develop new products and produce enhancements, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. In addition, even if our new products are successfully introduced, it is unlikely that they will rapidly gain market share and acceptance primarily due to the relatively long period of time it takes to successfully treat a patient with Invisalign. Since it takes approximately 12 to 24 months to treat a patient, our customers may be unwilling to rapidly adopt our new products until they successfully complete at least one case or until more historical clinical results are available. Our ability to market and sell new products may also be subject to government regulation, including approval or clearance by the FDA, and foreign government agencies. Any failure in our ability to successfully develop and introduce or achieve market acceptance of our new products or enhanced versions of existing products could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and could cause our net revenues to decline. A disruption in the operations of our primary freight carrier or higher shipping costs could cause a decline in our net revenues or a reduction in our earnings. We are dependent on commercial freight carriers, primarily UPS, to deliver our products to our customers. If the operations of these carriers are disrupted for any reason, we may be unable to deliver our products to our customers on a timely basis. If we cannot deliver our products in an efficient and timely manner, our customers may reduce their orders from us and our net revenues and operating profits could materially decline. In a rising fuel cost environment, our freight costs will increase. If freight costs materially increase and we are unable to pass that increase along to our customers for any reason or otherwise offset such increases in our cost of net revenues, our gross margin and financial results could be adversely affected. We are dependent on our international operations, which exposes us to foreign operational, political and other risks that may harm our business. Our key production steps are performed in operations located outside of the U.S. At our facility in San Jose, Costa Rica, technicians use a sophisticated, internally developed computer-modeling program to prepare digital treatment plans, which are then transmitted electronically to Juarez, Mexico. These digital files form the basis of the ClinCheck treatment plan and are used to manufacture aligner molds. Our order acquisition, aligner fabrication and shipping operations are conducted in Juarez, Mexico. In addition to the research and development efforts conducted in our San Jose, California facility, we also carry out research and development at locations in Moscow, Russia. In addition, our customer-care, accounts receivable, credit and collections and customer event registration organizations are located at our facility in San Jose, Costa Rica. We also have operations in Israel where the design and wand assembly and our intra-oral scanner are manufactured. Our reliance on international operations exposes us to risks and uncertainties that may affect our business or results of operation, including: • difficulties in hiring and retaining employees generally, as well as difficulties in hiring and retaining employees with the necessary skills to perform the more technical aspects of our operations; • difficulties in managing international operations, including any travel restrictions to or from our facilities located in Russia and Israel; 18 • fluctuations in currency exchange rates; • increased income taxes, and other restrictions and limitations, if we were to decide to repatriate any of our foreign cash balances back to the U.S.; • import and export license requirements and restrictions; • controlling production volume and quality of the manufacturing process; • political, social and economic instability, including as a result of increased levels of violence in Juarez, Mexico or the Middle East. We cannot predict the effect on us of any future armed conflict, political instability or violence in these regions. In addition, some of our employees in Israel are obligated to perform annual reserve duty in the Israeli military and are subject to being called for additional active duty under emergency circumstances. We cannot predict the full impact of these conditions on us in the future, particularly if emergency circumstances or an escalation in the political situation occurs. If many of our employees are called for active duty, our operations in Israel and our business may not be able to function at full capacity; • acts of terrorism and acts of war; • geopolitical risks around the Ukraine and the possibility of additional sanctions against Russia which continue to bring uncertainty to this region; • interruptions and limitations in telecommunication services; • product or material transportation delays or disruption, including as a result of increased levels of violence, acts of terrorism, acts of war or health epidemics restricting travel to and from our international locations or as a result of natural disasters, such as earthquakes or volcanic eruptions; • burdens of complying with a wide variety of local country and regional laws; • trade restrictions and changes in tariffs; and • potential adverse tax consequences. If any of these risks materialize in the future, we could experience production delays and lost or delayed revenue. We earn an increasingly larger portion of our total revenues from international sales and face risks attendant to those operations. We earn an increasingly larger portion of our total revenues from international sales generated through our foreign direct and indirect operations. As a result of these sales operations, we face a variety of risks, including: • local political and economic instability; • the engagement of activities by our employees, contractors, partners and agents, especially in countries with developing economies, that are prohibited by international and local trade and labor laws and other laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act of 2010 and export control laws, in spite of our policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws; • although it is our intention to indefinitely reinvest earnings outside the U.S., restrictions on the transfer of funds held by our foreign subsidiaries, including with respect to restrictions on our ability to repatriate foreign cash to the U.S at favorable tax rates; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and • increased expense of developing, testing and making localized versions of our products. Any of these factors, either individually or in combination, could materially impact our international operations and adversely affect our business as a whole. 19 A key step in our manufacturing process relies on sophisticated computer technology that requires new technicians to undergo a relatively long training process. If we are unable to accurately predict our volume growth, and fail to hire a sufficient number of technicians in advance of such demand, the delivery time of our products could be delayed which could adversely affect our results of operations. Training production technicians takes approximately 90 to 120 days. As a result, if we are unable to accurately predict our volume growth, we may not have a sufficient number of trained technicians to deliver our products within the timeframe our customers expect. Such a delay could cause us to lose existing customers or fail to attract new customers. This could cause a decline in our net revenues and net income and could adversely affect our results of operations. Our headquarters, digital dental modeling processes, and other manufacturing processes are principally located in regions that are subject to earthquakes and other natural disasters. Our digital dental modeling is processed in our facility located in San Jose, Costa Rica. The operations team in Costa Rica creates ClinCheck treatment plans using sophisticated computer software. In addition, our customer facing operations are located in Costa Rica. Our aligner molds and finished aligners are fabricated in Juarez, Mexico. Both locations in Costa Rica and Mexico are in earthquake zones and may be subject to other natural disasters. If there is a major earthquake or any other natural disaster in a region where one of these facilities is located, our ability to create ClinCheck treatment plans, respond to customer inquiries or manufacture and ship our aligners could be compromised which could result in our customers experiencing a significant delay in receiving their completed aligners and a decrease in service levels for a period of time. In addition, our headquarters facility in California is located in the San Francisco Bay Area. An earthquake or other natural disaster in this region could result in a disruption in our operations. Any such business interruption could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our information technology systems are critical to our business. System integration and implementation issues and system security risks could disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems. All information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources. As our business has grown in size and complexity, the growth has placed, and will continue to place, significant demands on our information technology systems. To effectively manage this growth, our information systems and applications require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards and changing customer preferences. We are in the process of implementing a multi-year, company-wide program to transform certain business processes or extend established processes, including the transition to a single enterprise resource planning ("ERP") software system to perform various functions. The implementation of additional functionality in the ERP system entails certain risks, including difficulties with changes in business processes that could disrupt our operations, such as our ability to track orders and timely ship products, manage our supply chain and aggregate financial and operational data. During transitions we must continue to rely on legacy information systems, which may be costly or inefficient, while the implementation of new initiatives may not achieve the anticipated benefits and may divert management's attention from other operational activities, negatively affect employee morale, or have other unintended consequences. Additionally, if we are not able to accurately forecast expenses and capitalized costs related to the project, this may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses were to be found to be inaccurate or unreliable, if we fail to properly maintain our information systems and data integrity, or if we fail to develop new capabilities to meet our business needs in a timely manner, we could have operational disruptions, have customer disputes, lose our ability to produce timely and accurate reports, have regulatory or other legal problems, have increases in operating and administrative expenses, lose existing customers, have difficulty in attracting new customers or in implementing our growth strategies, or suffer other adverse consequences. In addition, experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause shutdowns. Furthermore, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we either internally develop or procure from third parties which we depend upon may contain defects in design and manufacture, including “bugs” and other problems that can unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. The costs to eliminate or alleviate security problems, viruses and bugs could be significant, and the efforts to address these problems could result in interruptions that may have a material adverse impact on our operations, net revenues and operating results. System upgrades and enhancements require significant expenditures and allocation of valuable employee resources. Delays in integration or disruptions to our business from implementation of these new or upgraded systems could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. 20 Additionally, we continuously upgrade our customer facing software applications, specifically the ClinCheck and MyAligntech software. Software applications frequently contain errors or defects, especially when they are first introduced or when new versions are released. The discovery of a defect or error or the incompatibility with the computer operating system and hardware configurations of customers in a new upgraded version or the failure of our primary information systems may result in the following consequences, among others: loss of revenue or delay in market acceptance, damage to our reputation or increased service costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, our business requires the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. Because of the confidential health information we store and transmit, security breaches could expose us to a risk of regulatory action, litigation, possible liability and loss. Our security measures may be inadequate to prevent security breaches, and our business operations and profitability would be adversely affected by, among other things, loss of customers and potential criminal and civil sanctions if they are not prevented. There can be no assurance that our process of improving existing systems, developing new systems to support our expanding operations, integrating new systems, protecting confidential patient information, and improving service levels will not be delayed or that additional systems issues will not arise in the future. Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems and data may result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Competition in the markets for our products is intense and we expect aggressive competition from existing competitors and other companies that may introduce new technologies in the future. Currently, our products compete directly against products manufactured and distributed by various companies, both within and outside the U.S. Many of these manufacturers, including Danaher Corporation, 3M, Sirona Dental Systems, Inc. and Dentsply International, have substantially greater financial resources and manufacturing and marketing experience than we do and may, in the future, attempt to develop an orthodontic system similar to ours or combine technologies that make our product economically unattractive. The expiration of certain key patents commencing in 2017 owned by us may result in additional competition. Large consumer product companies may also enter the orthodontic supply market. Furthermore, we may face competition in the future from new companies that may introduce new technologies. We may be unable to compete with these competitors and one or more of these competitors may render our technology obsolete or economically unattractive. If we are unable to compete effectively with existing products or respond effectively to any products developed by new or existing competitors, our business could be harmed. Increased competition has resulted in the past and may in the future result in volume discounting and price reductions, reduced gross margins, reduced profitability and loss of market share, and reduce dental professionals’ efforts and commitment to expand their use of our products, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our net revenues, volume growth, net income and stock price. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully against our current or future competitors or that competitive pressures will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If the security of our customer and patient information is compromised, patient care could suffer, and we could be liable for related damages, and our reputation could be impaired. We retain confidential customer and patient information in our processing centers. Therefore, it is critical that our facilities and infrastructure remain secure and that our facilities and infrastructure are perceived by the marketplace and our customers to be secure. Despite the implementation of security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by third parties or similar disruptive problems. If we fail to meet our clients’ expectations regarding the security of healthcare information, we could be liable for damages and our reputation could be impaired. In addition, patient care could suffer, and we could be liable if our systems fail to deliver correct information in a timely manner. Our insurance may not protect us from this risk. Our success depends in part on our proprietary technology, and if we are unable to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitive position may be harmed. Litigating claims of this type is costly and could distract our management and cause a decline in our results of operations and stock price. Our success will depend in part on our ability to maintain existing intellectual property and to obtain and maintain further intellectual property protection for our products, both in the U.S. and in other countries. Our inability to do so could harm our competitive position. As of December 31, 2014 , we had issued 352 U.S. patents, 97 pending U.S. patent applications, and 257 foreign issued patents, and 108 pending foreign patent applications. We intend to rely on our portfolio of issued and pending patent applications in the U.S. and in other countries to protect a large part of our intellectual property and our competitive position; however, our currently pending or future patent filings may not result in the issuance of patents. Additionally, any patents issued to us may be challenged, invalidated, held unenforceable, 21 circumvented, or may not be sufficiently broad to prevent third parties from producing competing products similar in design to our products. In addition, any protection afforded by foreign patents may be more limited than that provided under U.S. patents and intellectual property laws. We also rely on protection of our copyrights, trade secrets, know-how and proprietary information. We generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and our collaborative partners upon commencement of a relationship with us; however, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection against the unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or other confidential information, and adequate remedies may not exist if unauthorized use or disclosure were to occur. Our inability to maintain the proprietary nature of our technology through patents, copyrights or trade secrets would impair our competitive advantages and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and future growth prospects. In particular, a failure to protect our proprietary rights might allow competitors to copy our technology, which could adversely affect our pricing and market share. In addition, in an effort to protect our intellectual property we have in the past been and may in the future be involved in litigation. The potential effects on our business operations resulting from litigation that we may participate in the future, whether or not ultimately determined in our favor or settled by us, are costly and divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel from normal business operations. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings could occur. An unfavorable ruling could include monetary damages or, in cases where injunctive relief is sought, an injunction prohibiting us from selling our products. Any of these results from our litigation could adversely affect our results of operations and stock price. While we believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required to assess our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis and any future adverse results from such assessment could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC, we are required to furnish in our Form 10-K a report by our management regarding the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The report includes, among other things, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. While we believe our internal control over financial reporting is currently effective, the effectiveness of our internal controls in future periods is subject to the risk that our controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, and, as a result, the degree of compliance of our internal control over financial reporting with the existing policies or procedures may become ineffective. Establishing, testing and maintaining an effective system of internal control over financial reporting requires significant resources and time commitments on the part of our management and our finance staff, may require additional staffing and infrastructure investments, and would increase our costs of doing business. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in any future period (or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls or conclude that our internal controls are ineffective), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could have an adverse effect on our stock price. If we lose our key personnel or are unable to attract and retain key personnel, we may be unable to pursue business opportunities or develop our products. We are highly dependent on the key employees in our clinical engineering, technology development, sales, training and marketing personnel and management teams. The loss of the services provided by those individuals may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our product development and other business objectives and could harm our business. Our future success will also depend on our ability to identify, recruit, train and retain additional qualified personnel, including orthodontists. Few orthodontists are accustomed to working in a manufacturing environment since they are generally trained to work in private practices, universities and other research institutions. Thus, we may be unable to attract and retain personnel with the advanced qualifications necessary for the further development of our business. Furthermore, we may not be successful in retaining our key personnel or their services. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel, our business could be materially harmed. In addition, our ability to recognize revenue on the direct sales of our intra-oral scanners depends in part upon our ability to schedule and staff trainings. The loss of the services provided by these individuals or our ability to timely hire such personnel in sufficient numbers based on our volume growth, may harm our business. If we are unable to retain our trainers or replace such individuals with persons having equivalent technical expertise and qualifications, or if we are unable to successfully instill such technical expertise in newly hired personnel or accurately predict the number of such personnel needed, our net revenues could be materially harmed. If we infringe the patents or proprietary rights of other parties or are subject to a patent infringement claim, our ability to grow our business may be severely limited. Extensive litigation over patents and other intellectual property rights is common in the medical device industry. We have been sued for infringement of third party’s patents in the past and we may be the subject of patent or other litigation in the future. 22 From time to time, we have received and may in the future receive letters from third parties drawing our attention to their patent rights. While we do not believe that we infringe upon any valid and enforceable rights that have been brought to our attention, there may be other more pertinent rights of which we are presently unaware. The defense and prosecution of intellectual property suits, interference proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings could result in substantial expense to us and significant diversion of effort by our technical and management personnel. An adverse determination of any litigation or interference proceeding to which we may become a party could subject us to significant liabilities. An adverse determination of this nature could also put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly or require us to seek licenses from third parties. Licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, in which event, our business would be materially adversely affected. We maintain single supply relationships for certain of our key machines and materials technologies, and our business and operating results could be harmed if supply is restricted or ends or the price of raw materials used in our manufacturing process increases. We are highly dependent on manufacturers of specialized scanning equipment, rapid prototyping machines, resin and other advanced materials, as well as the optics, electronic and other mechanical components of our intra-oral scanners. We maintain single supply relationships for many of these machines and materials technologies. In particular, our CT scanning and stereolithography equipment used in our aligner manufacturing and many of the critical components for the optics of our scanners are provided by single suppliers. We are also committed to purchasing the vast majority of our resin and polymer, the primary raw materials used in our manufacturing process for clear aligners, from a single source. If these or other suppliers encounter financial, operating or other difficulties or if our relationship with them changes, we might not be able to quickly establish or qualify replacement sources of supply and could face production interruptions, delays and inefficiencies. In addition, technology changes by our vendors could disrupt access to required manufacturing capacity or require expensive, time consuming development efforts to adapt and integrate new equipment or processes. Our growth may exceed the capacity of one or more of these manufacturers to produce the needed equipment and materials in sufficient quantities to support our growth. Conversely, in order to secure supplies for production of products, we sometimes enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with vendors, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to reflect declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges and our profitability may suffer. In the event of technology changes, delivery delays, or shortages of or increases in price for these items, our business and growth prospects may be harmed. We depend on a single contract manufacturer and supplier of parts used in our iTero scanner and any disruption in this relationship may cause us to fail to meet the demands of our customers and damage our customer relationships. We rely on a third party manufacturer in Israel to assemble our iTero scanner. As a result, if this third party manufacturer fails to deliver its components or if we lose its services, we may be unable to deliver our products in a timely manner and our business may be harmed. Any difficulties encountered by the third party manufacturer with respect to hiring personnel, and maintaining acceptable manufacturing standards, controls, procedures and policies could disrupt our ability to deliver our products in a timely manner. Finding a substitute manufacturer may be expensive, time-consuming or impossible and could result in a significant interruption in the supply of our intra-oral scanning products. Any failure by our contract manufacturer that results in delays in our fulfillment of customer orders may cause us to lose revenues and suffer damage to our customer relationships. We primarily rely on our direct sales force to sell our products, and any failure to maintain our direct sales force could harm our business. Our ability to sell our products and generate revenues primarily depends upon our direct sales force within our North American and international markets. As of December 31, 2014 , our North American sales organization consisted of approximately 280 people. Internationally, we had approximately 160 people engaged in direct sales and sales support as of December 31, 2014 . We do not have any long-term employment contracts with the members of our direct sales force. The loss of the services provided by these key personnel may harm our business. If we are unable to retain our direct sales force personnel or replace them with individuals of equivalent technical expertise and qualifications, or if we are unable to successfully instill such technical expertise or if we fail to establish and maintain strong relationships with our customers within a relatively short period of time, our net revenues and our ability to maintain market share could be materially harmed. In addition, due to our large and fragmented customer base, we may not be able to provide all of our customers with product support immediately upon the launch of a new product. As a result, adoption of new products by our customers may be slower than anticipated and our ability to grow market share and increase our net revenues may be harmed. 23 If our distributor relationships are not successful, our ability to market and sell our products would be harmed and our financial performance will be adversely affected. We depend on relationships with distributors for the marketing and sales of our products in various geographic regions, and we have a limited ability to influence their efforts. Relying on distributors for our sales and marketing could harm our business for various reasons, including: • agreements with distributors may terminate prematurely due to disagreements or may result in litigation between the partners; • we may not be able to renew existing distributor agreements on acceptable terms; • our distributors may not devote sufficient resources to the sale of products; • our distributors may be unsuccessful in marketing our products; • our existing relationships with distributors may preclude us from entering into additional future arrangements with other distributors; and • we may not be able to negotiate future distributor agreements on acceptable terms. Complying with regulations enforced by the FDA and other regulatory authorities is an expensive and time-consuming process, and any failure to comply could result in substantial penalties. Our products are considered medical devices and are subject to extensive regulation in the U.S. and internationally. FDA regulations are wide ranging and govern, among other things: • product design, development, manufacturing and testing; • product labeling; • product storage; • pre-market clearance or approval; • complaint handling and corrective actions; • advertising and promotion; and • product sales and distribution. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA or state agencies, which may include any of the following sanctions: • warning letters, fines, injunctions, consent decrees and civil penalties; • repair, replacement, refunds, recall or seizure of our products; • operating restrictions or partial suspension or total shutdown of production; • refusing our requests for 510(k) clearance or pre-market approval of new products, new intended uses, or modifications to existing products; • withdrawing clearance or pre-market approvals that have already been granted; and • criminal prosecution. If any of these events were to occur, they could harm our business. We must comply with facility registration and product listing requirements of the FDA and adhere to applicable Quality System regulations. The FDA enforces its Quality System regulations through periodic unannounced inspections. Our failure to take satisfactory corrective action in response to an adverse inspection or the failure to comply with applicable manufacturing regulations could result in enforcement action, and we may be required to find alternative manufacturers, which could be a long and costly process. Any FDA enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 24 Before we can sell a new medical device in the U.S., or market a new use of or claim for an existing product we must obtain FDA clearance or approval, unless an exemption applies. Obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals can be a lengthy and time-consuming process. Even though the devices we market have obtained the necessary clearances from the FDA, we may be unable to maintain such clearances in the future. Furthermore, we may be unable to obtain the necessary clearances for new devices that we intend to market in the future. Our inability to maintain or obtain regulatory clearances or approvals could materially harm our business. In addition, as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the SEC adopted disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries, as well as procedures regarding a manufacturer's efforts to identify and discourage the sourcing of such minerals and metals produced from those minerals. Additional reporting obligations are being considered by the European Union. The implementation of the existing U.S. requirements and any additional requirements in Europe could affect the sourcing and availability of metals used in the manufacture of a limited number of parts (if any) contained in our products. For example, the implementation of these disclosure requirements may decrease the number of suppliers capable of supplying our needs for certain metals, thereby negatively affecting our ability to obtain products in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. Our material sourcing is broad based and multi-tiered, and we may be unable to conclusively verify the origins for all metals used in our products. We may suffer financial and reputational harm if customers require, and we are unable to deliver, certification that our products are conflict free. Regardless, we will incur additional costs associated with compliance with these disclosure requirements, including time-consuming and costly efforts to determine the source of any conflict minerals used in our products. If compliance with healthcare regulations becomes costly and difficult for our customers or for us, we may not be able to grow our business. Participants in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive and frequently changing regulations under numerous laws administered by governmental entities at the federal, state and local levels, some of which are, and others of which may be, applicable to our business. In response to perceived increases in health care costs in recent years, Congress passed health care reform legislation that President Obama signed into law in March 2010. This legislation contains many provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to fund the coverage expansions. The most relevant of these provisions are those that impose fees or taxes on certain health-related industries, including medical device manufacturers. Effective January 1, 2013, as a medical device manufacturer, we were required to pay an excise tax on the price for which we sell our medical devices in the U.S. This Medical Device Excise Tax ("MDET") applies to most medical devices, including our products, which could have a material, negative impact on our results of operations and our cash flows. During March 2014, Align had extensive discussions with the IRS and they informed us that our aligners are not subject to the MDET; however, our scanners are still subject to the MDET. As a result of these discussions, beginning in March 2014, we ceased expensing and paying the MDET for aligners, which reduced our general and administrative expense for the year ended December 31, 2014 by approximately $6.8 million compared to the prior year period. The excise tax expense was $7.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2013; however, MDET for year ended December 31, 2014 was reduced to $0.3 million due to the changes noted above. Additionally, we are in process of claiming a $6.8 million refund of MDET paid in 2013 related to our aligners; however, because this claim is subject to review and approval by the IRS, we have not recorded a receivable as the outcome of the audit is undeterminable. Any future changes in the applicability of the MDET as it applies to us or refunds of amounts previously paid will be recorded as an additional expense or a credit to the consolidated statement of operations in the period in which it becomes probable and reasonably estimable. The MDET is included in general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Furthermore, our healthcare provider customers are also subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations that could affect the nature and scope of their relationships with us. The healthcare market itself is highly regulated and subject to changing political, economic and regulatory influences. Regulations implemented pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA"), including regulations affecting the security and privacy of patient healthcare information held by healthcare providers and their business associates may require us to make significant and unplanned enhancements of software applications or services, result in delays or cancellations of orders, or result in the revocation of endorsement of our products and services by healthcare participants. The effect of HIPAA and newly enforced regulations on our business is difficult to predict, and there can be no assurance that we will adequately address the business risks created by HIPAA and its implementation or that we will be able to take advantage of any resulting business opportunities. 25 Extensive and changing government regulation of the healthcare industry may be expensive to comply with and exposes us to the risk of substantial government penalties. In addition to medical device laws and regulations, numerous state and federal healthcare-related laws regulate our business, covering areas such as: • storage, transmission and disclosure of medical information and healthcare records; • prohibitions against the offer, payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals to entities providing healthcare services or goods or to induce the order, purchase or recommendation of our products; and • the marketing and advertising of our products. Complying with these laws and regulations could be expensive and time-consuming, and could increase our operating costs or reduce or eliminate certain of our sales and marketing activities or our revenues. We face risks related to our international sales, including the need to obtain necessary foreign regulatory clearance or approvals. Outside of North America, we currently sell our products in Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East and may expand into other countries from time to time. For sales of our products outside the U.S., we are subject to foreign regulatory requirements that vary widely from country to country. The time required to obtain clearances or approvals required by other countries may be longer than that required for FDA clearance or approval, and requirements for such approvals may differ from FDA requirements. We may be unable to obtain regulatory approvals in one or more of the other countries in which we do business or in which we may do business in the future. We may also incur significant costs in attempting to obtain and maintain foreign regulatory approvals. If we experience delays in receipt of approvals to market our products outside of the U.S., or if we fail to receive these approvals, we may be unable to market our products or enhancements in international markets in a timely manner, if at all. Our business exposes us to potential product liability claims, and we may incur substantial expenses if we are subject to product liability claims or litigation. Medical devices involve an inherent risk of product liability claims and associated adverse publicity. We may be held liable if any product we develop or any product that uses or incorporates any of our technologies causes injury or is otherwise found unsuitable. Although we intend to continue to maintain product liability insurance, adequate insurance may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. A product liability claim, regardless of its merit or eventual outcome, could result in significant legal defense costs. These costs would have the effect of increasing our expenses and diverting management’s attention away from the operation of our business, and could harm our business. Historically, the market price for our common stock has been volatile. The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control. The factors include: • quarterly variations in our results of operations and liquidity; • changes in recommendations by the investment community or in their estimates of our net revenues or operating results; • speculation in the press or investment community concerning our business and results of operations; • strategic actions by our competitors, such as product announcements or acquisitions; • announcements of technological innovations or new products by us, our customers or competitors; and • general economic market conditions. In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology and medical device companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated to or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. These broad market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless 26 of our operating performance. Historically, class action litigation is often brought against an issuing company following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities. Future sales of significant amounts of our common stock may depress our stock price. A large percentage of our outstanding common stock is currently owned by a small number of significant stockholders. These stockholders have sold in the past, and may sell in the future, large amounts of common stock over relatively short periods of time. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market by our existing stockholders may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Such sales could create public perception of difficulties or problems with our business and may depress our stock price. If our goodwill or long-lived assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings. Under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States (“U.S. GAAP”), we review our goodwill and asset group for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Additionally, goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. The qualitative and quantitative analysis used to test goodwill are dependent upon various assumptions and reflect management’s best estimates. Changes in certain assumptions including revenue growth rates, discount rates, earnings multiples and future cash flows may cause a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of goodwill or the asset group may be impaired. We may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in the financial statements during the period in which any impairment of goodwill or asset group are determined. Changes in, or interpretations of, accounting rules and regulations, could result in unfavorable accounting charges. We prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. These principles are subject to interpretation by the SEC and various bodies formed to interpret and create appropriate accounting policies. A change in these policies can have a significant effect on our reported results and may even retroactively affect previously reported transactions. Our accounting policies that recently have been or may be affected by changes in the accounting rules are as follows: • revenue recognition; and • leases. If we fail to manage our exposure to global financial and securities market risk successfully, our operating results and financial statements could be materially impacted. The primary objective of most of our investment activities is to preserve principal. To achieve this objective, a majority of our marketable investments are investment grade, liquid, fixed-income securities and money market instruments denominated in U.S. dollars. If the carrying value of our investments exceeds the fair value, and the decline in fair value is deemed to be other-than-temporary, we will be required to write down the value of our investments, which could materially harm our results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, the performance of certain securities in our investment portfolio correlates with the credit condition of the U.S. financial sector. In a current unstable credit environment, we might incur significant realized, unrealized or impairment losses associated with these investments. We have adopted a shareholders rights’ plan to limit the possibility that we are acquired, which may mean that a transaction that shareholders are in favor of or are benefited by may be prevented. Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock and to determine the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions of such shares without any further vote or action by our shareholders. To date, our Board has designated 200,000 shares as Series A participating preferred stock in connection with our shareholder rights’ plan. The issuance of preferred stock under certain circumstances could have the effect of delaying or preventing an acquisition of Align or otherwise adversely affecting the rights of the holders of our stock. The shareholder rights’ plan may have the effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging an acquisition of our company which is deemed undesirable by our board of directors. The shareholder rights’ plan may cause substantial dilution to a person or group attempting to acquire us on terms or in a manner not approved by our board of directors, except pursuant to an offer conditioned on the negation, purchase or redemption of the rights issued under the shareholder rights’ plan. Our effective tax rate may vary significantly from period to period. Various internal and external factors may have favorable or unfavorable effects on our future effective tax rate. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes in tax laws, regulations and/or rates, non-deductible goodwill impairments, changing interpretations of existing tax laws or regulations, changes in the relative proportions of revenues and income before taxes in the 27 various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates, the future levels of tax benefits of stock option deductions relating to incentive stock options and employee stock purchase plans, settlement of income tax audits, and changes in overall levels of pretax earnings. In June 2009, the Costa Rica Ministry of Foreign Trade, an agency of the Government of Costa Rica, granted a twelve year extension of various income tax incentives, which were previously granted in 2002. The incentive tax rates will expire in various years beginning in 2017. Under these incentives, all of the income in Costa Rica during these twelve year incentive periods is subject to reduced rates of Costa Rica income tax. In order to receive the benefit of these incentives, we must hire specified numbers of employees and maintain certain minimum levels of fixed asset investment in Costa Rica. If we do not fulfill these conditions for any reason, our incentive could lapse, and our income in Costa Rica would be subject to taxation at higher rates, which could have a negative impact on our operating results. The Costa Rica corporate income tax rate that would apply, absent the incentives, is 30% for 2014. As a result of these incentives, our income taxes were reduced by $32.5 million and $27.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, representing a benefit to diluted net income per share of $0.40 and $0.34 in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Income taxes were reduced by $9.7 million in both the three months ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, representing a benefit to diluted net income per share of $0.12 in each period. Our subsidiary in Israel is under audit by the local tax authorities for calendar years 2006 through 2012. 