 If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock
could decline, and stockholders may lose some or all of their investment. Risks related to our business Increases in interest rates could adversely affect the value
of our investments and cause our interest expense to increase, which could result in reduced earnings or losses and negatively
affect our profitability as well as the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Our investment portfolio contains a significant allocation to
RMBS, as well as other assets such as ABS, CMBS and mortgage loans. In a normal yield curve environment, an investment in such
assets will generally decline in value if long-term interest rates increase. Declines in market value may ultimately reduce earnings
or result in losses to us, which may negatively affect cash available for distribution to our stockholders. A significant risk associated with our target assets is the
risk that both long-term and short-term interest rates will increase significantly. If long-term rates increase significantly,
the market value of these investments will decline, and the duration and weighted average life of the investments will increase.
We could realize losses if these investments were sold. At the same time, an increase in short-term interest rates will increase
the amount of interest owed on the repurchase agreements we enter into to finance the purchase of our investments. Market values of our investments may decline without any general
increase in interest rates for a number of reasons, such as increases or expected increases in defaults, or increases or expected
increases in voluntary prepayments for those investments that are subject to prepayment risk or widening of credit spreads. In addition, in a period of rising interest rates, our operating
results will depend in large part on the difference between the income from our assets and financing costs. We anticipate that,
in most cases, the income from such assets will respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings.
Consequently, changes in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates, may significantly influence our net income. Increases
in these rates will tend to decrease our net income and market value of our assets. We may change our investment and operational policies without
stockholder consent, which may adversely affect the market value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our
stockholders. Our board of directors determines our operational policies and
may amend or revise such policies, including our policies with respect to our REIT qualification, acquisitions, dispositions, operations,
indebtedness and distributions, or approve transactions that deviate from these policies, without a vote of, or notice to, our
stockholders. Operational policy changes could adversely affect the market value of our common stock and our ability to make distributions
to our stockholders. We may also change our investment strategies and policies and
target asset classes at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our making investments that are
different in type from, and possibly riskier than, its current assets or the investments contemplated in this report. A change
in our investment strategies and policies and target asset classes may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk
and real estate market fluctuations, which could adversely affect the market value of our common stock and our ability to make
distributions to our stockholders. We are highly dependent on information systems and systems
failures, breaches or cyber-attacks could significantly disrupt our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and cash flows. Our business is highly dependent on the communications and information
systems of our Manager. Any failure interruption or unauthorized access of these systems could cause delays or other problems in
our securities trading activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows and negatively
affect the market price of our common stock and ability to make distributions to our stockholders. System breaches in particular are evolving and include, but
are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that
could result in disruptions of our Manager’s communications and information systems, unauthorized release of confidential
or proprietary information and damage or corruption of data. These events could lead to higher operating costs from remedial actions,
loss of business and potential liability. 17 Risks related to U.S. government programs The Federal Reserve’s announcement that it has ended
its monthly purchases pursuant to QE3, which could impact the market for and value of the Agency RMBS in which we invest as well
as our net asset value and net interest margin. On September 13, 2012, the Federal Reserve announced a
third round of quantitative easing, or QE3, which was an open-ended program designed to expand the Federal Reserve’s holdings
of long-term securities by purchasing an additional $40 billion of Agency RMBS per month until key economic indicators, such as
the unemployment rate, showed signs of improvement. In December 2012, the Federal Reserve announced that it would begin buying
$45 billion of long-term Treasury bonds each month. One year later, on December 18, 2013, the Federal Reserve announced that
it would begin “tapering” or reducing its purchases of Agency RMBS by $5 billion per month and reduce its purchases
of Treasury bonds by $5 billion per month. Ten months after it began the tapering process, on October 29,
2014, the Federal Reserve announced its decision to conclude QE3 but to maintain its existing policy of reinvesting principal payments
from its holdings of Agency debt and Agency RMBS in new Agency RMBS and of rolling over maturing Treasury bonds at auction. On
February 24, 2015, during her Congressional testimony, the Chair of the Federal Reserve stated that the FOMC intends to reduce
its securities holdings in a gradual and predictable manner primarily by ceasing to reinvest Agency RMBS principal payments. The
timing of when the cessation would begin was not stated in the testimony. A significant risk would be a sudden decision by the
Federal Reserve to sell significant portions of its portfolio of Agency RMBS or suddenly cease its reinvestment activities, which
likely would result in price declines in such securities. However, instead of those risks, many investors have begun to focus on
risks relating to the timing of the expected Federal Reserve plans to start raising interest rates in 2015. The immediate effect of the announcement of QE3 had been an
increase in Agency RMBS prices. Since the initial price spike, prices for all securities receded below the price levels that existed
before the announcement of QE3. Because the Federal Reserve continues, at least for the short term, to replace runoff in its portfolio
of Agency RMBS, it is unclear what effect, if any, the current rate of such reinvestment will have on the value of the Agency RMBS
in which we invest. However, it is possible that the market for such securities, the price of such securities and, as a result,
our net asset value and net interest margin could be negatively affected. Adoption of
the Basel III standards could negatively affect our access to future financings. In response to
various financial crises and the volatility of financial markets, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, an international
body comprised of senior representatives of bank supervisory authorities and central banks from 27 countries, including the United
States, adopted the Basel III standards several years ago. The final package of Basel III reforms was approved by the G20 leaders
in November 2010. In January 2013, the Basel Committee agreed to delay implementation of the Basel III standards and expanded
the scope of assets permitted to be included in a bank’s liquidity measurement. In 2014, the Basel Committee announced that
it would propose additional changes to capital requirements for banks over the next few years. U.S. regulators have elected to
implement substantially all of the Basel III standards. These new standards, including the Supplementary Leverage Ratio imposed
by the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which
will be fully phased in by 2019, will require banks to hold more capital, predominantly in the form of common equity, than under
the current capital framework. These increased bank capital requirements may constrain our ability to obtain attractive future
financings and increase the cost of such financings if they are obtained. In April 2014,
U.S. regulators adopted rules requiring enhanced supplementary leverage ratio standards beginning in January 2018, which would
impose capital requirements more stringent than those of the Basel III standards for the most systematically significant banking
organizations in the U.S. Adoption and implementation of the Basel III standards and the supplemental regulatory standards adopted
by U.S. regulators may negatively impact our access to financing or affect the terms of our future financing arrangements. 18 The federal conservatorship of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
and related efforts, along with any changes in laws and regulations affecting the relationship between these agencies and the U.S.
government, may adversely affect our business. The payments we receive on the Agency RMBS in which we invest
depend upon a steady stream of payments on the mortgages underlying the securities and are guaranteed by Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae
or Freddie Mac. Ginnie Mae is part of a U.S. Government agency and its guarantees are backed by the full faith and credit of the
United States. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are U.S. Government-sponsored entities, or GSEs, but their guarantees are not backed
by the full faith and credit of the United States. In 2008 Congress and the U.S. Treasury undertook a series of
actions to stabilize financial markets, generally, and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, in particular. The Housing and Economic Recovery
Act of 2008 was signed into law on July 30, 2008, and established the Federal Housing Finance Agency, or the FHFA, with enhanced
regulatory authority over, among other things, the business activities of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the size of their portfolio
holdings. On September 7, 2008, in response to the deterioration in the financial condition of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the
FHFA placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into conservatorship, which is a statutory process pursuant to which the FHFA operates Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac as conservator in an effort to stabilize the entities. The appointment of the FHFA as conservator of both Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac allows the FHFA to control the actions of the two GSEs without forcing them to liquidate, which would be the
case under receivership. In addition, the U.S. Treasury took steps to capitalize and provide financing to Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac and agreed to purchase direct obligations and Agency RMBS issued or guaranteed by them. Shortly after Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were placed in federal
conservatorship, the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury, in announcing the actions, noted that the guarantee structure of Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac required examination and that changes in the structures of the entities were necessary to reduce risk to the financial
system. The future roles of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could be significantly reduced and the nature of their guarantees could
be eliminated or considerably limited relative to historical measurements. Any changes to the nature of the guarantees provided
by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could redefine what constitutes Agency RMBS and could have broad adverse market implications as well
as negatively impact us. The problems faced by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac that resulted
in their being placed into federal conservatorship have stirred debate among some federal policy makers regarding the continued
role of the U.S. Government in providing liquidity for the residential mortgage market. The gradual recovery of the housing market
in 2014 made Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac profitable again and increased the uncertainty about their futures. If federal policy makers
decide that the U.S. Government’s role in providing liquidity for the residential mortgage market should be reduced or eliminated,
each of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac could be dissolved and the U.S. Government could decide to stop providing liquidity support
of any kind to the mortgage market. If Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac were eliminated, or their structures were to change radically,
we would not be able to acquire Agency RMBS from these companies, which would drastically reduce the amount and type of Agency
RMBS available for investment. Our income could be negatively affected in a number of ways
depending on the manner in which related events unfold. For example, the continued backing of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac by the
U.S. Treasury, any additional credit support it may provide in the future to the GSEs, could have the effect of lowering the interest
rate we receive from Agency RMBS, thereby tightening the spread between the interest we earn on our portfolio of targeted investments
and our cost of financing that portfolio. A reduction in the supply of Agency RMBS could also increase the prices of Agency RMBS
we seek to acquire thereby reducing the spread between the interest we earn on our portfolio of targeted assets and our cost of
financing that portfolio. As indicated above, legislation since 2008 has significantly
changed the relationship between Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and the U.S. Government. The long-term effects of the actions taken
and to be taken by the U.S. Government remain uncertain. Future legislation could go as far as nationalizing or eliminating these
GSEs entirely. Any new laws affecting these GSEs may exacerbate market uncertainty and have the effect of reducing the actual or
perceived credit quality of securities issued or guaranteed by Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac. It is also possible that such laws could
adversely impact the market for such securities and the spreads at which they trade. All of the foregoing could materially adversely
affect the pricing, supply, liquidity and value of our target assets and otherwise materially adversely affect our business, operations
and financial condition. 19 We are subject to the risk that agencies of and entities
sponsored by the U.S. government may not be able to fully satisfy their guarantees of Agency RMBS or that these guarantee obligations
may be repudiated, which may adversely affect the value of our investment portfolio and our ability to sell or finance these securities. The interest and principal payments we receive on the Agency
RMBS in which we invest are guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. Unlike the Ginnie Mae certificates in which we
may invest, the principal and interest on securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are not guaranteed by the U.S. government.
All the Agency RMBS in which we invest depend on a steady stream of payments on the mortgages underlying the securities. As conservator of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, the FHFA may disaffirm
or repudiate (subject to certain limitations for qualified financial contracts) contracts that Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae entered
into prior to FHFA’s appointment as conservator if it determines, in its sole discretion, that performance of the contract
is burdensome and that disaffirmation or repudiation of the contract promotes the orderly administration of its affairs. The Housing
and Economic Recovery Act of 2008, or HERA, requires FHFA to exercise its right to disaffirm or repudiate most contracts within
a reasonable period of time after its appointment as conservator. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have disclosed that the FHFA has disaffirmed
certain consulting and other contracts that these entities entered into prior to FHFA’s appointment as conservator. Freddie
Mac and Fannie Mae have also disclosed that the FHFA has advised that it does not intend to repudiate any guarantee obligation
relating to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac’s mortgage-related securities, because FHFA views repudiation as incompatible with
the goals of the conservatorship. In addition, the HERA provides that mortgage loans and mortgage-related assets that have been
transferred to a Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae securitization trust must be held for the beneficial owners of the related mortgage-related
securities, and cannot be used to satisfy the general creditors of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae. If the guarantee obligations of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae were
repudiated by the FHFA, payments of principal and/or interest to holders of Agency RMBS issued by Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae would
be reduced in the event of any borrowers’ late payments or failure to pay or a servicer’s failure to remit borrower
payments to the trust. In that case, trust administration and servicing fees could be paid from mortgage payments prior to distributions
to holders of Agency RMBS. Any actual direct compensatory damages owed due to the repudiation of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae’s
guarantee obligations may not be sufficient to offset any shortfalls experienced by holders of Agency RMBS. FHFA also has the right
to transfer or sell any asset or liability of Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae, including its guarantee obligation, without any approval,
assignment or consent. If FHFA were to transfer Freddie Mac or Fannie Mae’s guarantee obligations to another party, holders
of Agency RMBS would have to rely on that party for satisfaction of the guarantee obligation and would be exposed to the credit
risk of that party. Mortgage loan modification and refinancing programs may adversely
affect the value of, and our returns on, mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage loans. The U.S. government, through the Federal Reserve, the FHA, FHFA
and the FDIC, has implemented a number of federal programs designed to assist homeowners, including the Home Affordable Modification
Program, or HAMP, which provides homeowners with assistance in avoiding residential mortgage loan foreclosures, and the Home Affordable
Refinance Program, or HARP, which allows borrowers who are current on their mortgage payments to refinance and reduce their monthly
mortgage payments at loan-to-value ratios up to 125% without new mortgage insurance. Similar modification programs are also offered
by several large non-GSE financial institutions. HAMP, HARP and other loss mitigation programs may involve, among
other things, the modification of mortgage loans to reduce the principal amount of the loans (through forbearance and/or forgiveness)
and/or the rate of interest payable on the loans, or to extend the payment terms of the loans. Non-Agency RMBS and residential
mortgage loan yields and cash flows could particularly be negatively impacted by a significant number of loan modifications with
respect to a given security or residential mortgage loan pool, including, but not limited to, those related to principal forgiveness
and coupon reduction. These loan modification, loss mitigation and refinance programs may adversely affect the value of, and the
returns on, mortgage-backed securities and residential mortgage loans that we may purchase. We cannot predict the impact, if any, on our earnings or
cash available for distribution to our stockholders of the FHFA's proposed revisions to Fannie Mae's and Freddie Mac's existing
infrastructures to align the standards and practices of the two entities. On May 13, 2014, the FHFA released its updated 2014 Strategic
Plan for the Conservatorships of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which set forth three goals for the next phase of the Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac conservatorships. These three goals are to (i) maintain foreclosure prevention activities and credit availability
for new and refinanced mortgages, (ii) reduce taxpayer risk through increasing the role of private capital in the mortgage market,
and (iii) build a new single-family securitization infrastructure for use by the GSEs and adaptable for use by other participants
in the secondary market in the future. 20 The first goal is to refine and improve foreclosure prevention
and servicing initiatives for distressed borrowers. The second goal is to expand the credit risk transfer transactions that increase
the participation of private capital in assuming credit risk associated with the secondary mortgage market. The third goal is to
replace the current, outdated infrastructures of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac with a common, more efficient securitization infrastructure
that aligns the standards and practices of the two entities, beginning with core functions performed by both entities such as issuance,
master servicing, bond administration, collateral management and data integration. Furthermore, in October 2014, FHFA director Watt announced
a number of general policy initiatives by the FHFA , including restoring a program that allows Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac to guarantee
loans with down payments as low as 3%. Director Watt also said that the FHFA was taking steps to bring certainty to the circumstances
under which Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will require originators to repurchase defaulted mortgages that were later discovered to
have underlying defects. We cannot predict the prospects for the enactment, timing or final content of housing reform legislation. The FHFA recognizes that there are a number of economic factors
that could influence the agency’s success in achieving its goals, such as the fragility in domestic and global economies,
uncertainty over the future of housing finance reform initiatives affecting the financial condition, performance, and future prospects
of the GSEs, and that its proposals are in the formative stages. As a result, it is unclear how soon the proposals will be implemented.
If such proposals are fully implemented, it is also unclear how closely what is implemented will resemble the proposals in the
FHFA’s current strategic plan or what the effects of the implementation will be in terms of our stockholders’ equity,
earnings or cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Risks related to financing and hedging We may incur significant debt in the future, which will subject
us to increased risk of loss and may reduce cash available for distributions to our stockholders. Subject to market conditions and availability, we may further
increase our debt in the future. We use leverage to finance our assets through borrowings from repurchase agreements and other
secured and unsecured forms of borrowing. Although we are not required to maintain any particular leverage ratio, the amount of
leverage we deploy for particular assets depends upon our Manager’s assessment of the credit and other risks of those assets.
Our board of directors may establish and change our leverage policy at any time without stockholder approval. In addition, we may
leverage individual assets at substantially higher levels. Incurring debt could subject us to many risks that, if realized, would
materially and adversely affect us, including the risk that: • our cash flow from operations may be insufficient to make required payments of principal of and interest on the debt or we
may fail to comply with all of the other covenants contained in the debt, which is likely to result in (i) acceleration of
such debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision) that we may be unable to repay from internal
funds or to refinance on favorable terms, or at all, (ii) our inability to borrow unused amounts under our financing agreements,
even if we are current in payments on borrowings under those agreements and/or (iii) the loss of some or all of our assets to foreclosure
or sale; • our debt increases our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that investment yields will
increase with higher financing costs; • we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing
funds available for operations, investments, stockholder distributions or other purposes; and • we may not be able to refinance debt that matures prior to the investment it was used to finance on favorable terms, or at
all. Interest rate fluctuations could significantly decrease our
results of operations and cash flows and the market value of our investments. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including
governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond
our control. Interest rate fluctuations present a variety of risks to our operations. Our primary interest rate exposure relates
to the yield on our investments and the financing cost of our debt. Changes in interest rates will affect our net interest income,
which is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning investments and the interest expense we incur
in financing these investments. Interest rate fluctuations resulting in our interest expense exceeding interest income will result
in operating losses for us. Changes in the level of interest rates also may affect our ability to invest in investments, the value
of our investments and our ability to realize gains from the disposition of assets. Changes in interest rates may also affect borrower
default rates and may impact the ability of borrowers to refinance or modify loans and/or to sell real estate assets owned. Such
change could negatively impact the value of our investments. 21 Most of our financing costs are determined by reference to floating
rates, such as a LIBOR or a Treasury index, plus a margin, the amount of which will depend on a number of factors, including, without
limitation, (i) for collateralized debt, the value and liquidity of the collateral, and for non-collateralized debt, our credit,
(ii) the level and movement of interest rates and (iii) general market conditions and liquidity. In a period of rising
interest rates, our interest expense on floating-rate debt would increase, while any additional interest income we earn on our
floating-rate investments may not compensate for such increase in interest expense, the interest income we earn on our fixed-rate
investments would not change, the duration and weighted average life of our fixed-rate investments would increase and the market
value of our fixed-rate investments would decrease. Similarly, in a period of declining interest rates, our interest income on
floating-rate investments would decrease, while any decrease in the interest we are charged on our floating-rate debt may not compensate
for such decrease in interest income and interest we are charged on our fixed-rate debt would not change. Any such scenario could
materially and adversely affect us. Our operating results depend, in large part, on differences
between the income earned on our investments, net of credit losses, and our financing costs. We anticipate that, in most cases,
for any period during which our investments are not match-funded, the income earned on such investments will respond more slowly
to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, changes in interest rates, particularly short-term
interest rates, may immediately and significantly decrease our results of operations and cash flows and the market value of our
investments. We depend, and may in the future depend, on repurchase agreement
financing to acquire target assets, and our inability to access this funding could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations, financial condition and business. We use repurchase agreement financing as a strategy to increase
the return on our assets. However, we may not be able to achieve our desired leverage ratio for a number of reasons, including
if the following events occur: • our lenders do not make repurchase agreement financing available to us at acceptable rates; • certain of our lenders exit the repurchase market; • our lenders require that we pledge additional collateral to cover our borrowings, which we may be unable to do; or • we determine that the leverage would expose us to excessive risk. Our ability to fund our purchases of target assets may be impacted
by our ability to secure repurchase agreement financing on acceptable terms. We can provide no assurance that lenders will be willing
or able to provide us with sufficient financing. In addition, because repurchase agreements represent commitments of capital, lenders
may respond to market conditions by making it more difficult for us to secure continued financing. During certain periods of the
credit cycle, lenders may curtail their willingness to provide dual financing. If major market participants exit the repurchase agreement financing
business, the value of our target assets could be negatively impacted, thus reducing net stockholders’ equity, or book value.
Furthermore, if many of our lenders or potential lenders are unwilling or unable to provide us with repurchase agreement financing,
we could be forced to sell our target assets at an inopportune time when prices are depressed. In addition, if the regulatory capital requirements imposed
on our lenders change, our lenders may be required to significantly increase the cost of the financing that they provide to us.
Our lenders also may revise their eligibility requirements for the types of assets they are willing to finance or the terms of
such financings, based on, among other factors, the regulatory environment and their management of perceived risk, particularly
with respect to assignee liability. Moreover, the amount of financing we receive, or may in the
future receive, under our repurchase agreements is directly related to the lenders’ valuations of the target assets that
secure the outstanding borrowings. If we are unable to access or maintain financing for our target assets, it could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, business and liquidity. 22 Forced sales of assets by one or more of our largest competitors
could destabilize the financial markets that provide our repurchase agreement financing. When we employ repurchase agreement financing to fund our purchases
of target assets, we aim to secure sufficient financing on terms that are acceptable to us. The terms of the financings we receive
are influenced by the demand for similar funding by our competitors, including other REITs, specialty finance companies and other
financial entities. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than us, have greater financial resources and significantly
larger balance sheets than we do. In October 2013 the International Monetary Fund issued its Global
Financial Stability Report that raised the concern that a major interest rate shock could lead to forced asset sales by mortgage
REITs and, in the case of the largest mortgage REITs, could lead to a cascading failure of their funding counterparties. The report
suggested that, if warranted, government authorities could consider designating the largest mortgage REITs as systemically important
non-bank financial entities. To date, the U.S. Financial Stability Oversight Council, the board of regulators established after
the 2008 financial crisis, has not taken action to label any of the largest mortgage REITs as systemically important. Any sizable interest rate shocks or disruptions in secondary
mortgage markets resulting in the failure of one or more of our largest competitors could pose a significant risk to the U.S. economy,
and would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our ability to access or maintain short-term repurchase agreement financing
for our target assets. Our current lenders require, and future lenders may require,
us to enter into restrictive covenants relating to our operations. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, we, either directly
or through our equity method investments in affiliates, have entered into MRAs, with 35 and 30 counterparties, respectively, under
which we had borrowed an aggregate $2.8 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively, from 24 and 25 counterparties, respectively, on
a non-GAAP basis. As of December 31, 2014, the borrowings under repurchase agreements had maturities between January 2, 2015 and
September 17, 2019, and as of December 31, 2013, the borrowings under repurchase agreements had maturities between January 2, 2014
and May 29, 2014. These agreements generally include customary representations, warranties and covenants, but may also contain
more restrictive supplemental terms and conditions. Although specific to each master repurchase agreement, typical supplemental
terms include requirements of minimum equity, leverage ratios, performance triggers or other financial ratios. If we fail to meet
or satisfy any covenants, supplemental terms or representations and warranties, we would be in default under these agreements and
our lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the agreements to be immediately due and payable, enforce their
respective interests against collateral pledged under such agreements and restrict our ability to make additional borrowings. Certain
financing agreements may contain cross-default provisions, so that if a default occurs under any one agreement, the lenders under
our other agreements could also declare a default. Further, under our repurchase agreements, we may be required to pledge additional
assets to our lenders in the event the estimated fair value of the existing pledged collateral under such agreements declines and
such lenders demand additional collateral, which may take the form of additional securities, loans or cash. Future lenders may impose similar restrictions on us that would
affect our ability to incur additional debt, make certain investments or acquisitions, reduce liquidity below certain levels, make
distributions to our stockholders, redeem debt or equity securities and impact our flexibility to determine our operating policies
and investment strategies. For example, our loan documents may contain negative covenants that limit, among other things, our ability
to repurchase our common stock, distribute more than a certain amount of our net income or funds from operations to our stockholders,
employ leverage beyond certain amounts, sell assets, engage in mergers or consolidations, grant liens and enter into transactions
with affiliates. If we fail to meet or satisfy any of these covenants, we would be in default under these agreements, and our lenders
could elect to declare outstanding amounts due and payable, terminate their commitments, require the posting of additional collateral
and enforce their interests against existing collateral. We may also be subject to cross-default and acceleration rights and, with
respect to collateralized debt, the posting of additional collateral and foreclosure rights upon default. Further, this could also
make it difficult for us to satisfy the qualification requirements necessary to maintain our status as a REIT for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. Counterparties may require us to maintain a certain amount of
cash uninvested or to set aside non-levered assets sufficient to maintain a specified liquidity position which would allow us to
satisfy our collateral obligations. As a result, we may not be able to leverage our assets as fully as we would choose, which could
reduce our return on equity. If we are unable to meet these collateral obligations, our financial condition could deteriorate rapidly. 23 Warehouse facilities and other forms of short-term financings
may not always be available to finance our acquisition of residential and commercial whole loans. Our ability to fund our acquisitions of residential and commercial
whole loans depends on our securing warehouse, repurchase, and other forms of short-term financing on acceptable terms. We generally
intend to repay the short-term financing of a pool of mortgages under one of these facilities at or prior to the expiration of
that financing with the proceeds of a securitization or other sale of the mortgage loans, through the proceeds of other short-term
borrowings, or with other equity or longer-term debt financing. In addition, while a residential whole loan is financed under a
warehouse facility, to the extent the market value of the loan declines (which market value is generally determined by the counterparty
under the facility), we are required to either immediately reacquire the whole loan or meet a margin requirement to pledge additional
collateral, such as cash or additional residential loans, in an amount at least equal to the decline in value. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in establishing
sufficient sources of warehouse, repurchase facilities and other short-term debt when needed. Our inability to access warehouse
and repurchase facilities, credit facilities, or other forms of debt financing on acceptable terms may inhibit our ability to acquire
residential and commercial whole loans, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results, financial condition,
and business. If a counterparty to our repurchase transactions defaults
on its obligation to resell the underlying security back to us at the end of the transaction term, or if the value of the underlying
security has declined as of the end of that term, or if we default on our obligations under the repurchase agreement, we will lose
money on our repurchase transactions. When we engage in repurchase transactions, we generally sell
securities to lenders ( i.e. , repurchase agreement counterparties) and receive cash from the lenders. The lenders are obligated
to resell the same securities back to us at the end of the term of the transaction. Because the cash we receive from lenders when
we initially sell the securities to the lender is less than the value of those securities (this difference is the haircut), if
the lender defaults on its obligation to resell the same securities back to us we may incur a loss on the transaction equal to
the amount of the haircut (assuming there was no change in the value of the securities). At December 31, 2014, we had greater than
5% stockholders’ equity at risk with each of 5 repurchase agreement counterparties: Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., Credit Suisse
Securities, LLC, JP Morgan Securities, LLC, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, and Goldman, Sachs & Co
on a non-GAAP basis. We will also lose money on a repurchase transaction if the value
of the underlying securities has declined as of the end of the transaction term, as we will have to repurchase the securities for
their initial value but will receive securities worth less than that amount. Further, if we default on one of our obligations under
a repurchase transaction, the lender will be able to terminate the transaction and cease entering into any other repurchase transactions
with us. If a default occurs under any of our repurchase agreements and the lenders terminate one or more of our repurchase agreements,
we may need to enter into replacement repurchase agreements with different lenders. There can be no assurance that we will be successful
in entering into such replacement repurchase agreements on the same terms as the repurchase agreements that were terminated or
at all. Any losses we incur on our repurchase transactions could adversely affect our earnings and thus our cash available for
distribution to our stockholders. Our rights under our repurchase agreements may be subject
to the effects of the bankruptcy laws in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of us or our lenders under the repurchase agreements,
which may allow our lenders to repudiate our repurchase agreements. In the event of our insolvency or bankruptcy, certain repurchase
agreements may qualify for special treatment under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, the effect of which, among other things, would be
to allow the lender under the applicable repurchase agreement to avoid the automatic stay provisions of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code
and to foreclose on the pledged collateral without delay. In the event of the insolvency or bankruptcy of a lender during the term
of a repurchase agreement, the lender may be permitted, under applicable insolvency laws, to repudiate the contract, and our claim
against the lender for damages may be treated simply as that of an unsecured creditor. In addition, if the lender is a broker or
dealer subject to the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970, or an insured depository institution subject to the Federal Deposit
Insurance Act, our ability to exercise our rights to recover our securities under a repurchase agreement or to be compensated for
any damages resulting from the lender’s insolvency may be further limited by those statutes. These claims would be subject
to significant delay and, if and when received, may be substantially less than the damages we actually incur. 24 Pursuant to the terms of borrowings under master repurchase
agreements, we are subject to margin calls that could result in defaults or force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions
or through foreclosure. We enter into master repurchase agreements to finance the acquisition
of our target assets. Pursuant to the terms of borrowings under our master repurchase agreements, a decline in the value of the
collateral may result in our lenders initiating margin calls. A margin call means that the lender requires us to pledge additional
collateral to re-establish the ratio of the value of the collateral to the amount of the borrowing. The specific collateral value
to borrowing ratio that would trigger a margin call is not set in the master repurchase agreements and is not determined until
we engage in a repurchase transaction under these agreements. Our fixed-rate collateral generally may be more susceptible to margin
calls as increases in interest rates tend to affect more negatively the market value of fixed-rate securities. In addition, some
collateral may be more illiquid than other instruments in which we invest, which could cause them to be more susceptible to margin
calls in a volatile market environment. Moreover, collateral that prepays more quickly increases the frequency and magnitude of
potential margin calls as there is a significant time lag between when the prepayment is reported (which reduces the market value
of the security) and when the principal payment is actually received. If we are unable to satisfy margin calls, our lenders may
foreclose on our collateral. The threat of or occurrence of a margin call could force us to sell, either directly or through a
foreclosure, our collateral under adverse market conditions. Because of the leverage we expect to have, we may incur substantial
losses upon the threat or occurrence of a margin call. Hedging against interest rate exposure may materially and
adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our exemption
under the Investment Company Act, we pursue hedging strategies to reduce our exposure to adverse changes in interest rates. Our
hedging activity will vary in scope based on the level of interest rates, the type of investments held, and other changing market
conditions. Interest rate hedging may fail to protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: • interest rate hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of rising and volatile interest rates; • available interest rate hedging may not correspond directly with the interest rate risk for which protection is sought; • the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related liability or asset; • the amount of income that a REIT may earn from hedging transactions to offset interest rate losses is limited by U.S. federal
tax provisions governing REITs; • the credit quality of the hedging counterparty owing money on the hedge may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs
our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and • the hedging counterparty owing the money in the hedging transaction may default on its obligation to pay. In addition, we may fail to recalculate, re-adjust and execute
hedges in an efficient manner. Our hedging activities, which are intended to limit losses,
may materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. The cost of using hedging instruments increases as
the period covered by the instrument lengthens during periods of rising and volatile interest rates. We may increase our hedging
activity and thus increase our hedging costs during periods when interest rates are volatile or rising and hedging costs have increased.
Therefore, while we may enter into such transactions seeking to reduce interest rate risks, unanticipated changes in interest rates
may result in poorer overall investment performance than if we had not engaged in any such hedging transactions. In addition, the
degree of correlation between price movements of the instruments used in hedging strategies and price movements in the portfolio
positions or liabilities being hedged may vary materially. Moreover, it may be impossible to establish a perfect correlation between
such hedging instruments and the portfolio positions or liabilities being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us
from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to increased risk of loss. We may enter into hedging transactions that could expose
us to contingent liabilities in the future. Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, part of
our investment strategy involves entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances
(such as the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the
decision by a counterparty to request margin securities it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The
amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open hedging positions with the respective counterparty and could also
include other fees and charges. These economic losses will be reflected in our results of operations, and our ability to fund these
obligations will depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations
could adversely impact our financial condition. 25 Hedging instruments may not be traded on regulated exchanges,
guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities and involve risks
and costs that could result in material losses. Hedging instruments involve risk since they may not be traded
on regulated exchanges, guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, or regulated by any U.S. or foreign governmental authorities.
Consequently, there may be few or no requirements with respect to record keeping, financial responsibility or segregation of customer
funds and positions. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying derivative transactions may depend on compliance
with applicable statutory, commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable
international requirements. The business failure of a hedging counterparty with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most
likely result in a default. Default by a party with whom we enter into a hedging transaction may result in the loss of unrealized
profits and force us to replace the affected hedging instruments, at the then current market price. Although generally we seek
to reserve the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position
without the consent of the hedging counterparty, and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract in order to cover
our risk. No assurance can be given that a liquid secondary market will exist for derivative instruments purchased or sold, and
we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in significant losses. It may be uneconomical to “roll”
our TBA dollar roll transactions or we may be unable to meet margin calls on our TBA contracts, which could negatively affect our
financial condition and results of operations. We utilize TBA dollar roll transactions
as a means of investing in and financing Agency RMBS. TBA contracts enable us to purchase or sell, for future delivery, agency
RMBS with certain principal and interest terms and certain types of collateral, but the particular agency RMBS to be delivered
are not identified until shortly before the TBA settlement date. Prior to settlement of the TBA contract we may choose to
move the settlement of the securities out to a later date by entering into an offsetting position (referred to as a “pair
off”), net settling the paired off positions for cash, and simultaneously purchasing a similar TBA contract for a later settlement
date, collectively referred to as a “dollar roll.” The Agency RMBS purchased for a forward settlement date under
the TBA contract are typically priced at a discount to agency RMBS for settlement in the current month. This difference (or discount)
is referred to as the “price drop.” The price drop is the economic equivalent of net interest carry income on
the underlying agency RMBS over the roll period (interest income less implied financing cost) and is commonly referred to as “dollar
roll income.” Consequently, dollar roll transactions and such forward purchases of agency RMBS represent a form of
off-balance sheet financing and increase our "at risk" leverage. Under certain market conditions, TBA dollar roll transactions
may result in negative carry income whereby the Agency RMBS purchased for a forward settlement date under the TBA contract are
priced at a premium to Agency RMBS for settlement in the current month. Under such conditions, it may be uneconomical to
roll our TBA positions prior to the settlement date and we could have to take physical delivery of the underlying securities and
settle our obligations for cash. We may not have sufficient funds or alternative financing sources available to settle such obligations. In addition, pursuant to the margin provisions established by the Mortgage-Backed Securities Division (“MBSD”) of the
Fixed Income Clearing Corporation we are subject to margin calls on our TBA contracts. Further, our prime brokerage agreements
may require us to post additional margin above the levels established by the MBSD. Negative carry income on TBA dollar roll transactions
or failure to procure adequate financing to settle our obligations or meet margin calls under our TBA contracts could result in
defaults or force us to sell assets under adverse market conditions or through foreclosure and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations. Clearing facilities or exchanges upon which some of our hedging
instruments are traded may increase margin requirements on our hedging instruments in the event of uncertainty or adverse developments
in financial markets. In response to events having or expected to have adverse economic
consequences or which create market uncertainty, clearing facilities or exchanges upon which some of our hedging instruments, such
as interest rate swaps, are traded require us to post additional collateral against our hedging instruments. In the event that
future adverse economic developments or market uncertainty result in increased margin requirements for our hedging instruments,
it could materially adversely affect our liquidity position, business, financial condition and results of operations. 26 Risks related to our investments Difficult conditions and uncertain outlook in the mortgage
and in the residential real estate market may cause us to experience market losses related to our holdings. Our results of operations are materially affected by conditions
in the mortgage market, the residential and commercial real estate markets, the financial markets and the economy generally. Continuing
uncertain macroeconomic conditions have contributed to increased volatility of asset prices and negatively affected the economy
and markets. The residential and commercial mortgage markets have been severely affected by changes in the lending landscape and
there is no assurance that these conditions have permanently stabilized or that they will not worsen. A substantial portion of our assets are reported for accounting
purposes at fair value. A sharp increase in interest rates would be expected to correspond to a decline in the market values of
our investments. Changes in the market values of those assets are directly charged or credited to earnings for the period. As a
result, a decline in values will reduce the book value of our Company. A decline in the market value of our assets may adversely affect
us, particularly in instances where we have borrowed money based on the market value of those assets. If the market value of those
assets declines, the lender may require us to post additional collateral to support the loan. If we were unable to post the additional
collateral, we would have to sell the assets at a time when we might not otherwise choose to do so. The residential mortgage loans that we acquire, the mortgages
underlying the RMBS that we acquire, the commercial mortgage loans we acquire, the commercial mortgage loans underlying the CMBS
that we acquire and the assets underlying the ABS are all subject to defaults, foreclosure timeline extension, fraud, price depreciation
and unfavorable modification of loan principal amount, interest rate and premium, any of which could result in losses to us. In the event of any default under a mortgage loan held directly
by us, we bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the principal
and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations. In the
event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the
extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien
securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor in possession to the extent
the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process which could have
a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. Our investments in residential mortgage loans and RMBS are subject
to the risks of defaults, foreclosure timeline extension, fraud and home price depreciation and unfavorable modification of loan
principal amount, interest rate and amortization of principal, accompanying the underlying residential mortgage loans. The ability
of a borrower to repay a mortgage loan secured by a residential property is dependent upon the income or assets of the borrower.
A number of factors may impair borrowers’ abilities to repay their loans, including: • adverse changes in national and local economic and market conditions; • the availability of affordable refinancing options; and • uninsured or under-insured property losses caused by earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters. In the event of defaults on the residential mortgage loans and
residential mortgage loans that underlie our investments in RMBS and the exhaustion of any underlying or any additional credit
support, we may not realize our anticipated return on our investments and we may incur a loss on these investments. CMBS are secured by a single commercial mortgage loan or a pool
of commercial mortgage loans. CMBS we invest in are subject to all of the risks of the respective underlying commercial mortgage
loans. Commercial mortgage loans are secured by multifamily or commercial property and are subject to risks of delinquency and
foreclosure, and risks of loss that are greater than similar risks associated with loans made on the security of single-family
residential property. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by an income-producing property typically is dependent
primarily upon the successful business operation of such property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets
of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, the borrower’s ability to repay the loan may be
impaired. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by a number of factors that include: • tenant mix and the success of tenant businesses; • property location, condition and management decisions; 27 • competition from comparable types of properties; and • changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged. ABS are securities backed by various asset classes including,
but not limited to, small balance commercial mortgages, aircraft, automobiles, credit cards, equipment, manufactured housing, franchises,
recreational vehicles and student loans. ABS remain subject to the credit exposure of the underlying receivables. In the event
of increased rates of delinquency with respect to any receivables underlying our ABS, we may not realize our anticipated return
on these investments. The failure of servicers to effectively service the mortgage
loans underlying the RMBS in our portfolio or any mortgage loans we own may materially and adversely affect us. Most residential mortgage loans and securitizations of residential
mortgage loans require a servicer to manage collections on each of the underlying loans. Both default frequency and default severity
of loans may depend upon the quality of the servicer. If servicers are not vigilant in encouraging borrowers to make their monthly
payments, the borrowers may be far less likely to make these payments, which could result in a higher frequency of default. If
servicers take longer to liquidate non-performing assets, loss severities may tend to be higher than originally anticipated. Higher
loss severity may also be caused by less competent dispositions of REO properties. The failure of servicers to effectively service
the mortgage loans underlying the RMBS in our portfolio or any mortgage loans we own could negatively impact the value of our investments
and our performance. Servicer quality is of prime importance in the default performance of residential mortgage loans and RMBS.
Many servicers have gone out of business in recent years, requiring a transfer of servicing to another servicer. This transfer
takes time and loans may become delinquent because of confusion or lack of attention. When servicing is transferred, servicing
fees may increase which may have an adverse effect on the credit support of RMBS held by us. In the case of pools of securitized
loans, servicers may be required to advance interest on delinquent loans to the extent the servicer deems those advances recoverable.
In the event the servicer does not advance, interest may be interrupted even on more senior securities. Servicers may also advance
more than is in fact recoverable once a defaulted loan is disposed, and the loss to the trust may be greater than the outstanding
principal balance of that loan (greater than 100% loss severity). The expanding body of federal, state and local regulations
and the investigations of servicers may increase their cost of compliance and the risks of noncompliance, and may adversely affect
their ability to perform their servicing obligations. We have engaged, and we depend upon, third-party mortgage servicers
to service the pools of residential whole loans that we acquire. We also depend upon the mortgage servicers that have been hired
by issuers to service the mortgages underlying the RMBS that we acquire. The mortgage servicing business is subject to extensive
regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities and is subject to various laws and judicial and administrative
decisions imposing requirements and restrictions and increased compliance costs on a substantial portion of their operations. The
volume of new or modified laws and regulations has increased in recent years. Some jurisdictions and municipalities have enacted
laws that restrict loan servicing activities, including delaying or preventing foreclosures or forcing the modification of certain
mortgages. Investigations and enforcement actions have been brought, and fines and penalties assessed, by government agencies against
a few large non-bank mortgage servicers regarding their servicing, foreclosure, modification and other practices. Federal legislation has also been proposed which, among other
things, could hinder the ability of a servicer to foreclose promptly on defaulted residential loans, and which could result in
servicers being held responsible for violations in the residential loan origination process. Certain mortgage lenders and third-party
servicers have voluntarily, or as part of settlements with law enforcement authorities, established loan-modification programs
relating to loans they hold or service. These federal, state and local legislative or regulatory actions that result in modification
of our outstanding mortgages, or interests in mortgages acquired by us, may adversely affect the value of, and the returns on,
such residential loans. Mortgage servicers may be incentivized by the Federal government to pursue such loan modifications, as
well as forbearance plans and other actions intended to prevent foreclosure, even if such loan modifications and other actions
are not in the best interests of the beneficial owners of the mortgages. As a consequence of the foregoing matters, our business,
financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 28 We may not control the special servicing of the mortgage
loans included in the securities in which we invest and, in such cases, the special servicer may take actions that could adversely
affect our interests. With respect to the securities in which we invest, overall control
over the special servicing of the related underlying mortgage loans is held by a “directing certificateholder” or a
“controlling class representative,” which is appointed by the holders of the most subordinate class of security in
such series. Depending on the class of MBS we have acquired or may acquire, we may not have the right to appoint the directing
certificateholder. In connection with the servicing of the specially serviced mortgage loans, the related special servicer may,
at the direction of the directing certificateholder, take actions with respect to the specially serviced mortgage loans that could
adversely affect our interests. If our Manager overestimates the loss-adjusted yields of
our target assets, we may experience losses. Our Manager values our target assets based on loss-adjusted
yields, taking into account estimated future losses on the mortgage loans included in the securitization’s pool of loans,
and the estimated impact of these losses on expected future cash flows. Our Manager’s loss estimates may not prove accurate,
as actual results may vary from estimates. In the event that our Manager underestimates the pool level losses relative to the price
we pay for a particular investment, we may experience losses with respect to such investment. Mezzanine loan assets involve greater risks of loss than
senior loans secured by income-producing properties. We hold mezzanine loans which take the form of subordinated
loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying property or loans secured by a pledge of the ownership interests of either
the entity owning the property or a pledge of the ownership interests of the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning
the property. These types of assets involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage lending secured by income-producing
real property, because the loan may become unsecured as a result of foreclosure by the senior lender. In the event of a bankruptcy
of the entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security, we may not have full recourse to the assets of such
entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to satisfy our mezzanine loan. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine
loan or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the
senior debt. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our initial expenditure. In addition, mezzanine loans may have higher
loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss
of principal. Significant losses related to our mezzanine loans would result in operating losses for us and may limit our ability
to make distributions to our stockholders. Interest rate mismatches between our RMBS backed by ARMs
or hybrid ARMs and our borrowings used to fund our purchases of these assets may reduce our net interest income and cause us to
suffer a loss during periods of rising interest rates. We fund most of our investments in long term RMBS with short
term borrowings that have interest rates that adjust more frequently than the interest rate indices and repricing terms of RMBS
backed by adjustable-rate mortgages, or ARMs or hybrid ARMs. Accordingly, if short-term interest rates increase, our borrowing
costs may increase faster than the interest rates on RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs adjust. As a result, in a period of rising
interest rates, we could experience a decrease in net income or a net loss. In most cases, the interest rate indices and repricing terms
of RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs and our borrowings are not identical, thereby potentially creating an interest rate mismatch
between our investments and our borrowings. While the historical spread between relevant short-term interest rate indices has been
relatively stable, there have been periods when the spread between these indices was volatile. During periods of changing interest
rates, these interest rate index mismatches could reduce our net income or produce a net loss, and adversely affect the level of
our dividends and the market price of our common stock. In addition, RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs are typically
subject to lifetime interest rate caps which limit the amount an interest rate can increase through the maturity of the RMBS. However,
our borrowings under repurchase agreements typically are not subject to similar restrictions. Accordingly, in a period of rapidly
increasing interest rates, the interest rates paid on our borrowings could increase without limitation while caps could limit the
interest rates on these types of RMBS. This problem is magnified for RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs that are not fully indexed.
Further, some RMBS backed by ARMs or hybrid ARMs may be subject to periodic payment caps that result in a portion of the interest
being deferred and added to the principal outstanding. As a result, we may receive less cash income on these types of RMBS than
we need to pay interest on our related borrowings. These factors could reduce our net interest income and cause us to suffer a
loss during periods of rising interest rates. 29 Because we acquire mainly fixed-rate securities, an increase
in interest rates may adversely affect our book value. Rising interest rates generally reduce the demand for mortgage
loans due to the higher cost of borrowing. A reduction in the volume of mortgage loans originated may affect the volume of our
target assets available to us, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire assets that satisfy our investment objectives.
Rising interest rates may also cause our target assets that were issued prior to an interest rate increase to provide yields that
are below prevailing market interest rates. If rising interest rates cause us to be unable to acquire a sufficient volume of our
target assets with a yield that is above our borrowing cost, our ability to satisfy our investment objectives and to generate income
and pay dividends may be materially and adversely affected. The relationship between short-term and longer-term interest
rates is often referred to as the “yield curve.” Ordinarily, short-term interest rates are lower than longer-term interest
rates. If short-term interest rates rise disproportionately relative to longer-term interest rates (a flattening of the yield curve),
our borrowing costs may increase more rapidly than the interest income earned on our assets. Because we expect our investments,
on average, generally will bear interest based on longer-term rates than our borrowings, a flattening of the yield curve would
tend to decrease our net income and the market value of our net assets. Additionally, to the extent cash flows from investments
that return scheduled and unscheduled principal are reinvested, the spread between the yields on the new investments and available
borrowing rates may decline, which would likely decrease our net income. It is also possible that short-term interest rates may
exceed longer-term interest rates (a yield curve inversion), in which event our borrowing costs may exceed our interest income
and we could incur operating losses. Rapid changes in the values of our residential mortgage loans
and other real estate-related assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT or exemption from
registration under the Investment Company Act. If the market value or income potential of our residential mortgage
loans and other real estate-related assets declines as a result of increased interest rates, prepayment rates or other factors,
we may need to increase certain real estate investments and income and/or liquidate our non-qualifying assets in order to maintain
our REIT qualification or exemption from registration under the Investment Company Act. If the decline in real estate asset values
and/or income occurs quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid
nature of certain investments. We may have to make investment decisions that we otherwise would not make absent our REIT and Investment
Company Act considerations. Changes in prepayment rates could negatively affect the value
of our investment portfolio, which could result in reduced earnings or losses and negatively affect the cash available for distribution
to our stockholders. The value of our investment portfolio may be affected by prepayment
rates on mortgage loans. Many loans do not contain any restrictions on borrowers’ abilities to prepay their residential mortgage
loans and therefore the expected weighted average life of Agency RMBS is generally much shorter than would be implied by their
stated contractual maturities. Interest only Agency RMBS only entitle the holder to interest payments. Therefore, the yield to
maturity of interest only Agency RMBS is extremely sensitive to the rate of principal payments (particularly prepayments) on the
underlying pool of mortgages. Prepayment rates on loans are influenced by changes in market
interest rates and a variety of economic, geographic and other factors beyond our control. Consequently, we cannot predict with
certainty such prepayment rates, and no strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment or other such risks. Homeowners tend
to prepay mortgage loans faster when interest rates decline. Consequently, owners of the loans have to reinvest the money received
from the prepayments at the lower prevailing interest rates. Conversely, homeowners tend not to prepay mortgage loans when interest
rates increase. Consequently, owners of the loans are unable to reinvest money that would have otherwise been received from prepayments
at the higher prevailing interest rates. This volatility in prepayment rates may affect our ability to maintain targeted amounts
of leverage on our portfolio and may result in reduced earnings or losses for us and negatively affect the cash available for distribution
to our stockholders. 30 Many of our investments may be illiquid and we may not be
able to vary our portfolio in response to changes in economic and other conditions. We expect generally that any securities we purchase will be
in connection with privately-negotiated transactions that will not be registered under the relevant securities laws, resulting
in a prohibition against their transfer, sale, pledge or other disposition except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration
requirements of, or is otherwise in accordance with, those laws. Generally, we will not be able to sell these securities publicly
without the expense and time required to register the securities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities
Act, if the obligors agree to do so, or will be able to sell the securities only under Rule 144 or other rules under the Securities
Act which permit only limited sales under specified conditions. Moreover, turbulent market conditions could significantly and negatively
impact the liquidity of our assets. It may be difficult or impossible to obtain or validate third-party pricing on the investments
we purchase. Illiquid investments typically exhibit more volatility in price behavior, as a ready market does not exist, and can
be more difficult to value. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to sell such investments if the need
or desire arises. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly
less than the value maintained for it in our records. Furthermore, we may face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an
investment in an entity to the extent that we have or could be attributed with material non-public information regarding such entity. Our Manager’s due diligence of potential investments
may not reveal all of the liabilities associated with such investments and may not reveal other weaknesses in such investments,
which could lead to investment losses. Before making an investment, our Manager assesses the strengths
and weaknesses of the originators, borrowers, and the underlying property values, as well as other factors and characteristics
that are material to the performance of the investment. In making the assessment and otherwise conducting customary due diligence,
our Manager relies on resources available to it and, in some cases, an investigation by third parties. There can be no assurance
that our Manager’s due diligence process will uncover all relevant facts or that any investment will be successful. We may be adversely affected by risks affecting borrowers
or the asset or property types in which our investments may be concentrated at any given time, as well as from unfavorable changes
in the related geographic regions. Our assets are not subject to any geographic, diversification
or concentration limitations except that we concentrate in residential mortgage-related investments. Accordingly, our investment
portfolio may be concentrated by geography, asset, property type and/or borrower, increasing the risk of loss to us if the particular
concentration in our portfolio is subject to greater risks or undergoing adverse developments. In addition, adverse conditions
in the areas where the properties securing or otherwise underlying our investments are located (including business layoffs or downsizing,
industry slowdowns, changing demographics and other factors) and local real estate conditions (such as oversupply or reduced demand)
may have an adverse effect on the value of our investments. A material decline in the demand for real estate in these areas may
materially and adversely affect us. Lack of diversification can increase the correlation of non-performance and foreclosure risks
among our investments. Our investments are generally recorded at fair value, and
quoted prices or observable inputs may not be available to determine such value, resulting in the use of significant unobservable
inputs to determine value. The values of some of our investments may not be readily determinable.
We measure the fair value of these investments quarterly, in accordance with guidance set forth in Financial Accounting Standards
Board, or FASB, Accounting Standards Codification, or ASC 820-10, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures.” The fair
value at which our assets are recorded may not be an indication of their realizable value. Ultimate realization of the value of
an asset depends to a great extent on economic and other conditions that are beyond the control of our Manager, our Company or
our board of directors. Further, fair value is only an estimate based on good faith judgment of the price at which an investment
can be sold since market prices of investments can only be determined by negotiation between a willing buyer and seller. If we
were to liquidate a particular asset, the realized value may be more than or less than the amount at which such asset is valued. To a large extent, our Manager’s determination of the
fair value of our investments depends on inputs provided by third-party dealers and pricing services. Valuations of certain securities
in which we invest are often difficult to obtain or are unreliable. In general, dealers and pricing services heavily disclaim their
valuations. Dealers may claim to furnish valuations only as an accommodation and without special compensation, and so they may
disclaim any and all liability for any direct, incidental, or consequential damages arising out of any inaccuracy or incompleteness
in valuations, including any act of negligence or breach of any warranty. Depending on the complexity and illiquidity of a security,
valuations of the same security can vary substantially from one dealer or pricing service to another. Therefore, our results of
operations for a given period could be adversely affected if our determinations regarding the fair market value of these investments
are materially higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon their disposal. Our Manager utilizes analytical models and data in connection
with the valuation of our investments, and any incorrect, misleading or incomplete information used in connection therewith will
subject us to potential risks. Given the complexity of certain of our investments and strategies,
our Manager must rely heavily on analytical models (both proprietary models developed by our Manager and those supplied by third
parties) and information and data supplied by third parties, or Models and Data. Models and Data are used to value investments
or potential investments and also in connection with hedging our investments. When Models and Data prove to be incorrect, misleading
or incomplete, any decisions made in reliance thereon expose us to potential risks. For example, by relying on Models and Data,
especially valuation models, our Manager may be induced to buy certain investments at prices that are too high, to sell certain
other investments at prices that are too low or to miss favorable opportunities altogether. Similarly, any hedging based on faulty
Models and Data may prove to be unsuccessful. Furthermore, any valuations of our investments that are based on valuation models
may prove to be incorrect. 31 Some of the risks of relying on analytical models and third-party
data are particular to analyzing tranches from securitizations, such as mortgage-backed securities. These risks include, but are
not limited to, the following: (i) collateral cash flows and/or liability structures may be incorrectly modeled in all or
only certain scenarios, or may be modeled based on simplifying assumptions that lead to errors; (ii) information about collateral
may be incorrect, incomplete, or misleading; (iii) collateral or bond historical performance (such as historical prepayments,
defaults, cash flows, etc.) may be incorrectly reported, or subject to interpretation ( e.g. , different issuers may report
delinquency statistics based on different definitions of what constitutes a delinquent loan); or (iv) collateral or bond information
may be outdated, in which case the models may contain incorrect assumptions as to what has occurred since the date information
was last updated. Some of the analytical models used by our Manager, such as mortgage
prepayment models, mortgage default models, and models providing risk sensitivities and duration output, are predictive in nature.
The use of predictive models has inherent risks. For example, such models may incorrectly forecast future behavior, leading to
potential losses on a cash flow and/or a mark-to-market basis. Incorrect sensitivities and duration output may lead to an unsound
hedging strategy. In addition, the predictive models used by our Manager may differ substantially from those models used by other
market participants, with the result that valuations based on these predictive models may be substantially higher or lower for
certain investments than actual market prices. Furthermore, since predictive models are usually constructed based on historical
data supplied by third parties, the success of relying on such models may depend heavily on the accuracy and reliability of the
supplied historical data and the ability of these historical models to accurately reflect future periods. All valuation models rely on correct market data inputs. If
incorrect market data is entered into even a well-founded valuation model, the resulting valuations will be incorrect. However,
even if the input of market data is correct, “model prices” often differ substantially from market prices, especially
for securities with complex characteristics, such as derivative securities. Our investments in residential and commercial whole loans
are difficult to value and are dependent upon the ability to finance, refinance and securitize such investments. The inability
to do so could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and earnings and limit the cash available for distribution to our
stockholders. Our investments include investments in re-performing loans,
or RPLs, or non-performing loans, or NPLs. RPLs are loans on which a borrower was previously delinquent but has resumed repaying.
Our ability to sell RPLs for a profit depends on the borrower continuing to make payments. An RPL could become a NPL, which could
reduce our earnings. Investments in NPLs and sub-performing loans may involve workout negotiations, restructuring and the possibility
of foreclosure. These processes may be lengthy and expensive. If loans become real estate owned, or REO, servicing companies will
have to manage these properties and may not be able to sell them. See the “Our ability to sell REO on terms acceptable to
us or at all may be limited” risk factor. We may seek to refinance an NPL or RPL to realize greater value
from such loan. However, there may be impediments to executing a refinancing strategy for NPLs and RPLs. For example, many mortgage
lenders have adjusted their loan programs and underwriting standards to be more conservative, which has reduced the availability
of mortgage credit to prospective borrowers. This has resulted in reduced availability of financing alternatives for borrowers
seeking to refinance their mortgage loans. The decline in housing prices may also result in higher loan-to-value ratios and leave
borrowers with insufficient equity in their homes to permit them to refinance. To the extent prevailing mortgage interest rates
rise from their current low levels, these risks would be exacerbated. The effect of the above would likely serve to make refinancing
of NPLs and RPLs potentially more difficult and less profitable for us. Our ability to sell REO on terms acceptable to us or at all
may be limited. REO assets are illiquid relative to other assets we may own.
Furthermore, the real estate market is affected by many factors that are beyond our control, such as general economic conditions,
availability of financing, interest rates and supply and demand. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any REO assets
for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable
to us. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of an REO asset. In certain
circumstances, we may be required to expend cash to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold, and
we cannot assure that we will have cash available to correct defects or make improvements. As a result, our ownership of REOs could
materially and adversely affect our liquidity, earnings and cash available for distribution to our stockholders. 32 Government use of eminent domain to seize underwater mortgages
could materially adversely affect the value of, and the returns on, our Non-Agency RMBS. Starting in 2012, several county and municipal governments,
primarily in California, announced they were considering the use of eminent domain to seize and restructure performing underwater
mortgages held in private label securitization trusts from mortgage holders. Opponents believe that such a forced transfer of mortgages
from one set of private owners to others is unconstitutional, and violates many state laws. In August 2013, the FHFA released a
statement expressing serious concerns about the use of eminent domain to restructure mortgages, and indicated that it may initiate
legal challenges to any local or state action that sanctions the use of eminent domain to restructure mortgages that affect FHFA’s
regulated entities. In January 2013, San Bernardino County in California and two of its cities announced that they were abandoning
a proposed plan to use eminent domain to assist local homeowners with underwater mortgages. The stated reason that the proposal
was rejected was due to lack of public support. While the three California municipalities ultimately decided against the use of
eminent domain to assist struggling borrowers, the idea continues to be presented to and discussed with other jurisdictions. For
instance, in October 2014 a member of San Francisco’s Board of Supervisors submitted a proposal to the board to consider
the use of eminent domain to assist homeowners with underwater mortgages. If definitive action is taken by any local governments and such
actions withstand Constitutional and other legal challenges, resulting in performing mortgage loans securing our Non-Agency RMBS
being seized using eminent domain, the consideration received from the seizing authorities for such mortgages may be substantially
less than the outstanding principal balance, which would result in a realized loss and a corresponding write-down of the principal
balance of those mortgage loans. It remains too early to tell whether or to what extent other municipalities will actually attempt
to use an eminent domain strategy to seize and restructure underwater mortgages. If these proposals are implemented and expanded
to other jurisdictions, we believe that they could have a material adverse impact on our portfolio of Non-Agency RMBS. However,
we continue to believe the proposals in their current form are unlikely to withstand the inevitable legal and/or political challenges
they would face. Risks associated with our management
and relationship with our Manager and its affiliates We are dependent upon our Manager, its affiliates and their
key personnel and may not find a suitable replacement if the management agreement with our Manager is terminated or such key personnel
are no longer available to us, which would materially and adversely affect us. In accordance with our management agreement, we are externally
managed and advised by our Manager, and all of our officers are employees of Angelo, Gordon or its affiliates. We have no separate
facilities and we have no employees. Pursuant to our management agreement, our Manager is obligated to supply us with our senior
management team, and the members of that team may have conflicts in allocating their time and services between us and other entities
or accounts managed by our Manager, now or in the future, including other Angelo, Gordon funds. Substantially all of our investment,
financing and risk management decisions are made by our Manager and not by us, and our Manager also has significant discretion
as to the implementation of our operating policies and strategies. Furthermore, our Manager has the sole discretion to hire and
fire employees, and our board of directors and stockholders have no authority over the individual employees of our Manager, although
our board of directors does have authority over our officers who are supplied by our Manager. Accordingly, we are completely reliant
upon, and our success depends exclusively on, our Manager’s personnel, services, resources, facilities, relationships and
contacts. No assurance can be given that our Manager will act in our best interests with respect to the allocation of personnel,
services and resources to our business. In addition, the management agreement does not require our Manager to dedicate specific
personnel to us or to require personnel servicing our business to allocate a specific amount of time to us. The failure of any
of our Manager’s key personnel to service our business with the requisite time and dedication, or the departure of such personnel
from our Manager, or the failure of our Manager to attract and retain key personnel, would materially and adversely affect our
ability to execute our business plan. Further, when there are turbulent conditions in the real estate industry, distress in the
credit markets or other times when we will need focused support and assistance from our Manager, the attention of our Manager’s
personnel and executive officers and the resources of Angelo, Gordon will also be required by the other funds and accounts managed
by our Manager and its affiliates, placing our Manager’s resources in high demand. In such situations, we may not receive
the level of support and assistance that we may receive if we were internally managed or if our Manager did not act as a manager
for other entities. If the management agreement is terminated and a suitable replacement for our Manager is not secured in a timely
manner or at all, we would likely be unable to execute our business plan, which would materially and adversely affect us. 33 The management agreement was not negotiated on an arm’s
length basis and the terms, including the fees payable to our Manager, may not be as favorable to us as if the agreement was negotiated
with unaffiliated third parties. All of our officers and our non-independent directors are employees
of Angelo, Gordon or its affiliates. The management agreement was negotiated between related parties, and we did not have the benefit
of arm’s length negotiations of the type normally conducted with an unaffiliated third party and the terms, including the
fees payable to our Manager, may not be as favorable to us. We may choose not to enforce, or to enforce less vigorously, our rights
under the management agreement because of our desire to maintain our ongoing relationship with our Manager. We expect that our Manager will source all of our investments,
and existing or future entities or accounts managed by our Manager may compete with us for, or may participate in, some of those
investments, which could result in conflicts of interest. Although we are subject to Angelo, Gordon’s allocation
policy which specifically addresses some of the conflicts relating to our investment opportunities, there is no assurance that
this policy will be adequate to address all of the conflicts that may arise or will address such conflicts in a manner that results
in the allocation of a particular investment opportunity to us or is otherwise favorable to us. Our Manager may be precluded from
transacting in particular investments in certain situations, including but not limited to situations where Angelo, Gordon or its
affiliates may have a prior contractual commitment with other accounts or clients or as to which Angelo, Gordon or any of its affiliates
possess material, non-public information. Consistent with Angelo, Gordon’s fiduciary duty to all of its clients, it may give
priority in the allocation of investment opportunities to certain clients to the extent necessary to apply regulatory requirements,
client guidelines and/or contractual obligations. Angelo, Gordon or our Manager may determine that an investment opportunity is
appropriate for a particular account, but not for another. In addition, Angelo, Gordon or its employees may invest in opportunities
declined by our Manager for us. The investment allocation policy may be amended by Angelo, Gordon at any time without our consent.
As the investment programs of the various entities and accounts managed by Angelo, Gordon change and develop over time, additional
issues and considerations may affect Angelo, Gordon’s allocation policy and its expectations with respect to the allocation
of investment opportunities. Our Manager and Angelo, Gordon and their employees also may
have ongoing relationships with the obligors of investments or the clients’ counterparties and they or their clients may
own equity or other securities or obligations issued by such parties. In addition, Angelo, Gordon, either for its own accounts
or for the accounts of other clients, may hold securities or obligations that are senior to, or have interests different from or
adverse to, the securities or obligations that are acquired for us. Employees may also invest in other entities managed by other
managers which are eligible to purchase target assets. Angelo, Gordon or our Manager and their respective employees may make investment
decisions for us that may be different from those undertaken for their personal accounts or on behalf of other clients (including
the timing and nature of the action taken). Angelo, Gordon and its affiliates may at certain times simultaneously seek to purchase
or sell the same or similar investments for clients or for themselves. Likewise, our Manager may on our behalf purchase or sell
an investment in which another Angelo, Gordon client or affiliate is already invested or has co-invested. We have not adopted any
policy which would allow us to, or prohibit us from, buying or otherwise obtaining assets from any Angelo, Gordon client or selling
or transferring any assets to such clients. Our board of directors has approved very broad investment
policies for our Manager and does not review or approve each investment decision made by our Manager. Our Manager is authorized to follow very broad investment policies
and, therefore, has great latitude in determining the types of assets that are proper investments for us, allocations among asset
classes and individual investment decisions. In the future, our Manager may make investments with lower rates of return than those
anticipated under current market conditions and/or may make investments with greater risks to achieve those anticipated returns.
Our board of directors periodically reviews our investment policies and our investment portfolio but does not review or approve
each proposed investment by our Manager. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our board of directors relies primarily on
information provided to it by our Manager. Furthermore, our Manager may use complex strategies, and transactions entered into by
our Manager may be costly, difficult or impossible to unwind by the time they are reviewed by our board of directors. The management fee may not provide sufficient incentive
to our Manager to maximize risk-adjusted returns on our investment portfolio because it is based on our Stockholders’ Equity,
adjusted for certain non-cash and other items, and not on our performance. Our Manager is entitled to receive a management fee that is
based on our Stockholders’ Equity, adjusted for certain non-cash and other items as further discussed in Item 7 “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, at the end of each quarter. Accordingly, the possibility
exists that significant management fees could be payable to our Manager for a given quarter despite the fact that we could experience
a net loss during that quarter. Our Manager’s entitlement to such significant non-performance-based compensation may not
provide sufficient incentive to our Manager to devote its time and effort to source and maximize risk-adjusted returns on our investment
portfolio, which could, in turn, adversely affect our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and the market price of
our common stock. The compensation payable to our Manager will increase as a result of any future issuances of our equity securities,
even if the issuances are dilutive to existing stockholders. 34 Termination of our management agreement would be costly and,
in certain cases, not permitted. It is difficult and costly to terminate the management agreement
we have entered into with our Manager without cause. Our independent directors review our Manager’s performance and the management
fees annually. The management agreement provides for an initial term ending June 30, 2014, and is deemed renewed automatically
each year for an additional one-year period, subject to certain termination rights. At its regular quarterly meeting in April 2014,
the Board of Directors approved the renewal of the management agreement for an additional one-year period ending June 30, 2015.
The management agreement provides that it may be terminated annually by us without cause upon the affirmative vote of at least
two-thirds of our independent directors or by a vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding common stock, in
each case based upon (i) our Manager’s unsatisfactory performance that is materially detrimental to us or (ii) our
determination that the management fees payable to our Manager are not fair, subject to our Manager’s right to prevent termination
based on unfair fees by accepting a reduction of management fees agreed to by at least two-thirds of our independent directors.
Our Manager must be provided 180-days’ prior notice of any such termination. We may not terminate or elect not to renew the
management agreement, even in the event of our Manager’s poor performance, without having to pay substantial termination
fees. Upon any such termination without cause, the management agreement provides that we will pay our Manager a termination fee
equal to three times the average annual management fee earned by our Manager during the 24-month period prior to termination, calculated
as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter. While under certain circumstances the obligation to make such a payment
might not be enforceable, this provision may increase the cost to us of terminating the management agreement and adversely affect
our ability to terminate the management agreement without cause. Our Manager may terminate the management agreement if we become
required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act with termination deemed to occur immediately before
such event, in which case we would not be required to pay a termination fee to our Manager. Furthermore, our Manager may decline
to renew the management agreement by providing us with 180 days’ written notice, in which case we would not be required to
pay a termination fee to our Manager. Our Manager may also terminate the management agreement upon at least 60 days’ prior
written notice if we default in the performance of any material term of the management agreement and the default continues for
a period of 30 days after written notice to us, whereupon we would be required to pay to our Manager the termination fee described
above. If the management agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute
our business plan. Depository institutions that finance our investments may require
that AG REIT Management, LLC remain as our Manager under the management agreement and that certain key personnel of our Manager
continue to service our business. If AG REIT Management, LLC ceases to be our Manager or one or more of our Manager’s key
personnel are no longer servicing our business, it may constitute an event of default and the depository institution providing
the arrangement may have acceleration rights with respect to outstanding borrowings and termination rights with respect to our
ability to finance our future investments with that institution. If we are unable to obtain financing for our accelerated borrowings
and for our future investments under such circumstances, we may be required to curtail our asset acquisitions and/or dispose of
assets at an inopportune time. In prior years our Manager has waived its right to certain
reimbursements pursuant to the management agreement. If our Manager decides in the future not to grant such waiver, our operating
expenses would increase. We are required to reimburse our Manager for operating expenses
related to the Company that are incurred by our Manager, including expenses relating to legal, accounting, due diligence and other
services. For the years ended December 31, 2014, December 31, 2013 and December 31, 2012, the Manager had incurred approximately
$6.9 million, $6.5 million, and $4.4 million respectively, of reimbursable expenses. The Company has expensed into Other operating
expenses $6.9 million, $6.5 million and $2.2 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, December 31, 2013 and December 31,
2012, respectively. The Manager did not waive any expense reimbursements for the years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31,
2013. The Manager waived its right to receive expense reimbursements of $2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2012. As such,
our Other operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2012 was lower than it otherwise would have been, had our Manager
not waived its right to certain reimbursements. If our Manager decides in the future not to grant such waiver, our operating expenses
would increase and such increase may be substantial. 35 Risks related to our organization and
structure Loss of our exemption from regulation under the Investment
Company Act would negatively affect the value of shares of our common stock and our ability to distribute cash to our stockholders. We conduct our operations so that we and each of our subsidiaries
maintain an exemption from the Investment Company Act. Under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, a company is
an investment company if it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business
of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act, a company is deemed
to be an investment company if it is engaged, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding
or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire “investment securities” having a value exceeding 40% of the
value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis, or the 40% test.
“Investment securities” do not include, among other things, U.S. government securities, and securities issued by majority-owned
subsidiaries that (i) are not investment companies and (ii) are not relying on the exceptions from the definition of
investment company provided by Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act (the so called “private investment
company” exemptions). We are not engaged, except to a minor extent, in actively investing,
reinvesting or trading in securities. Rather, we are primarily engaged in the business of owning or holding the securities of our
wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries that are in real estate-related businesses. Therefore, we believe that we are not an
investment company as defined in Section 3 (a)(1)(A). We also believe we are not considered an investment company
under Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act. The operations of many of our wholly owned or majority-owned subsidiaries’
are generally conducted so that they are exempted from investment company status in reliance upon Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the Investment
Company Act. Because entities relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C) are not investment companies, our interests in those subsidiaries do
not constitute “investment securities” for purposes of Section 3(a)(1)(C). To the extent that our direct subsidiaries
qualify only for either Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) exemptions from the Investment Company Act, we limit our holdings in those kinds
of entities so that, together with other investment securities, we satisfy the 40% test. Although we continuously monitor our and
our subsidiaries’ portfolios on an ongoing basis to determine compliance with that test, there can be no assurance that we
will be able to maintain the exemptions from registration for us and each of our subsidiaries. As discussed, we generally conduct our wholly owned or majority-owned
subsidiaries’ operations so that they are exempted from investment company status in reliance upon Section 3(c)(5)(C)
of the Investment Company Act. Section 3(c)(5)(C) exempts from the definition of “investment company” entities
primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate.
The staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC, generally requires an entity relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C)
to invest at least 55% of its portfolio in “qualifying assets” and at least another 25% in additional qualifying assets
or in “real estate-related” assets (with no more than 20% comprised of miscellaneous assets). The method we use to classify our and our subsidiaries’
assets for purposes of the Investment Company Act is based in large measure upon no-action positions taken by the SEC staff. These
no-action positions were issued in accordance with factual situations that may be substantially different from the factual situations
we may face, and a number of these no-action positions were issued decades ago. No assurance can be given that the SEC or its staff
will concur with our classification of our or our subsidiaries’ assets or that the SEC or its staff will not, in the future,
issue further guidance that may require us to reclassify those assets for purposes of qualifying for an exclusion from regulation
under the Investment Company Act. In August 2011 the SEC solicited public comment on a wide range of issues relating to Section
3(c)(5)(C), including the nature of the assets that qualify for purposes of the exemption and leverage used by mortgage related
vehicles. There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the 1940 Act status of companies primarily owning real
estate related assets, including the SEC or its staff providing more specific or different guidance regarding these exemptions,
will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations. To the extent that the SEC or its staff provides more specific
guidance regarding Section 3(c)(5)(C) or any of the other matters bearing upon the definition of investment company and the exceptions
to that definition, we may be required to adjust our investment strategy accordingly. Additional guidance from the SEC or its staff
could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the investment strategy we have chosen. 36 Qualification for exemption from the definition of investment
company under the Investment Company Act limits our ability to make certain investments. For example, these restrictions limit
our and our subsidiaries’ ability to invest directly in mortgage-related securities that represent less than the entire ownership
in a pool of mortgage loans, debt and equity tranches of securitizations, certain real estate companies or assets not related to
real estate. If we fail to qualify for these exemptions, or the SEC determines that companies that invest in RMBS are no longer
able to rely on these exemptions, we could be required to restructure our activities in a manner that, or at a time when, we would
not otherwise choose to do so, or we may be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, either
of which could negatively affect the value of shares of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. If we were required to register with CFTC as a Commodity
Pool Operator, it could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading
Commission, or the CFTC, was given jurisdiction over the regulation of swaps. Under new rules implemented by the CFTC, companies
that utilize swaps as part of their business model, including many mortgage REITs, are deemed to fall within the statutory definition
of Commodity Pool Operator, or CPO, and, absent relief from the CFTC’s Division of Swap Dealer and Intermediary Oversight,
are required to register with the CFTC as a CPO. As a result of numerous requests for no-action relief from CPO registration, in
December 2012 the CFTC issued no-action relief entitled “No-Action Relief from the Commodity Pool Operator Registration Requirement
for Commodity Pool Operators of Certain Pooled Investment Vehicles Organized as Mortgage Real Estate Investment Trusts,”
which permits a CPO to receive relief from registration requirements by filing a claim stating that the CPO meets the criteria
specified in the no-action letter. We submitted a claim for relief within the required time period and believe we meet the criteria
for such relief. There can be no assurance, however, that the CFTC will not modify or withdraw the no-action letter in the future
or that we will be able to continue to satisfy the criteria specified in the no-action letter in order to qualify for relief from
CPO registration. If we were required to register as a CPO in the future or change our business model to ensure that we can continue
to satisfy the requirements of the no-action relief, it could materially and adversely affect our ability to operate our business,
our financial condition and our results of operations. Certain provisions of Maryland law could inhibit a change
in our control. Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law,
or the MGCL, may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in our
control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to realize a premium
over the then prevailing market price of such shares. We are subject to the “business combination” provisions of the
MGCL that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an “interested stockholder”
(defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares or
an affiliate or associate of ours who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial
owner of 10% or more of the voting power of our then outstanding voting shares) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the
most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder and, thereafter, imposes special stockholder voting
requirements to approve these combination unless the consideration being received by common stockholders satisfies certain conditions.
These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by the board of directors
prior to the time that the interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board of directors
has by resolution exempted business combinations between us and any other person, provided that the business combination is first
approved by our board of directors. This resolution, however, may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time. If this
resolution is repealed, or our board of directors does not otherwise approve a business combination, this statute may discourage
others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. The “control share” provisions of the MGCL provide
that “control shares” of a Maryland corporation (defined as shares which, when aggregated with all other shares controlled
by the stockholder, entitle the stockholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in the election of directors)
acquired in a “control share acquisition” (defined as the acquisition of “control shares,” subject to certain
exceptions) have no voting rights except to the extent approved by our stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds
of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding votes entitled to be cast by the acquirer of control shares, our
officers and our directors who are also our employees. Our bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition
statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares. There can be no assurance that this provision will not be amended
or eliminated at any time in the future. The “unsolicited takeover” provisions of the MGCL
permit our board of directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws,
to implement certain provisions since we have a class of equity securities registered under the Exchange Act, and at least three
directors who are not officers or employees of the corporation and are not affiliated with any acquiring person. These provisions
may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing
a change in our control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common stock with the opportunity to
realize a premium over the then current market price. Our charter contains a provision whereby we elect to be subject to the provisions
of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on our board of directors as soon as we become eligible
to do so. 37 Our authorized but unissued common and preferred shares may
prevent a change in our control. Our charter authorizes us to issue additional authorized but
unissued common stock and preferred shares. In addition, our board of directors may, without stockholder approval, increase the
aggregate number of our authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have authority to issue and classify
or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred shares and may set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified
or reclassified shares. As a result, among other things, our board may establish a class or series of common stock or preferred
shares that could delay or prevent a transaction or a change in our control that might involve a premium price for our common stock
or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action
against our directors and officers are limited, which could limit your recourse in the event of actions not in your best interest. Our charter limits the liability of our present and former directors
and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted under Maryland law. Under current Maryland
law, our present and former directors and officers will not have any liability to us or our stockholders for money damages other
than liability resulting from: • actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or • active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the
cause of action. Our charter authorizes us to indemnify our present and former
directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Our bylaws
require us to indemnify each present and former director or officer, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, in the defense
of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service to us. In addition,
we may be obligated to pay or reimburse the expenses incurred by our present and former directors and officers without requiring
a preliminary determination of their ultimate entitlement to indemnification. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more
limited rights against our present and former directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in
our charter and bylaws or that might exist with other companies, which could limit your recourse in the event of actions not in
your best interest. Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our
directors difficult, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our management. Our charter and bylaws provide that, subject to the rights of
any series of preferred shares, a director may be removed only for “cause” (as defined in our charter), and then only
by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Vacancies
generally may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum, for the full term
of the director who vacated. These requirements make it more difficult to change our management by removing and replacing directors
and may prevent a change in our control that is in the best interests of our stockholders. Our charter generally does not permit ownership in excess
of 9.8% of our common stock and attempts to acquire our shares in excess of the share ownership limits will be ineffective unless
an exemption is granted by our board of directors. Our charter generally prohibits beneficial or constructive ownership
by any person of more than 9.8% by vote or value, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock. Our board of
directors, in its sole discretion, may grant an exemption to these prohibitions, subject to certain conditions and receipt by our
board of certain representations and undertakings. Our board of directors may from time to time increase certain of these limits
for one or more persons and may increase or decrease such limits for all other persons. Any decrease in the share ownership limits
generally applicable to all stockholders will not be effective for any person whose percentage ownership of our shares is in excess
of such decreased limits until such time as such person’s percentage ownership of our shares equals or falls below such decreased
limits, but any further acquisition of our shares in excess of such person’s percentage ownership of our shares will be in
violation of the applicable limits. Our board of directors may not increase these limits (whether for one person or all stockholders)
if such increase would allow five or fewer persons to beneficially own more than 49.9% in value of our outstanding shares or otherwise
cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. 38 The constructive ownership rules contained in our charter are
complex and may cause the outstanding shares owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively
owned by one individual or entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than these percentages of the outstanding shares by an
individual or entity could cause that individual or entity to own constructively in excess of these percentages of the outstanding
shares and thus violate the share ownership limits. Any attempt to own or transfer our common stock or preferred shares (if and
when issued) in excess of the share ownership limits without the consent of our board of directors or in a manner that would cause
us to be “closely held” under Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the shares are held during
the last half of a taxable year) will result in the shares being deemed to be transferred to a director for a charitable trust
or, if the transfer to the charitable trust is not automatically effective to prevent a violation of the share ownership limits
or the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares, any such transfer of our shares will be void ab initio . Further,
any transfer of our shares that would result in our shares being held by fewer than 100 persons will be void ab initio . Risks related to taxation Our failure to qualify as a REIT would result in higher taxes
and reduced cash available for distribution to our stockholders. We operate in a manner that is intended to cause us to qualify
as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs are complex, and interpretations
of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT are limited. Qualifying as a REIT requires us to meet various
tests regarding the nature of our assets and our income, the ownership of our outstanding stock, and the amount of our distributions
on an ongoing basis. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon the characterization
and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain
independent appraisals. Our compliance with the REIT income and quarterly asset requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully
manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. Although we intend to operate so that we will qualify as a
REIT, given the highly complex nature of the rules governing REITs, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, and the possibility
of future changes in our circumstances, no assurance can be given that we will so qualify for any particular year. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any calendar year, we would
be required to pay U.S. federal income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular
corporate rates, and dividends paid to our stockholders would not be deductible by us in computing our taxable income. Further,
if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we might need to borrow money or sell assets in order to pay any resulting tax. Our payment of
income tax would decrease the amount of our income available for distribution to our stockholders. Furthermore, if we fail to maintain
our qualification as a REIT, we no longer would be required to distribute substantially all of our REIT taxable income to our stockholders.
Unless our failure to qualify as a REIT was subject to relief under U.S. federal tax laws, we could not re-elect to qualify as
a REIT for four taxable years following the year in which we failed to qualify. Complying with the REIT requirements can be difficult and
may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities. To qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we
must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our
assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our shares. We may be required to make distributions
to our stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, and may be unable
to pursue otherwise attractive investments in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying
as a REIT. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. The REIT distribution requirements could adversely affect
our ability to execute our business strategies. We generally must distribute annually at least 90% of our net
taxable income, excluding any net capital gain, in order for corporate income tax not to apply to earnings that we distribute.
To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100% of our taxable income, we will be subject
to U.S. federal corporate, and may be subject to state and local income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we
will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is
less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal income tax laws. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders to
comply with the requirements of the Code and to avoid paying corporate income tax. However, differences in timing between the recognition
of taxable income and the actual receipt of cash could require us to sell assets or borrow funds on a short-term or long-term basis
to meet the distribution requirements of the Code. 39 We may find it difficult or impossible to meet distribution
requirements in certain circumstances. Due to the nature of the assets in which we will invest, we may be required to recognize
taxable income from those assets in advance of our receipt of cash flow on or proceeds from disposition of such assets. For example,
we may be required to accrue interest and discount income on mortgage loans, mortgage-backed securities, and other types of debt
securities or interests in debt securities before we receive any payments of interest or principal on such assets. We also acquire
distressed debt investments that may be subsequently modified by agreement with the borrower. If the amendments to the outstanding
debt are “significant modifications” under the applicable Treasury regulations, the modified debt may be considered
to have been reissued to us at a gain in a debt-for-debt exchange with the borrower, with gain recognized by us to the extent that
the principal amount of the modified debt exceeds our cost of purchasing it prior to modification. Finally, we may be required
under the terms of indebtedness that we incur to use cash received from interest payments to make principal payments on that indebtedness,
with the effect of recognizing income but not having a corresponding amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders. As a result, to the extent such income is not recognized within
a domestic TRS, the requirement to distribute a substantial portion of our net taxable income could cause us to: (i) sell
assets in adverse market conditions, (ii) borrow on unfavorable terms, (iii) distribute amounts that would otherwise
be invested in future acquisitions, capital expenditures or repayment of debt or (iv) make a taxable distribution of our shares
as part of a distribution in which stockholders may elect to receive shares or (subject to a limit measured as a percentage of
the total distribution) cash, in order to comply with REIT requirements. Moreover, if our only feasible alternative were to make
a taxable distribution of our shares to comply with the REIT distribution requirements for any taxable year and the value of our
shares was not sufficient at such time to make a distribution to our stockholders in an amount at least equal to the minimum amount
required to comply with such REIT distribution requirements, we would generally fail to qualify as a REIT for such taxable year
and would be precluded from being taxed as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year during which we ceased to qualify
as a REIT. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may face tax liabilities
that reduce our cash flow. Even if we qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject
to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income
from certain activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local income, property and transfer taxes, such as
mortgage recording taxes. In addition, in order to meet the REIT qualification requirements, or to avert the imposition of a 100%
tax that applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from dealer property or inventory, we may hold certain assets through, and
derive a significant portion of our taxable income and gains in, TRSs. Such subsidiaries are subject to corporate level income
tax at regular rates. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Liquidation of assets may jeopardize our REIT qualification. To qualify as a REIT, we must comply with requirements regarding
our assets and our sources of income. If we are compelled to liquidate our investments to repay obligations to our lenders, we
may be unable to comply with these requirements, ultimately jeopardizing our qualification as a REIT, or we may be subject to a
100% tax on any resultant gain if we sell assets that are treated as dealer property or inventory. The failure of assets subject to repurchase agreements to
be treated as owned by us for U.S. federal income tax purposes could adversely affect our ability to qualify as a REIT. We have entered and may in the future enter into financing arrangements
that are structured as sale and repurchase agreements pursuant to which we nominally sell certain of our assets to a counterparty
and simultaneously enter into an agreement to repurchase these assets at a later date in exchange for a purchase price. Economically,
these agreements are financings which are secured by the assets sold pursuant thereto. We believe that we are treated for REIT
asset and income test purposes as the owner of the assets that are the subject of any such sale and repurchase agreement notwithstanding
that such agreements may transfer record ownership of the assets to the counterparty during the term of the agreement. It is possible,
however, that the IRS could assert that we did not own the assets during the term of the sale and repurchase agreement, in which
case we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 40 Complying with the REIT requirements may limit our ability
to hedge effectively. The REIT provisions of the Code may limit our ability to hedge
our assets and operations. Under current law, any income that we generate from transactions intended to hedge our interest rate,
inflation and/or currency risks will be excluded from gross income for purposes of the REIT 75% and 95% gross income tests if the
instrument hedges (i) risk of interest rate or currency fluctuations on indebtedness incurred or to be incurred to carry or
acquire real estate assets or (ii) risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income or gain that would be
qualifying income under the REIT 75% or 95% gross income tests, and such instrument is properly identified under applicable Treasury
Regulations. Income from hedging transactions that do not meet these requirements will generally constitute nonqualifying income
for purposes of both the REIT 75% and 95% gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may have to limit our use of hedging
techniques that might otherwise be advantageous, which could result in greater risks associated with interest rate or other changes
than we would otherwise be subject to. Our ability to invest in distressed debt may be limited by
our intention to maintain our qualification as a REIT, and our investments in distressed residential mortgage loans may affect
our ability to qualify as a REIT. We have acquired distressed debt and may acquire distressed
debt in the future. In general, under the applicable Treasury Regulations, if a loan is secured by real property and other property
and the highest principal amount of the loan outstanding during a taxable year exceeds the fair market value of the real property
securing the loan as of (i) the date we agreed to acquire the loan or (ii) in the event of a significant modification, the
date we modified the loan, then a portion of the interest income from such a loan will not be qualifying income for purposes of
the 75% gross income test, but will be qualifying income for purposes of the 95% gross income test. Revenue Procedure 2014-51 states that the IRS will treat distressed
debt secured by real property and other property as producing in part non-qualifying income for the 75% gross income test. Specifically,
Revenue Procedure 2014-51 indicates that interest income on distressed debt will be treated as qualifying income based on the ratio
of (i) fair market value of the real property securing the debt determined as of the date we committed to acquire the debt
and (ii) the face amount of the debt (and not the purchase price or current value of the debt). The face amount of a distressed
debt will typically exceed the fair market value of the real property securing the debt on the date we commit to acquire the debt.
Accordingly, distressed debt that is secured by real property and other property may produce a significant amount of non-qualifying
income for purposes of the 75% gross income test. As noted above, the applicable Treasury Regulations require
the apportionment of interest for purposes of the 75% gross income test only if the mortgage loan in question is secured by both
real property and other property. We believe that all or most of the distressed residential mortgage loans that we have acquired
and we will acquire in the future be secured only by real property and no other property value will be taken into account in our
underwriting process. Accordingly, we do not anticipate regularly investing in residential mortgage loans to which the interest
apportionment rules described above would apply, but we may acquire commercial mortgage loans to which the interest apportionment
rules may apply. If the IRS were to assert successfully that our distressed residential mortgage loans were secured by property
other than real property, then a significant portion of our interest income from any distressed residential mortgage loans we own
would be treated as nonqualifying income for the 75% gross income test, which could cause us to fail to satisfy that test. If we
did not satisfy the 75% gross income test, we could lose our REIT qualification or be required to pay a penalty to the IRS. Accordingly, we may be limited in our ability to invest in distressed
debt and maintain our qualification as a REIT, and our investments in distressed residential mortgage loans could affect our ability
to qualify as a REIT. Our ability to invest in and dispose of TBA securities could
be limited by our REIT status, and we could lose our REIT status as a result of these investments. We may utilize TBA dollar roll transactions as a means of investing
and financing Agency RMBS through “to-be-announced” forward contracts, or TBAs. The law is unclear regarding whether
TBAs will be qualifying assets for the 75% asset test and whether income and gains from dispositions of TBAs will be qualifying
income for the 75% gross income test. Until such time as we seek and receive a favorable private letter
ruling from the IRS or we are advised by counsel that TBAs should be treated as qualifying assets for purposes of the 75% asset
test, we will limit our net investment in TBAs and any non-qualifying assets to no more than 25% of our assets at the end of any
calendar quarter and will limit our investments in TBAs with a single counterparty to no more than 5% of our total assets at the
end of any calendar quarter. Further, until such time as we seek and receive a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS or
we are advised by counsel that income and gains from the disposition of TBAs should be treated as qualifying income for purposes
of the 75% gross income test, we will limit our gains from dispositions of TBAs and any non-qualifying income to no more than 25%
of our gross income for each calendar year. Accordingly, our ability to utilize TBA dollar roll transactions as a means of investing
and financing Agency RMBS could be limited. Moreover, even if we are advised by counsel that TBAs should
be treated as qualifying assets or that income and gains from dispositions of TBAs should be treated as qualifying income, it is
possible that the IRS could successfully take the position that such assets are not qualifying assets and such income is not qualifying
income. In that event, we could be subject to a penalty tax or we could fail to qualify as a REIT if (i) the value of our TBAs,
together with our non-qualifying assets for the 75% asset test, exceeded 25% of our gross assets at the end of any calendar quarter
or if the value of our investments in TBAs with a single counterparty exceeded 5% of our total assets at the end of any calendar
quarter or (ii) our income and gains from the disposition of TBAs, together with our non-qualifying income for the 75% gross income
test, exceeded 25% of our gross income for any taxable year. 41 The tax on prohibited transactions will limit our ability
to engage in transactions, including certain methods of securitizing mortgage loans that would be treated as sales for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. A REIT’s net income from prohibited transactions is subject
to a 100% tax with no offset for losses. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other
than foreclosure property, but including mortgage loans, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business.
We might be subject to this tax if we dispose of or securitize loans in a manner that was treated as a sale of the loans, if we
frequently buy and sell securities or open and close TBA contracts in a manner that is treated as dealer activity with respect
to such securities or contracts for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, in order to avoid the prohibited transactions
tax, we may choose to engage in certain sales of loans through a TRS and not at the REIT level, and may limit the structures we
utilize for our securitization transactions, even though the sales or structures might otherwise be beneficial to us. The share ownership limits applicable to us that are imposed
by the Code for REITs and our charter may restrict our business combination opportunities. In order for us to maintain our qualification as a REIT under
the Code, not more than 50% in value of our outstanding shares may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals
(as defined in the Code to include certain entities) at any time during the last half of each taxable year after our first taxable
year. Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our board of directors to take the actions that are necessary or appropriate
to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Under our charter, no person may own, directly or indirectly, (i) more than 9.8% in value
or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding common stock, or (ii) more than 9.8% in value or in number
of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our outstanding capital stock. However, our board of directors may, in its sole discretion,
grant an exemption to the share ownership limits (prospectively or retrospectively), subject to certain conditions and the receipt
by our board of certain representations and undertakings. In addition, our board of directors may change the share ownership limits
as described under “Business—Restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares.” The share ownership limit
is based upon direct or indirect ownership by “persons,” which is defined to include entities and certain groups of
stockholders. Our share ownership limits might delay or prevent a transaction or a change in our control that might involve a premium
price for our common stock or otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. We may lose our REIT qualification or be subject to a penalty
tax if the IRS successfully challenges our characterization of our investments in MSRs. We may invest in MSRs. The IRS has issued two private letter
rulings to REITs holding that MSRs are qualifying assets for purposes of the 75% asset test and produce qualifying income for purposes
of the 75% and 95% gross income tests. Private letter rulings may be relied upon only by the taxpayers to whom they are issued,
and the IRS may revoke a private letter ruling. Based on those private letter rulings and other IRS guidance regarding excess mortgage
servicing fees, we generally intend to treat our investments in MSRs as qualifying assets for purposes of the 75% asset test and
as producing qualifying income for purposes of the 95% and 75% gross income tests. However, we do not currently intend to seek
our own private letter ruling. Thus, it is possible that the IRS could successfully take the position that any MSRs we acquire
are not qualifying assets or do not produce qualifying income, presumably by recharacterizing the MSRs as an interest in servicing
compensation, in which case we may fail one or more of the REIT income or asset tests. If we failed one of those tests, we would
either be required to pay a penalty tax, which could be material, to maintain our REIT qualification or we would fail to qualify
as a REIT. We may lose our REIT status if the IRS successfully challenges
our characterization of our income from our foreign TRS. We have elected to treat certain entities as foreign TRSs and
we elect to treat certain entities as foreign TRSs in the future. We will likely be required to include in our income, even without
the receipt of actual distributions, earnings from our investment in any foreign TRS. Income inclusions from equity investments
in foreign corporations are technically neither actual dividends nor any of the other enumerated categories of qualifying income
for the 95% gross income test. However, the IRS has issued private letter rulings to other REITs holding that income inclusions
from equity investments in foreign corporations would be treated as qualifying income for purposes of the 95% gross income test.
Private letter rulings may be relied upon only by the taxpayers to whom they are issued and the IRS may revoke a private letter
ruling. Based on those private letter rulings and advice of counsel, we intend to treat such income inclusions as qualifying income
for purposes of the 95% gross income test. Nevertheless, no assurance can be provided that the IRS would not successfully challenge
our treatment of such income as qualifying income. In the event that such income was determined not to qualify for the 95% gross
income test, we could be subject to a penalty tax with respect to such income to the extent it exceeds 5% of our gross income or
we could fail to continue to qualify as a REIT. 42 If our foreign TRS is subject to U.S. federal income tax
at the entity level, it would greatly reduce the amounts that entity would have available to distribute to us and pay its creditors. There is a specific exemption from federal income tax for non-U.S.
corporations that restrict their activities in the United States to trading stock and securities (or any activity closely related
thereto) for their own account whether such trading (or such other activity) is conducted by the corporation or its employees through
a resident broker, commission agent, custodian or other agent. We intend that certain entities we form or acquire in the future
will rely on that exemption or otherwise operate in a manner so that they will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on their
net income at the entity level. If the IRS succeeded in challenging that tax treatment, it would greatly reduce the amount that
those entities would have available to distribute to us and to pay to their creditors. New legislation or administrative or judicial action, in
each instance potentially with retroactive effect, could make it more difficult or impossible for us to qualify as a REIT. The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of REITs may be
modified, possibly with retroactive effect, by legislative, judicial or administrative action at any time, which could affect the
U.S. federal income tax treatment of an investment in our common stock. The U.S. federal tax rules that affect REITs are under
review constantly by persons involved in the legislative process, the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department, which results in statutory
changes as well as frequent revisions to Treasury regulations and interpretations. Revisions in U.S. federal tax laws and interpretations
thereof could cause us to change our investments and commitments, which could also affect the tax considerations of an investment
in our stock. 43 