” and in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other risks and uncertainties detailed in this and our other reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. If a change occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and results of operations may vary materially from those expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict the occurrence of those matters or the manner in which they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should, therefore, not rely on these forward-looking statements as of any date subsequent to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. General We are an internally managed real estate company that acquires, owns, renovates and manages single-family homes as rental properties. We own all of our assets and conduct substantially all of our operations through (i) our Operating Partnership, in which we have a 98.2% interest as of December 31, 2014 and for which, through our wholly owned subsidiary, American Residential GP, LLC, we serve as sole general partner, and (ii) American Residential Properties TRS, LLC, or our TRS, which is our taxable REIT subsidiary. We have elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust, or REIT, for federal income tax purposes commencing with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2012. As a REIT, we are generally not be subject to federal income taxes to the extent that we currently distribute all of our taxable income to our stockholders and meet other specific requirements. Our primary business is to acquire, restore, lease and manage single-family homes as well-maintained investment properties to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns over the long-term. We employ a disciplined and focused approach to evaluating acquisition opportunities, considering the mix of potential rent yield and future home price appreciation potential when selecting a market and investment. We have the infrastructure to acquire properties through multiple acquisition channels, including sourcing individual properties through auctions and brokers and purchasing portfolios of properties through brokerages or directly from operators, investors or banks. We restore homes to “rent-ready” condition to a standard that we believe appeals to our target tenants’ preferences, enabling us to attract qualified tenants and provide a high level of service to our tenants. We believe that our vertically integrated acquisition and management platform is critical to executing our strategy. In addition to our primary business, we have a private mortgage financing business that generates attractive returns on invested capital and provides us access to acquisition opportunities and valuable market data. As of December 31, 2014 , we owned 8,893 properties in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Nevada, North Carolina, Ohio, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas that were 81% leased, and we managed an additional 437 properties for ARP Phoenix Fund I, LP, or Phoenix Fund, in Arizona and Nevada. Phoenix Fund is a private investment fund formed in February 2010 by Stephen G. Schmitz, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, and Laurie A. Hawkes, our President and Chief Operating Officer and a member of our Board of Directors, to invest opportunistically in single-family homes as rental properties. Our principal executive office is located at 7047 E. Greenway Parkway, Suite 350, Scottsdale, Arizona 85254. Our main telephone number is (480) 474-4800. Our web address is www.amresprop.com. Our History and Capitalization In October 2008, our founders, Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes, co-founded American Residential Properties LLC, or ARP LLC, a private investment firm, to capitalize on the extraordinary price deterioration in the single-family housing sector following the collapse in the housing and mortgage industries and began acquiring homes with their own capital. In February 2010, Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes launched Phoenix Fund. We were incorporated in Maryland in March 2012 to expand upon Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes' vision, strategy and platform. As part of our formation transactions, we completed an initial private offering of our common stock in May 2012, raising net proceeds of approximately $208.7 million. In addition, upon the completion of our initial private offering, we acquired substantially all of the assets of American Residential Management, Inc., or ARM, a company co-owned by Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes, including the proprietary real estate acquisition and management platform developed by our co-founders, pursuant to a contribution and sale agreement between our Operating Partnership and ARM. In December 2012 and January 2013, we raised an additional approximately $139.1 million of net proceeds from a follow-on private offering of our common stock and a small direct private placement of our common stock. We completed our initial public offering, or IPO, in May 2013, in which we issued 13,700,000 shares of our common stock at a public offering price of $21.00 per share, and we raised approximately $265.1 million of net proceeds, after deducting the 4 Table of Contents underwriting discounts and commissions, structuring fee and other offering expenses payable by us. We deployed the net proceeds from the IPO to acquire, restore, lease and manage single-family homes and to provide short-term private mortgage financing in accordance with our business strategy. Our Business and Growth Strategies Our primary objectives are to be a leader in the creation and expansion of the single-family rental business as an institutional-quality asset class with national scale and to generate long-term home price appreciation and provide our stockholders with attractive risk-adjusted returns. We seek to achieve these objectives through the following strategies: Active Property Management We seek to ensure tenant satisfaction by providing high-quality service at our self-managed properties. Our internally managed and vertically integrated property management platform allows us to oversee all aspects of our ownership of a rental home, including restoring a newly acquired home, marketing and leasing of the home, ensuring property quality control and opportunistically selling it when appropriate. We believe that internally managed property management allows us to optimize rental revenue, effectively manage expenses, realize economies of scale, standardize brand consistency and maintain direct contact with our tenants. Our senior management team has experience with the acquisition, restoration and management of single-family homes and provides oversight to all facets of our business. We believe our ability to improve asset quality and tenant retention, increase our homes’ useful lives and decrease turnover costs is an important element of our business and is instrumental in driving stockholder returns. Disciplined Acquisition Strategy We acquire high-quality single-family homes in select submarkets that meet our disciplined market selection criteria, which include above-average median household incomes, well-regarded school districts, proximity to employment centers and lifestyle amenities, access to transportation routes and public transit and low crime levels. We are focused on acquiring entry level homes with a number of key property characteristics, including: (i) three or more bedrooms; (ii) two or more bathrooms; (iii) post 1990 construction; (iv) master planned communities; and (v) estimated restoration costs of less than 20% of acquisition price. We believe these characteristics attract creditworthy tenants, produce high rental rates and occupancy levels and provide for long-term home price appreciation potential. We have an established acquisition and renovation platform to acquire high-quality single-family homes and source acquisition opportunities through a variety of channels. We source individual property purchases through foreclosure auction, short-sale, real estate owned, or REO, and traditional Multiple Listing Service, or MLS, processes. We also source portfolios of leased and vacant properties through brokerages or directly from operators, investors or banks. Targeted Geographic Expansion Our portfolio is diversified across several geographic markets. We continually monitor the markets in which we operate to identify investment opportunities that we believe can generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our stockholders. We believe that our strategy to maintain and grow a geographically diverse investment portfolio provides us with the ability to expand our market presence where the supply and demand characteristics create the most compelling acquisition and rental opportunities. We select our markets based on a comprehensive set of investment criteria, including strength of rental demand and rates of job growth, population growth and unemployment. Flexible Capital Structure Our capital structure provides us with significant financial flexibility and the capacity to fund future growth. On December 31, 2014 , our consolidated debt to undepreciated book value was approximately 53% . We have a $500 million senior secured revolving credit facility, or the Credit Facility, with an accordion feature that allows us, assuming our compliance with applicable covenants and at the lenders’ discretion, to borrow up to $750 million if certain criteria are met. As of December 31, 2014 , we had $311 million outstanding under the Credit Facility, with an additional availability of approximately $153 million . For more information on the Credit Facility, please see "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this report. Our Business Activities Acquisitions We have a disciplined acquisition platform that is capable of acquiring large numbers of properties across all of our acquisition channels in multiple target markets. When identifying desirable markets, we focus on factors such as the magnitude of housing price declines, strength of rental demand, and rates of job growth, population growth and unemployment, providing for attractive potential yields and potential home price appreciation. We use data from a variety of sources and evaluate 5 Table of Contents macroeconomic and microeconomic inputs (including housing market, demographic and economic data). Within markets that meet our selection criteria, we seek to identify the communities that offer the most attractive mix of housing prices, discounts to replacement cost, rental demand and rental rates, which are often characterized by good access to transportation networks and employment centers, quality schools and low levels of crime. We source acquisition opportunities through a variety of channels, including foreclosure auctions and broker sales (including short-sales, REO and traditional MLS). We also source portfolios of leased and vacant properties through brokerages or directly from operators, investors or banks. Most recently, foreclosure auctions and broker sales have presented the most attractive channels to access a significant supply of quality homes at attractive prices. While foreclosure auctions provide for a limited time frame to complete due diligence, our underwriting involves applying our acquisition parameters, including evaluating property location, estimating the costs of potential eviction of existing occupants and restoration, calculating expected rents and expenses, and reviewing title issues. We have acquired and will continue to acquire properties through direct contracts with various property owners through brokers and portfolio sales from governmental agencies, financial institutions and competitors. Acquisitions through these channels generally allow more time for underwriting to determine the expected rents, expenses and renovation costs, to perform physical property inspections, obtain title insurance and review applicable covenants conditions and restrictions. Restoration Nearly all of the properties we purchase require some degree of restoration. We coordinate an initial on-site review of a property to identify the scope of desired restoration. Beyond customary restoration, we identify improvements that we believe will optimize the property’s overall appeal and ability to generate premium rents and an appropriate return on our invested capital. We monitor the entire restoration process, including reviewing bids, managing the restoration itself and maintaining quality-control oversight. We have established relationships with many home improvement professionals, including contractors, electricians, plumbers, painters, HVAC specialists, landscapers and cleaning companies. Due to our scale, we are able to negotiate discounted pricing both through national purchasing programs and in local markets with various suppliers of appliances, fixtures and building materials. Leasing Consistent with our underwriting at the time of acquisition, we establish rental rates based on local market conditions and are responsible for collecting and processing rent. Factors considered when establishing rents include prevailing rental rates for comparable properties, weighing factors such as the size and age of the home, neighborhood characteristics and proximity to lifestyle amenities. We use local leasing agents who interface with potential tenants and our internal leasing staff. Properties are marketed through multiple channels, including our website, Internet-based marketing strategies, MLS, yard signage and local brokers. Our leases with residential tenants are typically written with a term of one year, using standardized leases appropriate for each jurisdiction, and generally contain customary provisions applicable to that market. Rigorous tenant underwriting is critical in our effort to lease our self-managed properties to creditworthy tenants that we believe are likely to maintain the home. We evaluate prospective tenants based on established guidelines and review financial data and metrics, such as household income, tenure at current job and rent as a percentage of household income. We also review non-financial factors, such as household size and rental history. Property Management We provide the continuum of property management services, including securing a property upon acquisition, coordinating with utility companies, overseeing the restoration process, managing the leasing process, communicating with tenants, collecting rents, conducting periodic inspections, managing routine property maintenance and repair needs, paying applicable taxes and HOA fees and interfacing with vendors and contractors. We perform property management functions primarily out of our corporate office in Scottsdale, Arizona and with supporting functions performed through regional offices in certain of our target markets. The following functions are performed internally by our employees with respect to our self-managed properties: communicate with and receive all general inquiries and maintenance requests from our tenants; coordinate, supervise, approve and monitor completion of required work with third-party vendors; coordinate and supervise periodic property inspections; coordinate, bid, award, supervise and monitor restoration and re-tenancy projects performed by third-party contractors; interface and comply with all applicable HOA obligations. By performing these functions internally with respect to our self-managed portfolio, we believe that we establish improved communications, foster direct relationships with tenants and gain tighter control over the quality and cost of restorations and property maintenance. 6 Table of Contents Additionally, our tenants can make maintenance requests on a 24-hour basis through our website or emergency telephone hotline, both of which are administered and managed from our headquarters office. Upon receiving a maintenance request, our maintenance personnel and systems identify an appropriate service provider from our network of vendor relationships and dispatch repair personnel to the home. Technology and Systems We believe that robust information technology is essential to acquire and manage a large-scale portfolio of single-family rental homes. We have a scalable real estate acquisition and management platform that has aided in the expansion of our business. Our systems are designed to collect housing, demographic and economic data to support our ongoing acquisition activities. Our systems also accumulate and analyze data at the individual property and portfolio levels, including economic and physical information about a property throughout the period of our ownership and management. Our Financing Strategy We have financed our operations and acquisitions to date through the issuance of equity securities and exchangeable senior notes, borrowings under our Credit Facility and the issuance and sale of single-family rental pass-through certificates that represent beneficial ownership interests in a loan, or our Securitization Loan. In the future, we expect to finance our operations, in part, with borrowings under our Credit Facility and with various other types of indebtedness. Competition We face competition from different sources in each of our two primary activities, acquiring properties and renting our properties and, to a lesser extent, in our private mortgage financing activities. We believe our primary competitors in acquiring our target properties through individual acquisitions are individual investors, small private investment partnerships looking for one-off acquisitions of investment properties that can either be rented or restored and sold, larger investors, including private equity funds and other REITs, that are seeking to capitalize on the same market opportunity that we have identified, and owner occupants. Our primary competitors in acquiring portfolios are private equity investors, REITs and sizeable institutional investors. These same competitors may also compete with us for tenants. Competition may increase the prices for properties that we would like to purchase, reduce the amount of rent we may charge at our properties, reduce the occupancy of our portfolio and adversely impact our ability to achieve attractive yields. However, we believe that our vertically integrated real estate acquisition and management platform and market knowledge in markets that meet our selection criteria provide us with competitive advantages. Management of Phoenix Fund As of December 31, 2014 , we managed 437 properties for Phoenix Fund, a fully committed private investment fund formed by Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes in 2010 to invest opportunistically in single-family homes as rental properties. Our TRS manages the properties of Phoenix Fund for a fee pursuant to a management agreement with Phoenix Fund. See "Item 1A. Risk Factors--Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest--Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes have duties to Phoenix Fund which may create conflicts of interest, and these conflicts may not be resolved in our favor, which could adversely affect us." Risk Management We face various forms of risk in our business ranging from broad economic, housing market and interest rate risks, to more specific factors, such as credit risk related to our tenants, re-leasing of properties and competition for properties. We believe that the housing market and credit risk expertise, research and analytical tools developed by our experienced management team will allow us to manage these risks. Insurance We carry liability and property insurance covering most of the properties in our portfolio under blanket insurance policies. All of our properties are covered by liability and property insurance, either carried by us or by preferred operators under longer-term arrangements with the operators. We believe the policy specifications and insured limits are appropriate and adequate for our properties given the relative risk of loss, the cost of the coverage and industry practice; however, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all losses we may sustain. Further, there are certain types of extraordinary losses, such as losses from terrorism and earthquakes, for which we may not have adequate insurance or coverage. It is our practice to obtain title insurance policies for all properties as soon as practicable after acquisition. 7 Table of Contents Regulation General Our properties are subject to various covenants, laws and ordinances and certain of our properties are also subject to the rules of the various homeowner associations, or HOAs, where such properties are located. We believe that we are in material compliance with such covenants, laws, ordinances and rules, and we also require that our tenants agree to comply with such covenants, laws, ordinances and rules in their leases with us. Fair Housing Act The Fair Housing Act, or FHA, its state law counterparts and the regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development, or HUD, and various state agencies, prohibit discrimination in housing on the basis of race or color, national origin, religion, sex, familial status (including children under the age of 18 living with parents or legal custodians, pregnant women and people securing custody of children under the age of 18), handicap or, in some states, financial capability. We believe that our properties are in substantial compliance with the FHA and other regulations. Environmental Matters As a current or prior owner of real estate, we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances, and we could be liable to third parties as a result of environmental contamination or noncompliance at our properties, even if we no longer own such properties. See “Risk Factors—Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry Generally—Contingent or unknown liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition.” REIT Qualification We have elected to be taxed as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. Our qualification as a REIT depends upon our ability to meet on a continuing basis, through actual investment and operating results, various complex requirements under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, relating to, among other things, the percentage of income that we earn from specified sources, the percentage of our assets that fall within specified categories, the diversity of our capital stock ownership, and the percentage of our earnings that we distribute. We believe that we have been organized in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Code and that our intended manner of operation will enable us to continue to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT. So long as we qualify as a REIT, we generally will not be subject to federal income tax on our REIT taxable income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates and may be precluded from qualifying as a REIT for the subsequent four taxable years following the year during which we fail to qualify as a REIT. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income or property. In addition, our TRS will be subject to federal, state and local taxes on its income or property. Investment Company Act of 1940 We intend to conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the 1940 Act. Employees As of December 31, 2014 , we had 157 employees. Our employees are not covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Available Information Our website address is www.amresprop.com. Information on our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available free of charge on our website (on the Investor Relations page under "SEC Filings"), our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, as well as our proxy statements with respect to our annual meetings of stockholders, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. All reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, may be read and copied at the SEC's public reference room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Further information regarding the operation of the public reference room may be obtained by calling 1-800-SEC-3300. In addition, all of our reports filed with the SEC are available at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. 8 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors. Investment in our capital stock involves significant risks. If any of the risks discussed in this report occurs, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. The risk factors set forth below are not the only risks that may affect us. Some statements in this report, including statements in the following risk factors, constitute forward-looking statements. Please refer to the section entitled "Forward-Looking Statements" in Item 1 of this report. Risks Related to Our Business We are an early entrant in an emerging industry, and the long-term viability of our business strategy on an institutional scale is unproven. Large-scale institutional investment in single-family residential homes as investment properties for rent is a relatively recent business strategy that has emerged out of the mortgage and housing crisis that began in late 2007. Prior to that time, single-family homes generally were not viewed as a viable asset for investment on a large scale by institutional investors. Consequently, the long-term viability of single-family residential investment strategies at an institutional scale has not yet been proven. As an early entrant in this emerging industry, we are subject to the risk that investing in and managing single-family rental homes may not prove to be a viable long-term business strategy for a permanent capital vehicle at an institutional scale. If it turns out that our strategy is not a viable long-term business strategy for a permanent capital vehicle at an institutional scale, we may not be able to achieve the growth and investment returns that we seek. We are a recently organized corporation with a limited operating history, and we may not be able to successfully operate our business or generate sufficient operating cash flows to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders. We were incorporated in March 2012 and commenced investment activities in May 2012, and we have a limited operating history. Our financial condition, results of operations and ability to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders will depend on many factors, including: • our ability to identify attractive acquisition opportunities that are consistent with our investment strategy; • our ability to consummate acquisitions on favorable terms; • our ability to achieve high occupancy rates and target rent levels; • our ability to contain restoration, maintenance, marketing and other operating costs; • real estate appreciation or depreciation in our markets; • the level and volatility of interest rates, and our access to short- and long-term financing on favorable terms; • our ability to absorb costs that are beyond our control, such as real estate taxes, HOA fees, insurance premiums, litigation costs and compliance costs; • our ability to adapt to judicial and regulatory developments affecting landlord-tenant relations that may affect or delay our ability to dispossess or evict occupants or increase rents; • our ability to respond to changes in population, employment or homeownership trends in our markets; and • economic conditions in our markets, as well as the condition of the financial and real estate markets and the economy generally. We have many competitors and may not become an industry leader. Several institutional investors have begun acquiring single-family homes on a large scale. Traditionally, foreclosed properties and loans secured by properties in pre-foreclosure were sold individually to private home buyers and small-scale investors. The sale of these assets in portfolios and the entry into this market of large, well-capitalized institutional investors, including us, are relatively recent trends, which we expect to intensify in the near future. Other REITs and investment funds have deployed and are expected to continue to deploy in the future, significant amounts of capital in the single-family housing sector and may have investment objectives that overlap with ours. In acquiring our target assets, we compete with a variety of investors, including private home buyers, small-scale investors and well-capitalized institutional investors. We also face increasing competition in our private mortgage financing business. Some of our competitors may have greater financial, technical, leasing, marketing and other resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of capital and access to capital sources that may not be available to us. These advantages of our competitors may adversely affect our ability to become an industry leader. 9 Table of Contents Our single-family homes may be unable to compete successfully for tenants. Our single-family homes compete for tenants with other single-family homes, including those owned by Phoenix Fund, and multi-family housing options, such as apartments and condominiums. Some of these competitors may offer more attractive properties or lower rents than we do, and they may attract the high-quality tenants to whom we seek to lease our properties. Additionally, some competing housing options may qualify for governmental subsidies that may make such options more affordable and therefore more attractive than our properties. Competition for tenants could reduce our occupancy and rental rates and adversely affect us. We intend to opportunistically expand our scale of operations and make acquisitions even if the rental and housing markets are not as favorable as they have been in recent months, which could adversely impact anticipated yields. Our long-term growth depends on the availability of acquisition opportunities in desired markets at attractive pricing levels. We believe various factors and market conditions have made homes available for purchase at prices that are significantly below replacement cost in many markets. However, we expect that in the future housing prices will stabilize and return to more normalized levels, and therefore future acquisitions may be more costly and result in lower yields. There are many factors that may cause a recovery in the housing market that would result in future acquisitions becoming more expensive and possibly less attractive than recent past and present opportunities, including: • improvements in the overall economy and job market; • a resumption of consumer lending activity and greater availability of consumer credit; • improvements in the pricing and terms of mortgage-backed securities; • increasing competition for single-family assets from private investors, entities with similar investment objectives to ours and owner-occupants; and • tax or other government incentives that encourage homeownership. We will continue acquiring properties as long as we believe such properties offer an attractive total return opportunity. Accordingly, future acquisitions may have lower yield characteristics than recent past and present opportunities, and if such future acquisitions are funded through equity issuances, the yield and cash available for distribution per share will be reduced and the market price of our common stock may decline. The past performance of our senior management and our limited operating history may not be indicative of our future results. You should not rely upon the past performance of our senior management, as their past performance at Phoenix Fund, ARM or in their other prior professional endeavors may not be indicative of our future results. Furthermore, we only commenced our investment activities in May 2012, and our limited operating history and the prior operating history of our senior management may not be indicative of our future results. Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our management and certain key personnel. If we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts and abilities of one or more of these individuals, particularly our founders, our operating results could suffer. Our ability to achieve our investment objective and to make distributions to our stockholders depends upon the performance of our management team. We rely on our management team to, among other things, identify and consummate acquisitions, design and implement our financing strategies, manage our investments and conduct our day-to-day operations. We cannot guarantee the continued employment of any of our key personnel, who may choose to leave our company for any number of reasons, such as other business opportunities, differing views on our strategic direction or other disagreements. We also rely on the experience, efforts and abilities of our founders, Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes, each of whom may be difficult to replace and our operating results could suffer. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to efficiently hire and retain highly skilled managerial, investment, financial and operational personnel. The growth of our business will require us to hire additional qualified managerial, investment, financial and operational personnel, including hiring in various local markets. Competition for such highly skilled personnel is intense. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in attracting and retaining such skilled personnel or in integrating any new personnel into our organization. Moreover, additional employees could result in a substantial increase in compensation expense that may not be offset with additional revenue. 10 Table of Contents Operating our business on a larger scale could result in substantial increases in our expenses. One of our goals is to implement our single-family rental business nationally. Our business model assumes that we can successfully use our vertically integrated platform to acquire and manage single-family homes on a larger scale than we have done to date without a directly proportional increase in our expenses. As our business grows in size and complexity, we can provide no assurance that our management platform will ultimately prove to be “scalable,” we will be able to achieve economies of scale, we will be able to manage additional properties or grow our business without incurring significant additional expenses. Our investments are, and will continue to be, concentrated in the single-family housing sector and in a number of markets nationally. This exposes us to the risk of downturns in that sector or in such markets, and we would be adversely affected by an economic downturn or other adverse events impacting the single-family housing sector or any of such markets. Our investment and geographic concentrations expose us to the risk of economic downturns and adverse regulatory, environmental or other developments in the single-family housing sector or any of the markets in which our properties are located, to a greater extent than if our strategy encompassed other sectors of the real estate industry and additional markets. In addition to general, regional, national and international economic conditions, our business will be impacted by the economic conditions in the specific geographic areas and markets in which we operate. We intend to continue to acquire and manage single-family homes and to provide short-term private mortgage financing secured by single-family homes located in markets where we are currently invested, which, as of December 31, 2014 , include the following: Phoenix, Arizona; the Central Valley and Inland Empire regions of California; Florida; Atlanta, Georgia; Chicago, Illinois; Indianapolis, Indiana; Charlotte, Raleigh and Winston-Salem, North Carolina; Nashville, Tennessee; and Dallas and Houston, Texas. A significant assumption underlying our investment strategy is our belief that property values and operating fundamentals for single-family homes in these markets will improve significantly over the next several years. We can provide no assurance that this assumption will prove to be correct. Our dependence upon local, third-party service providers may harm our financial results or reputation if the third parties fail to perform. Though we are internally managed, we use local, third-party vendors and service providers to provide certain services for our properties. For example, we regularly rely on third-party home improvement professionals, leasing agents and property management companies to provide services to many of our properties. Selecting, managing and supervising these third-party service providers requires significant resources and expertise. We do not have exclusive or long-term contractual relationships with any of these third-party providers, and we can provide no assurance that we will have uninterrupted or unlimited access to their services. If we do not select, manage and supervise appropriate third parties to provide these services, our reputation and financial results may suffer. Notwithstanding our efforts to implement and enforce strong policies and practices regarding service providers, we may not successfully detect and prevent fraud, incompetence or theft by our third-party service providers. In addition, any removal or termination of third-party service providers would require us to seek new vendors or providers, which would create delays and adversely affect our operations. Poor performance by third-party service providers will reflect poorly on us and could significantly damage our reputation among desirable tenants. In the event of fraud or misconduct by a third party, we could also be exposed to material liability and be held responsible for damages, fines and/or penalties. Through our preferred operators, we lease a number of our properties to third-party property operators pursuant to master leases that have longer terms than our leases with individual tenants who lease our properties directly from us. As of December 31, 2014, 594 of our properties were leased to third-party property operators pursuant to long-term agreements. These operators in turn sub-lease these properties to tenants, and the operators are obligated to pay us rent and bear all costs associated with the properties, such as insurance, real estate taxes, HOA fees and maintenance costs. To the extent these operators do not maintain sufficient occupancy or rental rates at the properties, it is possible that they will not meet their obligations under the lease, including paying rent to us. Moreover, if an operator defaults on its lease with us, we would be required to find a replacement operator or operate the properties ourselves. No assurance can be given that we would be able to locate acceptable replacement operators on terms as favorable as we previously did. Moreover, if we choose to operate the properties ourselves it could increase our costs, especially if we were required to establish a local office to manage the properties. Long-term leases may not result in fair market lease rates over time; therefore, our income and cash available for distribution to our stockholders could be lower than if we did not enter into long-term leases. Through our preferred operators, we enter into long-term leases with third-party property operators relating to portfolios of properties. These operators, in turn, lease the properties out to individual tenants. Our longer-term leases with third-party operators provide for rent increases over time and require that the operators pay us a portion of their gross sub-lease revenue in the form of percentage rent. If we do not accurately judge the potential for increases in market rental rates, the rent under our long-term leases with operators may be significantly less than then-current market rental rates, even after contractual rental increases and applicable 11 Table of Contents percentage rents. Further, we may have no ability to terminate those leases or to adjust the rent to then-current market rates, or, for certain long-term leases with third-party operators, we may have termination rights but may be required to pay a termination payment to the operators in connection therewith. As a result, our revenues and cash available for distribution to our stockholders could be lower than if we did not enter into long-term leases relating to portfolios of properties. Short-term leases of residential property may expose us to the effects of declining market rents. We anticipate that a majority of our leases to tenant-occupants will be for a term of one year. As these leases permit the tenants to leave at the end of the lease term without penalty, we anticipate our rental revenues may be affected by declines in market rents more quickly than if our leases were for longer terms. Short-term leases may result in high turnover, which involves costs such as restoring the properties, marketing costs and lower occupancy levels. Because we have a limited operating history, our tenant turnover rate and related cost estimates may be less accurate than if we had more operating data upon which to base these estimates. We rely on information supplied by prospective tenants in managing our business. We rely on information supplied to us by prospective tenants in their rental applications to make leasing decisions, and we cannot be certain that this information is accurate. In particular, we rely on information submitted by prospective tenants regarding household income, tenure at current job and size of household. Moreover, these applications are submitted to us at the time we evaluate a prospective tenant, and we do not require tenants to provide us with updated information during the terms of their leases, notwithstanding the fact that this information can, and frequently does, change over time. Even though this information is not updated, we use it to evaluate the overall average credit characteristics of our portfolio over time. If tenant-supplied information is inaccurate or our tenants’ creditworthiness declines over time, we may make poor leasing or underwriting decisions and our portfolio may contain more credit risk than we believe. When we purchase properties that are subject to existing leases, we are often not able to collect any information on tenant creditworthiness in connection with such purchases. We may be unable to secure funds for future tenant or other capital improvements, which could limit our ability to attract or replace tenants. When tenants do not renew their leases or otherwise vacate their space, we often are required to expend funds for property restoration and leasing commissions in order to re-lease the property. If we have not established reserves for such expenditures, we will have to obtain financing from other sources. We may also have future financing needs for other capital improvements to restore our properties. If we need to secure financing for capital improvements in the future but are unable to secure such financing or are unable to secure financing on terms we feel are acceptable, we may be unable to make capital improvements or we may be required to defer such improvements. If this happens, it may cause our properties to suffer from a greater risk of obsolescence or a decline in value, or a greater risk of decreased cash flow as a result of fewer potential tenants being attracted to the property or existing tenants not renewing their leases. If we do not have access to sufficient funding in the future, we may not be able to make necessary capital improvements to our properties, and our properties’ ability to generate revenue may be significantly impaired. When evaluating a property for acquisition, we make a number of significant estimates and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. This could cause us to overpay for a property or incur restoration and marketing costs significantly in excess of our estimates. In determining whether a particular property meets our investment criteria, we make a number of significant estimates and assumptions, including the amount of time it will take us to gain possession of the property, estimated restoration costs, the amount of time between acquiring the property and leasing it, annual operating costs, rental rates and tenant default rates. These estimates and assumptions may prove to be inaccurate and cause us to overpay for properties or overvalue our properties. Furthermore, we expect that there will be a significant degree of variability in the amount of time it takes us to gain possession of a property, the amount of restoration required at a property, the quality of construction of a property, the desirability of a property’s location and other property-specific issues. Our success will depend, to a significant degree, on our ability to evaluate these factors and identify and acquire properties that can be restored, rented and maintained at attractive yields. To the extent our evaluation of these factors or our assumptions are inaccurate, our investments may not meet our expectations. In addition, the market and regulatory environments relating to single-family homes have been changing rapidly, making future trends difficult to forecast. For example, an increasing number of homeowners now wait for an eviction notice or eviction proceedings to commence before vacating a foreclosed property, which significantly increases the time period between the acquisition and leasing of a property. Such changes affect the accuracy of our assumptions and, in turn, may adversely affect us. 12 Table of Contents Our long-term growth will depend significantly upon future acquisitions of single-family homes that meet our acquisition criteria. The acquisition of single-family homes entails various risks, including the risks that we may overvalue a home, our homes may not perform as we expect, we may be unable to quickly and efficiently restore and lease our homes, our tenants may default and our cost estimates for restoring an acquired home may prove inaccurate. In addition, we cannot assure you of the continued availability of acquisition opportunities in our markets at attractive pricing levels. Our revenue and expenses are not directly correlated, and, because a large percentage of our costs and expenses are fixed and some variable expenses may not decrease over time, we may not be able to adapt our cost structure to offset any declines in our revenue. Many of the expenses associated with our business, such as acquisition costs, restoration and maintenance costs, HOA fees, personal and real property taxes, insurance, compensation and other general expenses are fixed and would not necessarily decrease proportionally with any decrease in revenue. Our assets also require a significant amount of ongoing capital expenditure. Our expenses, including capital expenditures, will be affected by, among other things, any inflationary increases, and cost increases may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. Certain expenses incurred on a per-unit basis are recurring in nature, such as HOA fees, taxes, insurance and restoration and maintenance costs, which may not decrease on a per-unit basis as our portfolio grows through additional property acquisitions. By contrast, our revenue is affected by many factors beyond our control, such as the availability and price of alternative rental housing and economic conditions in our markets. As a result, we may not be able to fully, or partially, offset any increase in our expenses with a corresponding increase in our revenues. In addition, state and local regulations may require us to maintain our properties, even if the cost of maintenance is greater than the value of the property or any potential benefit we may receive from renting the property. If we cannot obtain financing, our growth may be limited. To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain, each year to our stockholders. As a result, our ability to retain earnings to fund acquisitions, restorations or other capital expenditures is limited. We have financed our operations and acquisitions to date through a combination of the issuance of equity securities and debt financing. We believe it is appropriate to use leverage as a component of our financing strategy in an effort to increase our return potential. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to obtain debt financing on favorable terms or at all and we may be limited in the amount of leverage that we may incur by the terms of various financing arrangements. Recent events in the financial markets have had an adverse impact on the credit markets, and, as a result, credit has become significantly more expensive and difficult to obtain, if available at all. Some lenders are imposing more stringent credit terms and there has been and may continue to be a general reduction in the amount of credit available. Many banks are either unable or unwilling to provide new asset-based lending. Tightening credit markets may have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain financing on favorable terms, thereby increasing financing costs and/or requiring us to accept financing with increasing restrictions. If conditions in the credit markets-in particular with respect to single-family home finance-materially deteriorate, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Our long-term ability to grow through additional investments will be limited if we cannot obtain additional financing. Market conditions may make it difficult to obtain financing, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain debt or equity financing or that we will be able to obtain it on favorable terms. Debt service obligations could adversely affect our operating results, may require us to sell properties and could adversely affect our ability to make or sustain distributions to our stockholders and the market price of our common stock. As of December 31, 2014 , our total consolidated indebtedness was approximately $768 million in aggregate principal. We may finance future activities with additional indebtedness. We may borrow for a number of reasons, such as financing acquisitions, capital expenditures or distributions necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT. Our governing documents contain no limitations on the amount of debt that we may incur. As a result, we may incur debt in the future. Incurring debt could subject us to many risks, including the risks that: • our cash flows from operations will be insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest; • our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; • we will be subject to restrictive covenants that require us to satisfy and remain in compliance with certain financial requirements or that impose limitations on the type or extent of activities we conduct; 13 Table of Contents • we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing cash available for distribution to our stockholders, funds available for operations and capital expenditures, future business opportunities or other purposes; and • the terms of any refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of the debt being refinanced. Our debt service obligations expose us to the risk of default and reduce cash available to invest in our business or pay distributions that are necessary to qualify and remain qualified as a REIT. Moreover, if we do not have sufficient funds to repay any debt we incur when it matures, we may need to refinance the debt or raise additional capital. If, at the time of any refinancing, prevailing interest rates or other factors result in higher interest rates on refinancing, increases in interest expense could adversely affect our cash flows and, consequently, cash available for distribution to our stockholders. To the extent we are required to raise additional capital to satisfy such debt, existing stockholders would see their interests diluted. If we are unable to refinance our debt or raise additional capital on acceptable terms, we may be forced to dispose of substantial numbers of properties on disadvantageous terms, potentially resulting in losses. To the extent we cannot meet any future debt service obligations, we will risk losing some or all of our properties that may be pledged to secure our obligations to foreclosure. Any unsecured debt agreements we enter into may contain specific cross-default provisions with respect to specified other indebtedness, giving the unsecured lenders the right to declare a default if we are in default under other loans in some circumstances. Our outstanding exchangeable senior notes may impact the market price of our common stock We believe that many investors in, and potential purchasers of, exchangeable debt instruments - such as our exchangeable senior notes - employ, or seek to employ, a convertible arbitrage strategy with respect to such instruments. Investors that employ a convertible arbitrage strategy with respect to exchangeable debt instruments typically implement that strategy by selling short the common stock underlying the exchangeable instrument and dynamically adjusting their short position while they hold the instrument. The implementation of this strategy by investors in our exchangeable senior notes, as well as related market regulatory actions, could have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. Current and potential joint venture investments may make us vulnerable to our co-venturer’s financial condition and disputes between us and our co-venturer. We have and may continue to co-invest with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, acquiring non-controlling interests in or sharing responsibility for a property, partnership, joint venture or other entity. Under these circumstances, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the assets held through the venture or the venture itself. Investments through joint ventures involve risks not present were a third party not involved in the investment, including the possibility that co-venturers may have rights that are superior to ours, become bankrupt, fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, make poor business decisions or block or delay actions that we believe are necessary or desirable. Co-venturers may have economic or other business interests or goals which are inconsistent with ours, including conflicting goals relating to the sale of assets or properties held in a joint venture or the timing of the termination and liquidation of the venture, and may be in a position to take actions contrary to our objectives. Such investments may also have the potential risk of impasses on material decisions, such as a sale, in circumstances where neither we nor our co-venturer have full control over the partnership or joint venture. Disputes between us and co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and prevent our officers and/or directors from focusing their time and effort on our business. Consequently, action by or disputes with co-venturers might result in subjecting properties owned by the joint venture to additional risk. In addition, we may under certain circumstances be liable for the actions of our co-venturers. Our Board of Directors may approve changes to our investment strategy, financing strategy or leverage policies without stockholder consent. Our Board of Directors may approve changes to any of our strategies, policies or procedures with respect to property acquisitions and divestitures, asset allocation, growth, operations, indebtedness, financing and distributions at any time without the consent of our stockholders, which could result in our acquiring properties that are different from, and possibly riskier than, the types of single-family residential real estate and related investments in which we currently invest. These changes could adversely affect us. We anticipate being involved in a variety of litigation. We anticipate being involved in a range of court proceedings in the ordinary course of business. These actions may include eviction proceedings and other landlord-tenant disputes, challenges to title and ownership rights (including actions brought by prior owners alleging wrongful foreclosure by their lender or loan servicer) and issues with local housing officials arising from the condition or maintenance of a property. While we intend to vigorously defend any legal action against us, no assurance can be given that we will not incur significant expense relating to these matters or that they will not require significant management attention and adversely affect us. 14 Table of Contents Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business we acquire and store sensitive data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and personally identifiable information of our prospective and current tenants, our employees and third-party service providers in our offices and on our networks. The secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, misused, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers or damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our results of operations and competitive position. We will incur significant expenses as a result of being a public company, which will negatively impact our financial performance. We will incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses as a result of being a public company. The Dodd-Frank Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as well as related rules implemented by the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. In addition, rules that the SEC is implementing or is required to implement pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act are expected to require additional changes. We expect that compliance with these and other similar laws, rules and regulations, including compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, will substantially increase our expenses, including our legal and accounting costs, and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. We also expect these laws, rules and regulations to make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage, which may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board of Directors or as officers. Although the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, recently enacted by the U.S. Congress and discussed in the next risk factor may for a limited period of time somewhat lessen the cost of complying with these additional regulatory and other requirements, we nonetheless expect a substantial increase in legal, accounting, insurance and certain other expenses in the future, which will negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition. The JOBS Act allows us to postpone the date by which we must comply with certain laws and regulations intended to protect investors and to reduce the amount of information we provide in our reports filed with the SEC. The JOBS Act is intended to reduce the regulatory burden on “emerging growth companies.” As defined in the JOBS Act, a public company whose initial public offering of common equity securities occurred after December 8, 2011 and whose annual gross revenues are less than $1.0 billion will, in general, qualify as an “emerging growth company” until the earliest of: • the last day of its fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of its initial public offering of common equity securities; • the last day of its fiscal year in which it has annual gross revenue of $1.0 billion or more; • the date on which it has, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt; and • the date on which it is deemed to be a “large accelerated filer,” which will occur at such time as the company (1) has an aggregate worldwide market value of common equity securities held by non-affiliates of $700 million or more as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter, (2) has been required to file annual and quarterly reports under the Exchange Act for a period of at least 12 months and (3) has filed at least one annual report pursuant to the Exchange Act. Under this definition, we are an “emerging growth company” and could remain an “emerging growth company” until as late as December 31, 2018. The JOBS Act provides that, so long as a company qualifies as an “emerging growth company,” it will, among other things: • be exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that its independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting; • be exempt from the “say on pay” provisions (requiring a non-binding stockholder vote to approve compensation of certain executive officers) and the “say on golden parachute” provisions (requiring a non-binding stockholder vote to approve golden parachute arrangements for certain executive officers in connection with mergers and certain other business combinations) of the Dodd-Frank Act and certain disclosure requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to compensation of its chief executive officer; 15 Table of Contents • be permitted to omit the detailed compensation discussion and analysis from proxy statements and reports filed under the Exchange Act and instead provide a reduced level of disclosure concerning executive compensation; and • be exempt from any rules that may be adopted by the PCAOB requiring mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor’s report on the financial statements. We currently expect to take advantage of some or all of the reduced regulatory and reporting requirements that will be available to us so long as we qualify as an “emerging growth company,” except that we have irrevocably elected not to take advantage of the extension of time to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards available under Section 102(b) of the JOBS Act. Among other reduced requirements available to us, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting so long as we qualify as an “emerging growth company,” which may increase the risk that weaknesses or deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting go undetected. Likewise, so long as we qualify as an “emerging growth company,” we may elect not to provide you with certain information, including certain financial information and certain information regarding compensation of our executive officers, that we would otherwise have been required to provide in filings we make with the SEC, which may make it more difficult for investors and securities analysts to evaluate our company. As a result, investor confidence in our company and the market price of our common stock may be adversely affected. As a public reporting company, we are subject to rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the NYSE regarding our internal control over financial reporting. We may not complete needed improvements to our internal control over financial reporting in a timely manner, or these internal controls may not be determined to be effective, which may adversely affect investor confidence in our company and, as a result, the market price of our common stock. As a public reporting company, we are subject to the rules and regulations established from time to time by the SEC and the NYSE. These rules and regulations require, among other things, that we establish and periodically evaluate procedures with respect to our internal controls over financial reporting. Reporting obligations as a public company are likely to place a considerable strain on our financial and management systems, processes and controls, as well as on our personnel. In addition, as a public company we are required to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act so that our management can certify as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting by the time our annual report for the year ending December 31, 2014 is due and thereafter. Likewise, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at such time as we cease to be an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act. As described in the preceding risk factor, we could qualify as an “emerging growth company” until as late as December 31, 2018. As a result, we will be required to improve our financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures, to incur substantial expenses to test our systems and to make such improvements and to hire additional personnel. If our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls, if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot deliver (at such time as it is required to do so) a report attesting to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or if we identify or fail to remediate material weaknesses in our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public confidence, which could harm our reputation and the market price of our common stock. In addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls, we may not be able to manage our business effectively or accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. Risks Related to Single-Family Housing The value and operating fundamentals of single-family housing in our markets may not improve. A substantial part of our business plan is based on our belief that the value and operating fundamentals of single-family housing in our markets will improve significantly over the next several years. We cannot assure you as to whether, when or to what extent property values and operating fundamentals will improve. In addition, it is possible that our belief is incorrect and that the value and operating fundamentals of single-family housing in our markets will not improve and may deteriorate. 16 Table of Contents Many factors impact the single-family residential rental market, and if rents in our markets do not increase sufficiently to keep pace with rising costs of operations, our cash available for distribution will decline. The success of our business model will substantially depend on conditions in the single-family rental market in our geographic markets. Our asset acquisitions are premised on assumptions about, among other things, occupancy and rent levels, and if those assumptions prove to be inaccurate our cash flows will be lower than expected. Rental rates and occupancy levels have benefited in recent periods from macroeconomic trends affecting the U.S. economy and residential real estate markets in particular, including: a tightening of credit that has made it more difficult to finance a home purchase, combined with efforts by consumers generally to reduce their exposure to credit and slowly-recovering economic and employment conditions that have made it more difficult for families to remain in homes that were purchased prior to the economic downturn. We do not expect these favorable trends in the residential rental market to continue indefinitely. Eventually, a strengthening of the U.S. economy and job growth, coupled with government programs designed to keep homeowners in their homes and/or other factors, may contribute to a stabilization or reversal of the current trend that favors renting rather than homeownership. In addition, we expect that as investors like us increasingly seek to capitalize on opportunities to purchase undervalued housing assets and convert them to productive uses, the supply of single-family rental properties will decrease and the competition for tenants will intensify. A softening of the rental market in our markets would reduce our rental revenue. Acquiring properties during periods when the single-family home sector is experiencing substantial inflows of capital and intense competition may result in inflated purchase prices and increase the likelihood that our properties will not appreciate in value and may, instead, decrease in value. The allocation of substantial amounts of capital for investment in the single-family home sector and significant competition for income producing real estate may inflate the purchase prices for such assets. To the extent we purchased or in the future purchase real estate in such an environment, it is possible that the value of our properties may not appreciate and may, instead, decrease in value, perhaps significantly, below the amount we paid for such properties. In addition to macroeconomic and local economic factors, technical factors, such as a decrease in the amount of capital allocated to the single-family home sector and the number of investors participating in the sector, could cause the value of our properties to decline. Mortgage loan modification programs and future legislative action may reduce the number of properties that meet our investment criteria. The U.S. government, through the Federal Reserve, the Federal Housing Administration and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, has implemented a number of programs designed to provide homeowners with assistance in avoiding residential mortgage loan foreclosures, including the Home Affordable Modification Program, which seeks to provide relief to homeowners whose mortgages are in or may be subject to foreclosure, and the Home Affordable Refinance Program, which allows certain borrowers who are underwater on their mortgage but current on their mortgage payments to refinance their loans. Several states, including states in which our current markets are located, have adopted or are considering similar legislation. These programs and other loss mitigation programs may involve, among other things, the modification or refinancing of mortgage loans or providing homeowners with additional relief from loan foreclosures. Such programs are intended to lead to fewer foreclosures and, if successful, will decrease the supply of properties that meet our investment criteria. The pace of residential foreclosures is unpredictable and subject to numerous factors. In recent periods there has been a backlog of foreclosures, due to a combination of volume constraints and legal actions, including those brought by the U.S. Department of Justice, or the DOJ, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, or HUD, State Attorneys General, the office of the Comptroller of the Currency, or the OCC, and the Federal Reserve Board against mortgage servicers alleging wrongful foreclosure practices. Financial institutions have also been subjected to regulatory restrictions and limitations on foreclosure activity by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. Legal claims brought or threatened by the DOJ, HUD and 49 State Attorneys General against the five largest residential mortgage servicers in the country were settled in 2012 for approximately $25 billion, and an enforcement action threatened by the OCC against ten residential mortgage servicers was settled in 2013 for approximately $8.5 billion. A portion of the funds from each settlement will be directed to homeowners seeking to avoid foreclosure through mortgage modifications, and servicers are required to adopt specified measures to reduce mortgage obligations in certain situations. It is expected that the settlements will help many homeowners avoid foreclosures that would otherwise have occurred in the near-term. It is also possible that other residential mortgage servicing companies will agree to similar settlements. These developments will reduce the number of homes in the process of foreclosure and decrease the supply of properties that meet our investment criteria. In addition, the U.S. Congress and numerous state legislatures have considered, proposed or adopted legislation to constrain foreclosures or may do so in the future. The Dodd-Frank Act also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which supervises and enforces federal consumer protection laws as they apply to banks, credit unions and other financial companies, including mortgage servicers. It remains uncertain as to whether any of these measures will have a significant impact on foreclosure volumes or what the timing of that impact would be. If foreclosure volumes were to decline significantly, we would expect REO inventory levels to decline or to grow at a slower pace, which would make it more difficult to find target assets at attractive prices and might constrain 17 Table of Contents our growth or reduce our long-term profitability. Also, the number of families seeking rental housing might be reduced by such legislation, reducing rental housing demand in our markets. Claims of deficiencies in the foreclosure process may result in rescission of our purchases at auction or reduce the supply of foreclosed properties available to us. Allegations of deficiencies in foreclosure practices could result in claims challenging the validity of some foreclosures that have occurred, potentially placing our claim of ownership to some of our properties at risk. We cannot be assured that our title insurance policies would provide protection in such instances or that such proceedings would not result in a complete dispossession of property from us without compensation. Each state has its own laws governing the procedures to foreclose on mortgages and deeds of trust, and state laws generally require strict compliance with these laws in both judicial and non-judicial foreclosures. Recently, courts and administrative agencies have been more actively involved in enforcing state laws governing foreclosures, and, in some circumstances, have imposed new rules and requirements regarding foreclosures. Some courts have delayed or prohibited foreclosures based on alleged failures to comply with proper transfers of title, notice, identification of parties in interest, documentation and other legal requirements. The increase in the number of foreclosures since 2007 has led legislatures in many states to consider modifications to foreclosure laws to restrict and reduce foreclosures. For example, in 2012, California enacted a law imposing new limitations on foreclosures while a request for a loan modification is pending. Further, foreclosed owners and their legal representatives, including some prominent and well-financed legal firms, have brought litigation questioning the validity and finality of foreclosures that have already occurred. These developments may reduce, or slow the rate of growth in, the supply of foreclosed homes available to us for purchase. They may also call into question the validity of our titles to homes acquired at foreclosure, or result in rescission rights or other borrower remedies, which could result in a loss of a property purchased by us that may not be covered by title insurance. This could result in an increase in litigation and property maintenance costs incurred with respect to properties obtained through foreclosure, or delays in stabilizing and leasing such properties promptly after acquisition. Single-family homes that are being sold through foreclosure or short-sales are subject to risks of theft, vandalism or other damage that could impair their value. When a single-family home is put into foreclosure, due to a default by the homeowner on mortgage obligations, or a homeowner seeks a short sale, due to the value of the property being substantially below the outstanding principal balance of the mortgage, it is possible that the homeowner may cease to maintain the property adequately, or that the property may be abandoned by the homeowner and become susceptible to theft or vandalism. Lack of maintenance, theft and vandalism can substantially impair the value of the property. If we purchase a large number of properties in foreclosure in bulk sales and are not able to inspect each property before closing or we are unable to rent the properties quickly after purchase and restoration, some of our properties could be impaired. We generally are not able to conduct a thorough inspection before purchasing properties at auction or in bulk sales. We have purchased and expect to continue to purchase properties at auction and in bulk sales. When we purchase properties in these manners, we generally do not have the opportunity to conduct interior inspections or conduct more than cursory exterior inspections on a portion of the properties. These inspection processes may fail to reveal major defects associated with such properties, which may cause the amount of time and expense required to restore such properties to substantially exceed our estimates. Properties acquired in bulk may subject us to a variety of risks. A substantial portion of our properties were, and we expect that a portion of any future property acquisitions will be, purchased as portfolios in bulk from other owners of single-family homes. To the extent the management and leasing of such properties has not been consistent with our property management and leasing standards, we may be subject to a variety of risks, including risks relating to the condition of the properties, the credit quality and employment stability of the tenants and compliance with applicable laws, among others. In addition, financial and other information provided to us regarding such portfolios during our due diligence may not be accurate, and we may not discover such inaccuracies until it is too late to seek remedies against such sellers. To the extent we timely pursue such remedies, we may not be able to successfully prevail against the seller in an action seeking damages for such inaccuracies. We incur significant costs in restoring our properties, and we may underestimate the costs or amount of time necessary to complete restorations. Before renting a home to a tenant, we typically coordinate an on-site review of the home to identify the scope of restoration to be completed. Beyond customary repairs, we often undertake improvements designed to optimize overall property appeal and increase the value of the property when such improvements can be done cost effectively. To the extent properties are occupied by existing tenants, restorations may be postponed until the tenant vacates the premises. 18 Table of Contents We expect that nearly all of our properties will require some level of restoration immediately upon their acquisition or in the future following expiration of a lease or change in tenant, and some restorations may be extensive. In addition, in order to reposition properties in the rental market, we will be required to make ongoing capital improvements and may need to perform significant restorations and repairs from time to time. We are exposed to the risks inherent in property restoration, including potential cost overruns, increases in labor and materials costs, delays by contractors in completing work, delays in the timing of receiving necessary work permits and certificates of occupancy and poor workmanship. If our assumptions regarding the cost or timing of restorations across our properties prove to be materially inaccurate, we will be adversely affected. The costs and amount of time necessary to secure possession and control of a newly acquired property may exceed our assumptions, which would delay our receipt of revenue from, and return on, the property. Upon acquiring a new property, we may have to evict occupants who are in unlawful possession before we can secure possession and control of the property. The holdover occupants may be the former owners or tenants of a property, or they may be squatters or others who are illegally in possession. Securing control and possession from these occupants can be both costly and time-consuming. If these costs and delays exceed our expectations, our financial performance may suffer because of the increased expenses incurred or the unexpected delays in turning the properties into revenue-producing rented homes. We depend on our tenants for a substantial majority of our revenues. We depend on tenants for a substantial portion of our revenues. Our operating results and cash available for distribution would be adversely affected if a significant number of our tenants were unable to meet their lease obligations or failed to renew their leases with us. Widespread layoffs and other adverse changes in the economic conditions in our markets could result in substantial tenant defaults or non-renewals. In the event of a tenant default or bankruptcy, we may experience delays in enforcing our rights as landlord at that property and may incur costs in protecting our investment and re-leasing the property. We may be unable to re-lease the property for the rent previously received. Through our preferred operators, we acquire portfolios of properties that are master leased to a third-party operator. Under these arrangements, the revenue we derive from these properties comes entirely from lease payments made by the third-party operator to us. If the third-party operator is unable to generate sufficient revenue from the operation of these properties to meet its obligations under the lease, including its obligation to pay rent to us, this could result in the reduction or elimination of revenue relating to a large number of our properties. A third-party operator’s ability to make lease payments to us would be adversely affected if a significant number of the occupants of the properties were unable to meet their obligations to the operator, which could make it difficult for the operator to meet its obligations to us. The occupants’ ability to meet their obligations to our third-party operator is affected by the same factors that affect our tenants’ ability to meet their obligations to us with respect to our self-managed portfolio, such as local economic and employment conditions. We may be unable to renew leases and our occupancy rate could decline. We cannot assure you that tenants will renew their leases with us. If the rental rates for our properties decrease or our tenants do not renew their leases, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, cash available for distribution, market price of our common stock and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations could be materially adversely affected. Some or all of our properties may become vacant either by a default of tenants under their leases or the expiration or termination of tenant leases. If vacancies continue for a long period of time, we may suffer reduced revenues resulting in less cash available for distribution. In addition, the resale value of the property could be reduced because the market value of a particular property may deteriorate if it remains unoccupied for an extended period of time. A significant number of our properties are part of HOAs, and we and our tenants are subject to the rules and regulations of such HOAs, which may be arbitrary or restrictive. Violations of such rules may subject us to additional fees, penalties and litigation with such HOAs, which would be costly. A significant number of our properties are located within HOAs, which are private entities that regulate the activities of owners and occupants of, and levy assessments on, properties in a residential subdivision. HOAs in which we own properties may have or may enact onerous or arbitrary rules that restrict our ability to restore, market or lease our properties or require us to restore or maintain such properties at standards or costs that are in excess of our planned budgets. Some HOAs impose limits on the number of property owners who may rent their homes, which, if met or exceeded, would cause us to incur additional costs to sell the property and opportunity costs of lost rental revenue. Furthermore, we may have tenants who violate HOA rules and for which we may be liable as the property owner. Additionally, the governing bodies of the HOAs in which we own property may not make important disclosures about the properties or may block our access to HOA records, initiate litigation, restrict our ability to sell our properties, impose assessments or arbitrarily change the HOA rules. We may be unaware of or unable to review or comply with HOA rules before purchasing a property, and any such excessively restrictive or arbitrary regulations may cause us to sell such property at a loss, prevent 19 Table of Contents us from renting such property or otherwise reduce our cash flow from such property, which would have an adverse effect on our returns on these properties. We are subject to tenant relief laws and may be subject to rent control laws, which will negatively impact our rental revenue. When we acquire distressed properties, we often will need to evict the occupant of the premises. Additionally, as an owner of many rental properties, we will regularly seek to evict tenants who are not paying their rent or are otherwise in material violation of the terms of their lease. Eviction activities result in additional legal costs and require our personnel’s time and attention. The eviction process is typically subject to numerous legal requirements and mandatory “cure” policies, which may increase our costs and delay our ability to gain possession of and stabilize a property. Additionally, state and local landlord-tenant laws may impose legal duties on us to assist tenants in relocating to new housing, or restrict our ability to recover certain costs or charge tenants for damage tenants cause to our property. Because such laws vary by state and locality, we need to be familiar with and take appropriate steps to comply with applicable landlord-tenant laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, and we need to incur supervisory and legal expenses to ensure such compliance. Furthermore, rent control laws may affect our rental revenue. Especially in times of recession and economic slowdown, rent control initiatives can receive significant political support. Were rent control to become applicable to certain of our properties, the effects on both our rental revenue and the value of such properties could be material and adverse. Class action, tenants’ rights and consumer rights litigation may result in increased expenses and harm our results. There are numerous tenants’ rights and consumer rights organizations that operate in our markets, and we may attract attention from some of these organizations and become a target of legal demands or litigation. Many such organizations have become more active and better funded in connection with mortgage foreclosure-related issues, and, with the large settlements identified above and the increased market for single-family rentals arising from former homeowners, some of these organizations may shift their litigation, lobbying, fundraising and grass roots organizing activities to focus on landlord-tenant issues. While we intend to conduct our business lawfully and in compliance with applicable landlord-tenant and consumer laws, such organizations might attempt to organize claims against us on a class action basis for damages or injunctive relief. We cannot anticipate what form such legal actions might take or what remedies they may seek. Additionally, these organizations may lobby local county and municipal attorneys or State Attorneys General to pursue enforcement or litigation against us or may lobby state and local legislatures to pass new laws and regulations to constrain our business operations. If they are successful in any such endeavors, they could limit our business operations and may impose on us significant litigation expenses, including settlements to avoid continued litigation or judgments for damages or injunctions. Poor tenant selection and defaults by our tenants may negatively affect our financial performance and reputation. Our success depends, in large part, upon our ability to attract and retain qualified tenants for our properties. This depends, in turn, upon our ability to screen applicants, identify good tenants and avoid tenants who may default. We may make mistakes in our selection of tenants, and we may rent to tenants whose default on our leases or failure to comply with the terms of the lease or HOA regulations negatively affect our financial performance, reputation and the quality and value of our properties. In addition, defaulting tenants will often be effectively judgment-proof. The process of evicting a defaulting tenant from a family residence can be adversarial, protracted and costly. Furthermore, some tenants facing eviction may damage or destroy the property. Damage to our properties may significantly delay re-leasing after eviction, necessitate expensive repairs or impair the rental revenue or value of the property, resulting in a lower than expected rate of return. In addition, we would incur turnover costs associated with re-leasing the properties, such as marketing expense and brokerage commissions, and would not collect revenue while the property is vacant. Although we will attempt to work with tenants to prevent such damage or destruction, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in all or most cases. Such tenants not only cause us not to achieve our financial objectives for the properties in which they live, but may subject us to liability, and may damage our reputation with our other tenants and in the communities where we do business. Title defects and eminent domain could lead to material losses on our investments. Although we have acquired, and currently intend to acquire in the future, title insurance on the majority of our residential properties when it is available, we will also acquire a number of our homes on an “as is” basis at auctions, without the benefit of title insurance at closing. Increased scrutiny of title matters, particularly in the case of foreclosures, could lead to legal challenges with respect to the validity of the sale. Challenges to title could result in the sale being rescinded, and we may be unable to recover our purchase price, resulting in a complete loss in the absence of title insurance. Title insurance obtained after we take title will exclude discoverable defects from coverage and therefore provide less protection to us. Although we endeavor to assess the state of title prior to purchase, there can be no assurance that our assessments will be completely effective, which could lead to a material, if not 20 Table of Contents complete loss, on our investment in such properties. In addition, even if we are able to acquire title insurance on a property, the title insurance provider may assert that we are not entitled to coverage under the policy and deny any claims we have thereunder. It is also possible that governmental authorities may exercise eminent domain to acquire land on which our properties are built in order to build roads or other infrastructure. Any such exercise of eminent domain would allow us to recover only the fair value of the affected properties. Our acquisition strategy is premised on the concept that this “fair value” will be substantially less than the real value of the property for a number of years, and we could effectively have no profit potential from properties acquired by the government through eminent domain. Several cities are also exploring proposals to use eminent domain to acquire mortgages to assist homeowners to remain in their homes, potentially reducing the supply of single-family homes for sale in our markets. The large supply of single-family homes becoming available for purchase as a result of the heavy volume of foreclosures, combined with historically low residential mortgage rates, may cause some potential renters to seek to purchase residences rather than lease them and, as a result, cause a decline in the number and quality of potential tenants. The large supply of foreclosed homes, along with the low residential mortgage interest rates currently available and government sponsored programs to promote home ownership, has made home ownership more affordable and more accessible for potential renters who have strong credit. The foregoing factors may encourage certain potential renters to purchase residences rather than lease them, thereby causing a decline in the number and quality of potential tenants available to us. Declining real estate values and impairment charges could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. We intend to review the carrying value of our long-lived assets (including our real estate properties) for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as adverse market conditions, indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable. If our evaluation indicates that we may be unable to recover the carrying value of a material portion of our real estate investments, an impairment loss will be recorded to the extent that the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the properties. These losses would have a direct impact on our net income, because recording an impairment loss results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. They would also be reflected as a decrease in assets on our balance sheet. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is highly subjective and is based in part on assumptions regarding future occupancy, rental rates and capital requirements that could differ materially from actual results in future periods. A deteriorating real estate market may cause us to reevaluate the assumptions used in our impairment analysis. Impairment charges could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash available for distribution and market price of our common stock. Risks Related to Short-Term Private Mortgage Financing The short-term private mortgage financings we provide are subject to risks of delinquency, default and loss. Mortgage loans are subject to risks of delinquency, default and loss. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured by residential property typically is dependent primarily upon the income or assets of the borrower. In addition, the ability or motivation of the borrower to repay its mortgage loan may be affected by, among other things: changes in zoning laws for the property or its surrounding area; the condition of the property and neighborhood; environmental contamination at the property; the occurrence of any uninsured casualty at the property; changes in national, regional or local economic conditions; declines in regional or local real estate values; increases in interest rates; real estate tax rates; changes in governmental rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including environmental legislation; acts of God; terrorism; social unrest; and civil disturbances. To the extent that the borrower purchased a property with the intent of rehabilitating and “flipping” the property to a third party, such borrower may not have adequate funds to complete the rehabilitation or otherwise may not be able to complete such rehabilitation prior to the maturity of the mortgage note. The inability to complete such improvements or an inability to sell the property to a third party upon completion of such rehabilitation may impair the borrower’s ability to repay the loan and may result in an event of default under such mortgage loan. In the event of a default under a mortgage loan held by us, we will bear a risk of loss of principal to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral that we can realize upon foreclosure and sale and the principal and accrued interest of the mortgage loan, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations and could limit the amount of cash available for distribution. In the event of the bankruptcy of a mortgage loan borrower, the mortgage loan to such borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of the underlying collateral at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure on a mortgage loan can be an expensive and lengthy process that can have a substantial negative effect on our originally anticipated return on the foreclosed mortgage loan. 21 Table of Contents We may be subject to losses due to fraudulent and negligent acts on the part of loan applicants, mortgage brokers, other vendors and our employees. With respect to our investments in mortgage loans, we rely upon information supplied by borrowers and other third parties, including financial and other information provided by the applicant in connection with our funding of the loan, property appraisal reports or valuations, title information and other appropriate documentation. If any of this information is misrepresented or falsified and if we do not discover it prior to funding a loan, the actual value of such loan may be significantly lower than anticipated. As a practical matter, we generally bear the risk of loss associated with a misrepresentation, whether it is made by the borrower, the mortgage broker, another third party or one of our employees. Although we may have rights against persons and entities who made or knew about the misrepresentation, those persons and entities may be difficult to locate, and it is often difficult to collect any monetary losses that we may have suffered. Our mortgage lending activities are subject to a body of complex laws and regulation at the federal, state and local levels. In connection with our mortgage lending activities, we are required to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, as well as judicial and administrative decisions, of all jurisdictions in which we fund mortgage loans, as well as an extensive body of federal laws, rules and regulations. The volume of new or modified laws, rules and regulations applicable to our business has increased in recent years. The laws, rules and regulations of each of these jurisdictions are different, complex and, in some cases, in direct conflict with each other. It may be more difficult to identify comprehensively, to interpret accurately, to program properly our information systems and to effectively train our personnel with respect to all of these laws, rules and regulations, thereby potentially increasing the risks of non-compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Our failure to comply with these laws, rules and regulations could prevent us from funding mortgage loans and could lead to civil and criminal liability, including potential monetary penalties, and negatively impact our ability to enforce loans or give borrowers the right to rescind or cancel loan transactions. Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry Generally Our performance and value are subject to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. The investment returns available from equity investments in real estate depend on the amount of income earned and capital appreciation generated by the properties, as well as the expenses incurred in connection with the properties. If our properties and any properties we acquire in the future do not generate income sufficient to meet operating expenses, including any debt service and capital expenditures, then our ability to make distributions to our stockholders could be adversely affected. In addition, there are significant expenditures associated with an investment in real estate (such as debt service (to the extent we borrow funds in the future), real estate taxes, HOA fees, insurance and maintenance costs) that generally do not decline when circumstances reduce the income from the property. Income from and the value of our properties may be adversely affected by the factors listed below, among others: • downturns in international, national, regional and local economic conditions (particularly increases in unemployment); • the attractiveness of the properties we acquire to potential tenants and competition from other properties; • changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in our markets; • bankruptcies, financial difficulties or lease defaults by our tenants; • inability to collect rent from tenants; • changes in interest rates, availability and terms of debt financing; • changes in operating costs and expenses; • changes in, or increased costs of compliance with, governmental laws, rules, regulations and fiscal policies, including changes in tax, real estate, environmental and zoning laws, and our potential liability thereunder; • political, regulatory or other factors including terrorism; • illiquidity of real estate investments generally; • tenants’ perceptions of the safety, convenience and attractiveness of our properties and the neighborhoods in which our properties are located; • ongoing needs for capital improvements, particularly in older properties; • our ability to provide adequate maintenance and obtain adequate insurance; • changes in the cost or availability of insurance, including coverage for mold or asbestos; 22 Table of Contents • environmental conditions or retained liabilities for such conditions; • unanticipated changes in costs associated with known adverse environmental conditions or retained liabilities for such conditions; • periods of high interest rates and tight money supply; • tenant turnover; • disruptions in the global supply chain; • the ability or unwillingness of tenants to pay rent increases; • civil unrest, acts of God, including earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods and other natural disasters, which may result in uninsured losses, and acts of war or terrorism, including the consequences of terrorist acts such as those that occurred on September 11, 2001; • rent control or rent stabilization or other housing laws, which could prevent us from raising rents; and • increases in property-level maintenance and operating expenses. For these and other reasons, we cannot assure you that we will be profitable or that we will realize growth in the value of our real estate properties. Uninsured or underinsured losses relating to real property may adversely affect our returns. We attempt to ensure that all of the properties we acquire are adequately insured to cover casualty losses. However, there are certain losses, including losses from floods, fires, earthquakes, acts of war, acts of terrorism or riots, that may not always be insured against or that are not generally fully insured against. In addition, changes in the cost or availability of insurance could expose us to uninsured casualty losses. In the event that any of the properties we acquire incurs a casualty loss that is not fully covered by insurance, the value of our assets will be reduced by the amount of any such uninsured loss, and we could experience a significant loss of capital invested and potential revenues in these properties and could potentially remain obligated under any recourse debt associated with the property. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors might also keep us from using insurance proceeds to replace or restore a property after it has been damaged or destroyed. Under those circumstances, the insurance proceeds we receive might be inadequate to restore our economic position on the damaged or destroyed property. Any such losses could adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock. In addition, we may have no source of funding to repair or reconstruct the damaged property, and we cannot assure you that any such sources of funding will be available to us for such purposes in the future. Contingent or unknown liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition. Our acquisition activities are subject to many risks. We may acquire properties that are subject to unknown or contingent liabilities, including liabilities for or with respect to liens attached to properties, unpaid real estate taxes, utilities or HOA charges for which a prior owner should be liable, clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions or code violations, claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the acquired properties and tax liabilities, among other things. In each case, our acquisition may be without any, or with only limited, recourse with respect to unknown or contingent liabilities or conditions. As a result, if any such liability were to arise relating to our properties, or if any adverse condition exists with respect to our properties that is in excess of our insurance coverage, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or cure it, which could adversely affect us. The properties we acquire may also be subject to covenants, conditions or restrictions that restrict the use or ownership of such properties, including prohibitions on leasing or requirements to obtain the approval of HOAs prior to leasing. We may not discover such restrictions during the acquisition process and such restrictions may adversely affect our ability to operate such properties as we intend. In addition, purchases of single-family homes acquired at auction, in short sales, from lenders or in bulk purchases typically involve few or no representations or warranties with respect to the properties and may allow us limited or no recourse against the sellers of such properties. Such properties also often have unpaid tax, utility and HOA liabilities for which we may be obligated but fail to anticipate. Environmentally hazardous conditions may adversely affect our operating results. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the cost of removing or remediating hazardous or toxic substances on such property. Such laws often impose liability whether or not the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such hazardous or toxic substances. Even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by applicable environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. In addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages based 23 Table of Contents on personal injury, natural resources or property damage or other costs, including investigation and clean-up costs, resulting from the environmental contamination. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances on one of our properties, or the failure to properly remediate a contaminated property, could give rise to a lien in favor of the government for costs it may incur to address the contamination or otherwise adversely affect our ability to sell or lease the property or borrow using the property as collateral. Environmental laws also may impose restrictions on the manner in which property may be used or businesses may be operated. A property owner who violates environmental laws may be subject to sanctions which may be enforced by governmental agencies or, in certain circumstances, private parties. In connection with the acquisition and ownership of our properties, we may be exposed to such costs. The cost of defending against environmental claims, of compliance with environmental regulatory requirements or of remediating any contaminated property could materially and adversely affect us. Compliance with new or more stringent environmental laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require material expenditures by us. We may be subject to environmental laws or regulations relating to our properties, such as those concerning lead-based paint, mold, asbestos, proximity to power lines or other issues. We cannot assure you that future laws, ordinances or regulations will not impose any material environmental liability or that the current environmental condition of our properties will not be affected by the activities of tenants, existing conditions of the land, operations in the vicinity of the properties or the activities of unrelated third parties. In addition, there are various local, state and federal fire, health, life-safety and similar regulations that we may be required to comply with. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in fines and/or damages, suspension of personnel, civil liability and/or other sanctions. We may obtain only limited warranties when we purchase a property and would have only limited recourse in the event our due diligence did not identify any issues that lower the value of our property. The seller of a property often sells such property in its “as is” condition on a “where is” basis and “with all faults” without any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular use or purpose. In addition, purchase and sale agreements may contain only limited warranties, representations and indemnifications that will only survive for a limited period after the closing. The purchase of properties with limited warranties increases the risk that we may lose some or all of our invested capital in the property, as well as the loss of rental revenue from that property. We may have difficulty selling real estate investments, and our ability to distribute all or a portion of the net proceeds from such sales to our stockholders may be limited. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and, as a result, we may have a limited ability to sell our properties should the need arise. When we sell our properties, we may not realize gains on such sales. We may elect not to distribute any proceeds from the sales of properties to our stockholders. Our ability to sell our properties may also be limited by our need to avoid the 100% prohibited transactions tax that is imposed on gain recognized by a REIT from the sale of property characterized as dealer property. In order to ensure that we avoid such characterization, we may be required to hold our properties for a minimum period of time and comply with certain other requirements in the Code or dispose of our properties through our TRS, which is subject to federal and state income taxation as a corporation. Our real properties are subject to property taxes that may increase in the future, which could adversely affect us. Our real properties are subject to real and personal property taxes that may increase as tax rates change and as the real properties are assessed or reassessed by taxing authorities. Our leases with preferred operators provide that property taxes are the responsibility of the preferred operators, while our leases for our self-managed properties provide that we are responsible for such taxes. In any case, as the owner of the properties, we are ultimately responsible for payment of the taxes to the applicable government authorities. If real property taxes increase, our expenses will increase. Moreover, if our preferred operators do not pay real estate taxes pursuant to the terms of their leases with us, we will be responsible for such taxes. If we fail to pay any such taxes, the applicable taxing authority may place a lien on the real property and the real property may be subject to a tax sale. Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes have duties to Phoenix Fund which may create conflicts of interest, and these conflicts may not be resolved in our favor, which could adversely affect us. Each of Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes owns a 50% interest in the general partner of Phoenix Fund. They also jointly own ARM, the former property manager of Phoenix Fund, which holds the 175,000 Operating Partnership, or OP, units that our Operating Partnership issued in connection with our acquisition of the ARM assets upon completion of our initial private offering and formation transactions in May 2012. They may have conflicting duties because they have a duty to both us and to the limited partners of Phoenix Fund (which will retain ownership of its properties and continue as a private fund until liquidated). Upon completion of our formation transactions in May 2012, Phoenix Fund agreed not to commit to purchase any additional single-family homes and, as a result, Phoenix Fund is not expected to compete with us for investments in single-family homes in our markets. However, some of Phoenix 24 Table of Contents Fund’s properties may compete with our properties, including with respect to tenants. Our TRS is party to a management agreement with Phoenix Fund, pursuant to which it provides services, including, among other things, leasing management services, to Phoenix Fund for a fee in an amount equal to 6.0% of Phoenix Fund’s gross rental revenue. It is possible that the duties owed by Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes to the limited partners of Phoenix Fund may conflict with the duties they owe to us. In addition, Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes are required to spend a portion of their working time attending to the obligations of the general partner of Phoenix Fund, which may detract from the amount of time and attention they are able to devote to us. Finally, Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes are entitled to receive certain compensation from Phoenix Fund in the event of a sale of the assets of Phoenix Fund, which could create incentives for them that are in conflict with our interests, particularly if we have an interest in buying those assets. Our fiduciary duties to the limited partners of our operating partnership could create conflicts of interest, which may impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. We, through our wholly owned subsidiary that serves as the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership, have a fiduciary duty to the other limited partners in our Operating Partnership, the discharge of which may conflict with the interests of our stockholders. The limited partners of our Operating Partnership (other than us) are Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes, as well as other members of our management and our Board of Directors who have received LTIP units. The limited partners of our Operating Partnership have agreed that, in the event of a conflict between the duties owed by us to our stockholders and to such limited partners, we are under no obligation to give priority to the interests of such limited partners. In addition, Mr. Schmitz and Ms. Hawkes, as well as any other limited partners (other than us), have and will have the right to vote on certain amendments to the partnership agreement and to approve certain amendments that would adversely affect their rights. These voting rights may be exercised in a manner that conflicts with the interests of our stockholders. We may also experience conflicts of interest with several members of our senior management team who are or may become limited partners in our Operating Partnership through the receipt of LTIP units granted under our equity incentive plan. Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure Provisions of our charter may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of us by authorizing our Board of Directors to issue additional securities. Our Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval, amend our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of our shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have the authority to issue and to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common or preferred stock, and set the preferences, rights and other terms of the classified or reclassified shares. As a result, our Board of Directors may authorize the issuance of additional shares or establish a series of common or preferred stock that may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company, including transactions at a premium over the market price of our shares, even if stockholders believe that a change in control is in their interest. These provisions, along with the restrictions on ownership and transfer contained in our charter and certain provisions of Maryland law described below, could discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or make it more difficult for a third party to gain control of us, which could adversely affect the market price of our securities. Provisions of Maryland law may limit the ability of a third party to acquire control of us by requiring our Board of Directors or stockholders to approve proposals to acquire our company or effect a change in control. Certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, or MGCL, applicable to Maryland corporations may have the effect of inhibiting a third party from making a proposal to acquire us or of impeding a change in control under circumstances that otherwise could provide our stockholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of their shares, including: • “business combination” provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an “interested stockholder” (defined generally as any person (other than us or any subsidiary) who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of our outstanding voting stock after the date on which we first had 100 or more beneficial owners of our stock, or an affiliate or associate of us who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of our then outstanding stock after the date on which we first had 100 or more beneficial owners of our stock) or an affiliate of any interested stockholder for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder, and, thereafter, any such business combination between us and an interested stockholder generally must be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least (1) 80% of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our outstanding voting stock and (2) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our outstanding voting stock other than shares held by the interested stockholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination 25 Table of Contents is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder, unless, among other conditions, our stockholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares; and • “control shares” provisions provide that holders of our “control shares” (defined as shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock owned by the acquirer or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of three ranges) acquired in a “control share acquisition” have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by our stockholders entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, excluding votes cast by (1) the person who makes or proposes to make a control share acquisition, (2) an officer or (3) an employee of us who is also a director of the corporation. By resolution of our Board of Directors, we have opted out of the business combination provisions of the MGCL and provided that (1) any business combination between us and any other person is exempt from the business combination provisions of the MGCL, and (2) such business combination is first approved by our Board of Directors (including a majority of directors who are not affiliates or associates of such persons). In addition, pursuant to a provision in our bylaws, we have opted out of the control share provisions of the MGCL. However, our Board of Directors may by resolution elect to opt in to the business combination provisions of the MGCL, and we may, by amendment to our bylaws, opt in to the control share provisions of the MGCL at any time in the future, whether before or after an acquisition of control shares. Certain provisions of the MGCL permit our Board of Directors, without stockholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in our charter or bylaws, to implement certain corporate governance provisions, some of which (for example, a classified board) are not currently applicable to us. These provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an unsolicited acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us under circumstances that otherwise could be in the best interests of our stockholders. Our charter contains a provision whereby we elect, at such time as we become eligible to do so, which occurred upon completion of the IPO, to be subject to the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on our Board of Directors. Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited, which could limit your recourse in the event of actions not in your best interests. Under Maryland law, generally, a director will not be liable if he or she performs his or her duties in good faith, in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in our best interests and with the care that an ordinarily prudent person in a like position would use under similar circumstances. In addition, our charter limits the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages, except for liability resulting from: • actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services; or • active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Our charter and bylaws provide for indemnification of our directors and officers for actions taken by them in those capacities to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Our bylaws require us to indemnify each director and officer, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, in the defense of any proceeding to which he or she is made, or threatened to be made, a party by reason of his or her service to us. In addition, we may be obligated to advance the defense costs incurred by our directors and officers pursuant to indemnification agreements between us and the director or officer. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against our directors and officers than might otherwise exist absent the current provisions in our charter and bylaws or that might exist with other companies. Our charter contains provisions that make removal of our directors difficult, and the employment agreements we have with some of our executives contain severance provisions that make termination of their employment under certain circumstances expensive for us, which could make it difficult for our stockholders to effect changes to our Board of Directors and our management. Our charter provides that a director may be removed only for cause (as defined in our charter) and then only by the affirmative vote of holders of shares entitled to cast at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of directors. Our charter also provides that vacancies on our Board of Directors may be filled only by a majority of the remaining directors in office, even if less than a quorum. These requirements prevent stockholders from removing directors except for cause and with a substantial affirmative vote and from replacing directors with their own nominees and may prevent a change in control of our company that is in the best interests of our stockholders. 26 Table of Contents We have entered into employment agreements with several of our executive officers containing severance provisions that could make it difficult and costly for us to terminate their employment. The ability of our Board of Directors to change our major policies without the consent of stockholders may not be in your interest. Our Board of Directors determines our major policies, including policies and guidelines relating to our acquisitions, leverage, financing, growth, operations and distributions to stockholders. Our Board of Directors may amend or revise these and other policies and guidelines from time to time without the vote or consent of our stockholders. Accordingly, our stockholders will have limited control over changes in our policies and those changes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. We may structure acquisitions of property in exchange for OP units on terms that could limit our liquidity or our flexibility. We may acquire properties by issuing OP units in exchange for a property owner contributing property to the Operating Partnership. If we enter into such transactions, in order to induce the contributors of such properties to accept OP units, rather than cash, in exchange for their properties, it may be necessary for us to provide them additional incentives. For instance, our Operating Partnership’s limited partnership agreement provides that any holder of OP units may exchange OP units for cash equal to the value of an equivalent number of shares of our common stock or, at our option, for shares of our common stock on a one-for-one basis. We may, however, enter into additional contractual arrangements with contributors of property under which we would agree to repurchase a contributor’s OP units for shares of our common stock or cash, at the option of the contributor, at set times. If the contributor required us to repurchase OP units for cash pursuant to such a provision, it would limit our liquidity and thus our ability to use cash to make other investments, satisfy other obligations or make distributions to stockholders. Moreover, if we were required to repurchase OP units for cash at a time when we did not have sufficient cash to fund the repurchase, we might be required to sell one or more properties to raise funds to satisfy this obligation. Furthermore, we might agree that if distributions the contributor received as a limited partner in our Operating Partnership did not provide the contributor with a defined return, then upon redemption of the contributor’s OP units we would pay the contributor an additional amount necessary to achieve that return. Such a provision could further negatively impact our liquidity and flexibility. Finally, in order to allow a contributor of a property to defer taxable gain on the contribution of property to our Operating Partnership, we might agree not to sell a contributed property for a defined period of time or until the contributor exchanged the contributor’s OP units for cash or shares. Such an agreement would prevent us from selling those properties, even if market conditions made such a sale favorable to us. Risks Related to Qualification and Operation as a REIT Failure to remain qualified as a REIT would cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for distribution to our stockholders. We have limited operating history as a publicly traded REIT. The REIT rules and regulations are highly technical and complex. We cannot assure you our management team's experience will be sufficient to continue to successfully operate our company as a publicly traded REIT. We believe that our organization and proposed method of operation has enabled us to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT commencing with our short taxable year ended December 31, 2012. However, we cannot assure you that we remain qualified as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for distribution to our stockholders because: • we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; • we could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and • unless we are entitled to relief under certain federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will no longer be required to make distributions. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and it would adversely affect the market price of our stock. Even if we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flows. Even if we continue to qualify for taxation as a REIT, we may be subject to certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure and state or local income, property and transfer taxes. In addition, we could, in certain circumstances, be required to pay an excise or 27 Table of Contents penalty tax (which could be significant in amount) in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Code to maintain our qualification as a REIT. In addition, in order to meet the REIT qualification requirements, or to avert the imposition of a 100% tax that applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from dealer property or inventory, we may hold and/or dispose of some of our assets through our TRS or other subsidiary corporations that are subject to regular corporate federal, state and local taxes. Failure to make required distributions would subject us to federal corporate income tax. We intend to continue to operate in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. In order to qualify as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain, each year to our stockholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the Code. The prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to dispose of our properties. A REIT’s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property other than foreclosure property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We may be subject to the prohibited transactions tax in an amount equal to 100% of net gain upon a disposition of real property. Although a safe harbor to the characterization of the sale of real property by a REIT as a prohibited transaction is available, we cannot assure you that we can comply with the safe harbor or that we will avoid owning property that may be characterized as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Consequently, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of our properties or may conduct such sales through our TRS, which would be subject to federal and state income taxation as a corporation. For example, if we decide to acquire properties opportunistically to restore in anticipation of immediate resale, we will need to conduct that activity through our TRS to avoid the 100% prohibited transactions tax. No assurance can be given, however, that the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, will respect the transaction by which any such properties are contributed to our TRS, and, even if the contribution transaction is respected, our TRS may incur a significant tax liability as a result of any such sales. We may pay taxable dividends of cash and our stock, in which case stockholders may sell shares of our stock to pay tax on such dividends, placing downward pressure on the market price of our stock. We may distribute taxable dividends that are payable in cash and our stock at the election of each stockholder. The IRS has issued private letter rulings to other REITs treating certain distributions that are paid partly in cash and partly in stock as taxable dividends that would satisfy the REIT annual distribution requirement and qualify for the dividends paid deduction for federal income tax purposes. Those rulings may be relied upon only by taxpayers to whom they were issued, but we could request a similar ruling from the IRS. In addition, the IRS previously issued a revenue procedure establishing a temporary safe harbor that authorized publicly traded REITs to make elective cash/stock dividends, but that temporary safe harbor has expired. Accordingly, it is unclear whether and to what extent we will be able to make taxable dividends payable in cash and our stock. If we made a taxable dividend payable in cash and our stock, taxable stockholders receiving such dividends will be required to include the full amount of the dividend as ordinary income to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, as determined for federal income tax purposes. As a result, stockholders may be required to pay income tax with respect to such dividends in excess of the cash dividends received. If a U.S. stockholder sells our stock that it receives as a dividend in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the dividend, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale. Furthermore, with respect to certain non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold federal income tax with respect to such dividends, including in respect of all or a portion of such dividend that is payable in stock. If we made a taxable dividend payable in cash and our stock and a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on dividends, it may be viewed as economically equivalent to a dividend reduction and put downward pressure on the market price of our stock. We do not currently intend to pay taxable dividends in the form of our stock and cash, although we may choose to do so in the future. Our ownership of our TRS is subject to limitations, and our transactions with our TRS will cause us to be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if those transactions are not conducted on arm’s-length terms. Overall, no more than 25% of the value of a REIT’s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries. In addition, the Code limits the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a taxable REIT subsidiary to its parent REIT to assure that the taxable REIT subsidiary is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation. The Code also imposes a 100% excise tax on REITs for certain transactions between a taxable REIT subsidiary and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm’s-length basis. Furthermore, we monitor the value of our respective investments in our TRS for the purpose of ensuring compliance with taxable REIT subsidiary ownership limitations and structure our transactions with our TRS on terms that we believe are arm’s length to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the 25% REIT subsidiaries limitation or to avoid application of the 100% excise tax. 28 Table of Contents You may be restricted from acquiring or transferring certain amounts of our stock. The stock ownership restrictions of the Code for REITs and the 9.8% stock ownership limit in our charter may inhibit market activity in our capital stock and restrict our business combination opportunities. In order to qualify as a REIT for each taxable year, five or fewer individuals, as defined in the Code, may not own, beneficially or constructively, more than 50% in value of our issued and outstanding stock at any time during the last half of a taxable year. Attribution rules in the Code determine if any individual or entity beneficially or constructively owns our capital stock under this requirement. Additionally, at least 100 persons must beneficially own our capital stock during at least 335 days of a taxable year for each taxable year. To help insure that we meet these tests, our charter restricts the acquisition and ownership of shares of our capital stock. Our charter, with certain exceptions, authorizes our directors to take such actions as are necessary and desirable to preserve our qualification as a REIT. Unless exempted by our Board of Directors, our charter prohibits any person from beneficially or constructively owning more than 9.8% in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. Our Board of Directors may not grant an exemption from these restrictions to any proposed transferee whose ownership in excess of 9.8% of the value of outstanding shares of our capital stock would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. These restrictions on ownership and transfer will not apply, however, if our Board of Directors determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT or that compliance with the restrictions is no longer necessary in order for us to qualify as a REIT. Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities. To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts that we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our capital stock. We may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution and may be unable to pursue investments that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the source-of-income or asset-diversification requirements for qualifying as a REIT. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments. Dividends payable by REITs do not qualify for the reduced tax rates available for some dividends. The maximum tax rate applicable to “qualified dividend income” payable to U.S. stockholders that are taxed at individual rates is 20%. Dividends payable by REITs, however, generally are not eligible for the reduced rates on qualified dividend income. The more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are taxed at individual rates to perceive investments in REITs to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-REIT corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of REITs, including our stock. We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the market price of our stock. At any time, the federal income tax laws governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective, and any such law, regulation, or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our stockholders could be adversely affected by any such change in the federal income tax laws, regulations or administrative interpretations. 29 Table of Contents 