 – “Our growth depends on our ability to timely develop and successfully market new pharmaceutical products.” Mergers and Acquisitions. We actively seek to expand and enhance our business through strategic acquisitions. We seek to acquire businesses assets and products that we believe complement our existing business and provide us opportunities for growth and synergies. Below is a summary of our recent strategic acquisitions of companies and businesses. See Item 1A – “Risk Factors” for a description of risks that accompany our acquisition strategy. Excelvision AG : On July 22, 2014, our Luxembourg subsidiary, Akorn International S.à r.l., entered into a share purchase agreement with Fareva SA, to acquire all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Excelvision AG, a Swiss Company (“Excelvision”) for 21.7 million Swiss Francs (“CHF”), net of certain working capital amounts. Excelvision is a contract manufacturer located in Hettlingen, Switzerland specializing in ophthalmic products. The acquisition was completed on January 2, 2015 upon payment of the previously-agreed to consideration, which equated to $25.9 million U.S. dollars, and was funded through available cash on hand. The consideration remains subject to a net working capital adjustment payable by the Company. The acquisition is intended to expand the Company’s manufacturing capacity. VPI Holdings Corp. Inc. Acquisition : On August 12, 2014, the Company completed an acquisition of VersaPharm Incorporated, a Georgia corporation (“VersaPharm”) for a total purchase price of approximately $433.0 million (the “VersaPharm Acquisition”), subject to net working capital adjustment. On May 9, 2014, the Company had entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “VP Merger Agreement”) to acquire VPI Holdings Corp. (“VPI”), the parent company of VersaPharm. 5 In connection with Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) approval of the VersaPharm Acquisition, the Company entered into an agreement (the “Rifampin Divestment Agreement”) with Watson Laboratories, Inc. (“Watson”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Actavis plc, to divest certain rights and assets to the Company’s Rifampin injectable product, as further described below in Note 16 – “Business Combinations, Dispositions and Other Strategic Investments.” Under the terms of the disposition the Company received $1.0 million for the pending product rights and recorded a gain of $0.8 million in Other non-operating income, net in the year ended December 31, 2014 related to the divestment . VersaPharm is a developer and marketer of multi-source prescription pharmaceuticals. VersaPharm markets its products to drug wholesalers, retail drug chains, pharmaceutical distributors, GPOs, hospitals, clinics and government agencies. The VersaPharm Acquisition complements and expands the Company’s product portfolio by diversifying its offering to niche dermatology markets. VersaPharm’s product portfolio, pipeline and development capabilities are complimentary to the Hi-Tech Pharmacal Co., Inc. (“HiTech”) acquisition, described below. Through which the Company acquired manufacturing capabilities needed for many of VersaPharm’s current and pipeline products. The VersaPharm Acquisition also enhances the Company’s new product pipeline as VersaPharm has significant R&D experience and knowledge and numerous in-process research and development (“IPR&D”) products are under active development. The VersaPharm Acquisition was principally funded through a $445.0 million term loan with certain other lenders with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. acting as the administrative agent (the “Incremental Term Loan”) entered into concurrent with completing the acquisition, and through available Company cash. Hi-Tech Pharmacal Co., Inc., Acquisition : On April 17, 2014, the Company completed its acquisition of Hi-Tech for a total purchase price of approximately $650.0 million (the “Hi-Tech Acquisition”). The acquisition was approved by the shareholders of Hi-Tech on December 19, 2013, and was approved by the FTC on April 11, 2014 following review pursuant to provisions of Hart-Scott Rodino Act (“HSR”). In connection with the Hi-Tech Acquisition, the Company entered into an agreement (the “Divestment Agreement”) with Watson Laboratories, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Actavis plc, to divest certain rights and assets, as further described below in Note 16, Business Combinations, Dispositions and Other Strategic Investments . Hi-Tech is a specialty pharmaceutical company which develops, manufactures and markets generic and branded prescription and OTC products. Hi-Tech specializes in difficult to manufacture liquid and semi-solid dosage forms and produces and markets a range of oral solutions and suspensions, as well as topical ointments and creams, nasal sprays, otics, sterile ophthalmics and sterile ointment and gel products. Hi-Tech’s Health Care Products division is a developer and marketer of OTC products, and their ECR Pharmaceuticals subsidiary (“ECR”) markets branded prescription products, which was divested during the year ended December 31, 2014. Hi-Tech operates a manufacturing facility and corporate offices in Amityville, New York, and ECR maintains its corporate offices in Richmond, Virginia. The Hi-Tech Acquisition complements and expands the Company’s product portfolio by diversifying its offerings to its retail customers beyond ophthalmics to other niche dosage forms such as oral liquids, topical creams and ointments, nasal sprays and otics. The Hi-Tech Acquisition is also expected to enhance the Company’s new product pipeline. Further, the Hi-Tech Acquisition adds branded OTC products in the categories of cough and cold, nasals, and topicals to the Company’s TheraTears ® brand of eye care products, and provides additional domestic manufacturing capacity for the Company. The Hi-Tech Acquisition was principally funded through a $600.0 million term loan entered into concurrent with the completion of the acquisition, and through Hi-Tech cash assumed through the acquisition. Kilitch Acquisition : On February 28, 2012, we acquired selected assets of Kilitch Drugs (India) Limited (“Kilitch”) pursuant to a Business Transfer Agreement (“BTA”) between our subsidiary, Akorn India Private Limited and Kilitch signed on October 6, 2011 (the “Kilitch Acquisition”). We paid approximately $60.1 million in cash at closing, which included consideration of $55.2 million and acquisition-related costs of $4.9 million. The primary assets acquired were Kilitch’s pharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Paonta Sahib, Himachal Pradesh, India and its ongoing contract manufacturing business. We also acquired pursuant to the BTA selected assets of NBZ Pharma Limited, a company affiliated with Kilitch, from which we acquired the rights to manufacture and distribute certain pharmaceuticals products. The Paonta Sahib facility currently manufactures pharmaceutical products primarily for contract customers in India and for export to unregulated markets. Pursuant to the BTA we are working actively toward gaining FDA approval to manufacture certain of our product at the Paonta Sahib facility for export to the U.S. See Item 1A. Risk Factors — “Failure to obtain regulatory certification of our manufacturing facility in India for production of pharmaceutical products for export to the United States, as well as other regulated world markets, could impair our ability to grow and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations” and “Risk Factor - Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results” for more information. 6 Business Development . In addition to our acquisitions of companies, we also maintain a business development program that identifies potential product acquisition or product licensing opportunities. We have strategically focused our business development efforts on products that complement our existing product lines and which are expected to have few competitors. Below is a summary of our recent product acquisition or licensing transactions. See Item 1A—“Risk Factors” for a description of risks that accompany our business development strategy. Lloyd Products Acquisition : On October 2, 2014, Akorn Animal Health, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a definitive product acquisition agreement with Lloyd, Inc., to acquire certain rights and inventory related to a suite of animal health injectable products (the “Lloyd Products”) used in pain management and anesthesia. The Company acquired the products for $16.1 million, funded through available cash paid at closing, and a contingent payment of $2.0 million, which becomes payable upon FDA approval of a supplement related to one of the acquired products. The purpose of the Lloyd Products acquisition is to expand the Company’s animal health product portfolio. Xopenex Product Acquisition : On October 1, 2014, the Company entered into a definitive product acquisition agreement with Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc., to acquire certain rights and inventory related to the branded product, Xopenex ® Inhalation Solution (levalbuterol hydrochloride) (the “Xopenex Product”). The purchase price for the acquisition was $45.0 million, funded through available cash paid at closing, net of certain liabilities for product return reserves, rebates, and chargeback reserves, which were assumed by Oak Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Oak”), a subsidiary of Akorn, subject to a cap. The total cash paid at closing was $41.5 million Xopenex ® is indicated for the treatment or prevention of bronchospasm in adults, adolescents, and children 6 years of age and older with reversible obstructive airway disease. The purpose of the Xopenex Acquisition is to expand the Company’s product portfolio of prescription pharmaceuticals. Zioptan Product Acquisition : On April 1, 2014, the Company acquired from Merck, Sharp and Dohme Corp. (“Merck”) the U.S. NDA rights to Zioptan ® , a prescription ophthalmic eye drop indicated for reducing elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension, from Merck, Sharp and Dohme Corp. (“Merck”). The total consideration at closing was $11.2 million. The purpose of the acquisition is to expand the Company’s product portfolio of branded prescription pharmaceuticals indicated for ophthalmology. In connection with the acquisition, the Company entered into a master supply agreement with Merck whereby Merck will continue manufacturing Zioptan ® for a transitional period. Betimol Product Acquisition : On January 2, 2014, the Company acquired the NDA rights to Betimol ® , a prescription ophthalmic eye drop for the reduction of eye pressure in glaucoma patients, from Santen Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., (“Santen”). The purpose of the Betimol Acquisition is to expand the Company’s product portfolio of branded prescription pharmaceuticals indicated for ophthalmology. The total consideration will be equal to 1.5 times the Company’s net sales of Betimol ® in the first year following the acquisition. The Company paid a non-refundable amount of $7.5 million upon completing the acquisition and will pay any remaining amount 60 days following the first year post-acquisition. There is also a provision for a $2.0 million increase to the total consideration should net sales of Betimol ® exceed a sizable threshold in any one of the first five years following the acquisition. Upon completing the Betimol Acquisition, the Company entered into a supply agreement with Santen whereby Santen will continue manufacturing Betimol ® for a transitional period. 7 Merck Products Acquisition: On November 15, 2013, we acquired three ophthalmic products from Merck for $52.8 million in cash (the “Merck Products Acquisition”). The products acquired were: · AzaSite ® – (azithromycin ophthalmic solution), a prescription sterile eye drop solution used to treat bacterial conjunctivitis, · Cosopt ® – (dorzolamide hydrochloride and timolol maleate ophthalmic solution), a prescription sterile eye drop solution that is used to lower the pressure in the eye (intraocular pressure) in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension; and · Cosopt ® PF – a preservative-free prescription version of Cosopt ® , supplied in sterile, single-use containers. This acquisition expanded our line of prescription ophthalmic products to include additional branded products, and is expected to provide a platform to support future acquisitions and in-licensing of branded pharmaceuticals. Upon entering into the product acquisition agreement, we entered into supply agreements with Merck and a third party to ensure continued supply of the three products. The Merck Products Acquisition included our acquisition of a Merck subsidiary corporation, Inspire Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Inspire”), which was and continues to be the holder of the product rights to AzaSite ® . Lundbeck Products Acquisition: On December 22, 2011, we acquired three NDAs from H. Lundbeck A/S (“Lundbeck”), a Denmark Corporation. On the date of closing of this acquisition (the “Lundbeck Acquisition”), we made an initial payment of $45.0 million and owed a subsequent milestone payment of $15.0 million in cash on the third anniversary of the closing date, which was paid in 2014. The acquired portfolio consists of Nembutal ®, a Schedule II controlled drug, Diuril ® and Cogentin ®. In addition, we paid approximately $4.6 million for Lundbeck’s existing inventory of the three acquired products. This acquisition provided us with three branded, hospital injectables to add to our portfolio. Patents, Trademarks and Proprietary Rights. We consider the protection of our patents, trademarks and proprietary rights important to maintaining and growing our business. Through our acquisitions, we have increased the number and importance of trademarks related to our products and product lines. Through acquisitions, we also acquired rights to the trade names for the branded, prescription ophthalmic products AzaSite ® , Betimol ® , Cosopt ® PF, and Zioptan ® , respiratory product Xopenex ® , as well as OTC eye care product TheraTears ® . We are committed to maintaining and defending these trade names as they are important in supporting the success and growth of this business. In addition, we maintain and defend trademarks related to a number of internally-developed products, as well as others licensed from third parties. We have sought, and intend to continue to seek, patent protection in the United States and selected foreign countries where deemed appropriate and advantageous to us. The importance of these patents does not vary among our business segments. We currently have eleven patents, none of which expire within the next three years. We also rely upon trade secrets, unpatented proprietary know-how and continuing technological innovation to maintain and develop our competitive position. We enter into confidentiality agreements with certain of our employees pursuant to which such employees agree to assign to us any inventions relating to our business made by them while in our employ. However, there can be no assurance that others may not acquire or independently develop similar technology or, if patents are not issued with respect to products arising from research, that we will be able to maintain information pertinent to such research as proprietary technology or trade secrets. See Item 1A. “Risk Factors —Our patents and proprietary rights may not adequately protect our products and processes” and “Third parties may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights and may prevent or delay us from manufacturing and selling some of our new products” for more information. Employee Relations. As of December 31, 2014, we had 1,277 permanent, full-time employees and 21 part-time or temporary employees in the United States and 367 permanent and 216 contract or temporary employees working for our subsidiary in India. Of our full-time employees working in the U.S., 427 worked at our manufacturing facilities in Decatur, Illinois, 167 worked at our manufacturing facility in Somerset, New Jersey, 346 worked at our manufacturing facility in Amityville, New York, 55 were field-based salespersons, 13 were inside salespersons, 52 worked at our R&D facility in Vernon Hills, Illinois, 26 worked at our R&D facility in Warminster, Pennsylvania, 29 worked at R&D facilities acquired through the Hi-Tech acquisition, principally in Copiague, New York, and the remaining 162 worked in corporate support functions, including 124 at our principal corporate office in Lake Forest, Illinois, 13 in our other corporate office at Ann Arbor, Michigan, and 25 at our distribution facility in Gurnee, Illinois. We believe we have good relations with our employees. None of our employees are represented by a collective bargaining agreement. 8 Competition. The marketing and manufacturing of pharmaceutical products is highly competitive, with many established manufacturers, suppliers and distributors actively engaged in all phases of the business. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources, including greater sales volume, larger sales forces and greater manufacturing capacity. See Item 1A. Risk Factors — “Our industry is very competitive. Additionally, changes in technology could render our products obsolete” for more information. The companies that compete with our Prescription Pharmaceuticals segment include Actavis plc., Apotex Inc., Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Fresenius Kabi AG, Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc., Hospira Inc., Novartis International AG, Perrigo Company plc., Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., Teva Pharmaceutical industries Ltd., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc., among others. The Prescription Pharmaceuticals segment competes primarily on the basis of price and service. The companies that compete with our Consumer Health segment include both generic and name brand companies such as Actavis plc., Johnson & Johnson, Perrigo Company plc., Pfizer Inc., and Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc., among others. The Consumer Health segment competes primarily on the basis of price and service. Suppliers and Customers. We require a supply of quality raw materials and components to manufacture and package pharmaceutical products for ourselves and for the third parties with which we have contracted. The principal components of our products are active and inactive pharmaceutical ingredients and certain packaging materials. Many of these components are available from only a single source and, in the case of many of our ANDAs and NDAs, only one supplier of raw materials has been identified. Because FDA approval of drugs requires manufacturers to specify their proposed suppliers of active ingredients and certain packaging materials in their applications, FDA approval of any new supplier would be required if active ingredients or such packaging materials were no longer available from the specified supplier. The qualification of a new supplier could delay our development and marketing efforts. If for any reason we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of any of the raw materials or components required to produce and package our products, we may not be able to manufacture our products as planned. In addition, certain of the pharmaceutical products that we market are manufactured by third parties that serve as our only supplier of those products. Any delays or failure of a contract manufacturing partner to supply finished goods timely or in adequate volume could impede our marketing of those products. No supplier represented 10% or more of our purchases in 2014, 2013 or 2012. See Item 1A. Risk Factors – “Many of the raw materials and components used in our products come from a single source” for more information. In 2014, 2013 and 2012, a high percentage of our sales were to the three large wholesale drug distributors noted below. These three wholesale drug distributors account for a large portion of our gross sales, net revenues and accounts receivable in both of our segments. The three large wholesale drug distributors are: • AmerisourceBergen Corporation (“Amerisource”); • Cardinal Health, Inc. (“Cardinal”); and • McKesson Corporation (“McKesson”). On a combined basis, these three wholesale drug distributors accounted for approximately 77% of our total gross sales and 61% of our net revenue in the year ended December 31, 2014, and 86% of our gross accounts receivable as of December 31, 2014. The difference between gross sales and net revenue is that gross sales is calculated before allowances for chargebacks, rebates, promotions and product returns (See “Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — “Critical Accounting Policies” for more information). The table below presents the percentages of our total gross sales, net revenue and gross trade accounts receivable attributed to each of these three wholesale drug distributors as of and for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively: 2014 2013 2012 Gross Sales Net Revenue Gross Accounts Receivable Gross Sales Net Revenue Gross Accounts Receivable Gross Sales Net Revenue Gross Accounts Receivable Amerisource 38 % 28 % 46 % 19 % 14 % 25 % 19 % 14 % 29 % Cardinal 16 % 14 % 17 % 23 % 16 % 26 % 23 % 17 % 30 % McKesson 23 % 19 % 23 % 16 % 11 % 12 % 16 % 11 % 14 % Combined Total 77 % 61 % 86 % 58 % 41 % 63 % 58 % 42 % 73 % Amerisource, Cardinal and McKesson are key distributors of our products, as well as a broad range of health care products for many other companies. None of these distributors is an end user of our products. Generally speaking, if sales to any one of these distributors were to diminish or cease, we believe that the end users of our products would likely find little difficulty obtaining our products either directly from us or from another distributor. However, the loss of one or more of these distributors, together with a delay or inability to secure an alternative distribution source for end users, could have a material negative impact on our revenue, business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, Amerisouce, Cardinal and McKesson have recently entered into strategic alliances with Walgreens Company (now Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.), CVS Health Corporation and Rite Aid Corporation, respectively. Since Walgreens, CVS Health and Rite-Aid are customers for several of our products, the loss of our distributor relationship with any of the three large wholesalers could result in a reduction to our revenues. 9 We consider our business relationships with Amerisource, Cardinal and McKesson to be in good standing and we currently have fee for services contracts with each of them. However, a change in purchasing patterns, a decrease in inventory levels, an increase in returns of our products, delays in purchasing products and delays in payment for products by one or more of these distributors could have a material negative impact on our revenue, business, financial condition and results of operations. See Item 1A “Risk Factors –We depend on a small number of distributors, the loss of any of which could have a material adverse effect” for more information. Backorders. As of December 31, 2014, we had approximately $19.2 million of products on backorder as compared to approximately $3.9 million of backorders as of December 31, 2013. We anticipate filling all open backorders during 2015. Government Regulation. Pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors are subject to extensive regulation by government agencies, including the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration (“DEA”), the FTC and other federal, state and local agencies. The Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the “FDC Act”), the Controlled Substance Act and other federal statutes and regulations govern or influence the development, testing, manufacture, labeling, storage and promotion of products that we manufacture and market. The FDA inspects drug manufacturers and storage facilities to determine compliance with its current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”) regulations, non-compliance with which can result in fines, recall and seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, refusal to approve NDAs and ANDAs and criminal prosecution. The FDA also has the authority to revoke approval of drug products. FDA approval is required before any application drug product can be manufactured and marketed. New drugs require the application filing of an NDA, including clinical studies demonstrating the safety and efficacy of the drug. Generic drugs, which are equivalents of existing, off-patent brand name drugs, require the application filing of an ANDA. An ANDA does not, for the most part, require clinical studies since safety and efficacy have already been demonstrated by the product originator. However, the ANDA must, for example, provide data demonstrating the equivalency of the generic formulation in terms of bioavailability. The time required by the FDA to review and approve NDAs and ANDAs is variable and, to a large extent, beyond our control. We are subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and the DEA. Throughout the five year period ended December 31, 2014, there have been no product interruptions associated with regulatory inspection or related review activities. The most recent inspections conducted during April and May of 2014 at our Somerset, New Jersey facility and May and June of 2014 at our Decatur, Illinois facility resulted in no regulatory actions. The June 2014 FDA inspection of the Akorn India operation also resulted in no regulatory actions, and site status is pending confirmation from FDA. DEA Regulation. We also manufacture and distribute several controlled-drug substances, the distribution and handling of which are regulated by the DEA. Failure to comply with DEA regulations can result in fines or seizure of product. There were no DEA citations issued to us in 2014, 2013, or 2012. Environment . We do not anticipate any material adverse effect from compliance with federal, state and local provisions that have been enacted or adopted regulating the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. Foreign Sales . During 2014, 2013 and 2012, approximately $16.6 million, $27.3 million, and $29.4 million of our net revenue, respectively, was related to sales to customers in foreign countries. The decline in foreign revenues in comparison to 2013 is primarily the result of reduced sales generated by AIPL, our subsidiary in India. Of our total foreign sales in 2014, 2013 and 2012, $7.2 million, $15.8 million and $16.7 million, respectively, were generated by AIPL, which exclusively sells product to customers in India and other unregulated world markets. The declining revenue generated by AIPL through the respective periods is principally the result of the Company’s decision to reduce revenues associated with comparatively low-margin contract manufacturing to focus on achieving U.S. FDA site approval. The Company’s worldwide business is subject to risks of currency fluctuations, governmental actions and other governmental proceedings abroad. The Company does not regard these risks as a deterrent to further expansion of its operations abroad. However, the Company closely reviews its methods of operations and seeks to adopt strategies responsive to changing economic and political conditions. Seasonality and other Cyclical Sales Fluctuations . The majority of our products do not experience significant seasonality. We do market certain prescription pharmaceutical and consumer health products for the treatment of allergies that typically generate higher sales volume in the warmer months as well as cough and cold products which typically generate higher sales volume in the colder months, but these products do not materially impact our overall sales trends. Additionally, we market various antidote products through our Prescription Pharmaceuticals segment, the sales of which are largely timed to the expiration of existing stock held by our ongoing customers. In addition, since the fourth quarter of 2012 we have been a distributor of Tetanus and Diphtheria (“Td”) vaccines, which tends to generate higher sales in spring through fall. 10 Government Contracts . We maintain distribution contracts with the U.S. Federal Government (“Government”), including Veteran’s Administration among others. A number of these contracts allow the Government to terminate upon written notice. We do not believe that any single termination is likely or would be material to our operations. Available Information . We file annual, quarterly and special reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Materials filed with the SEC can be read and copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE , Washington, DC 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Our filings are available to the public at the website maintained by the SEC, http://www.sec.gov . We also make available, free of charge, through our web site at www.akorn.com , our reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K, and amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. The information contained on our web site is not a part of this document. 11 Item 1A. Risk Factors. An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you should carefully consider each of the risks described below before purchasing shares of our common stock. The risk factors set forth below are not the only risks that may affect our business. Our business could also be affected by additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could materially suffer. As a result, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Our growth and profitability is dependent on our ability to complete strategic acquisitions or to identify, acquire or develop, new products to market and distribute. We continue to seek growth opportunities, either by completing strategic acquisitions or by developing and introducing new pharmaceutical products. Continued improvement in our financial performance is dependent on our ability to introduce new products on an ongoing basis, whether developed internally or by third party partners, or acquired from other companies. Any delays or an inability to successfully identify suitable acquisition targets, or acquire or develop, and market and distribute new products, or acquisition or development of new products that do not yield sufficient margins, may result in adverse financial consequences to our business. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits from our acquisitions and we may face difficulties in integrating them, which could adversely affect our operating results, increase costs and place a significant strain on our management. If we fail to manage the integration of our domestic and international acquisitions and achieve expected synergies and revenue growth, our business could be disrupted and our operating results could be negatively impacted. The operating success of both our domestic and international acquisitions involves the integration of products, processes and personnel into our existing model. In addition, the integration of international acquisitions requires both establishing and training a local management team and overseeing the operations remotely, and can involve cultural, monetary and systems challenges. Our personnel, systems, procedures, or controls may not be adequate to support both our ongoing business and the acquired businesses. If any newly-acquired businesses or assets require a disproportionate share of our resources and management’s attention, our overall financial results may suffer. Failure to obtain regulatory certification of our manufacturing facility in India for production of pharmaceutical products for export to the United States, as well as other regulated world markets, could impair our ability to grow and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We operate a manufacturing campus in Paonta Sahib, India, which we acquired through a business combination in 2012. The manufacturing units within this campus were built to the standards of regulated markets, including the United States, but they are not currently approved by the FDA to manufacture products for export to the United States. It is our intention to obtain certification from the FDA and other regulatory authorities to allow this facility to manufacture products for export to the United States and other regulated world markets. Obtaining such certification in a timely manner is critical to our sustaining our growth. An inability to obtain or maintain such certification could restrict our ability to achieve our growth objectives, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our operations in India may be adversely affected by general economic conditions and economic and fiscal policy in India, including changes in exchange rates and controls, interest rates and taxation policies; any reversal of India’s recent economic liberalization and deregulation policies; as well as social stability and political, economic or diplomatic developments affecting India in the future. In addition, India is known to have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in some circumstances, anti-bribery laws may conflict with some local customs and practices. As a result of our internal policies aimed at full compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”) and similar anti-bribery laws, we may be at a competitive disadvantage to competitors that are not subject to, or do not comply with, such laws. Our indebtedness reduces our financial and operating flexibility. We have entered into various credit arrangements to fund certain of our operations and activities, principally business combinations. During the year ended December 31, 2014 we significantly increased our debt obligations through new term loans. As of December 31, 2014, our debt includes a $600.0 million Existing Term Loan Facility, a $445.0 million Incremental Term Loan Facility, and $87.5 million principal balance in our Convertible Senior Notes due 2016 (the “Notes”) and we also have available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities (See “Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Financial Condition and Liquidity” for definitions and descriptions of our Existing Term Loan Facility, Incremental Term Loan Facility and Notes and our credit facilities).. A high level of indebtedness subjects us to a number of adverse risks. In particular, a significant portion of our current indebtedness has variable interest terms meaning we are subject to the risks associated with higher interest rates, and moreover, a high level of indebtedness may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and increases the risk that we may default on our debt obligations. In addition, our current debt arrangements require that we devote a significant portion of our cash flows to service amounts outstanding under those debt arrangements. We also are subject to various covenants with respect to our indebtedness, including the obligation to meet certain defined financial ratios and our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders is restricted. Further, our indebtedness may restrict or otherwise impair our ability to raise additional capital through other debt financing, which could restrict our ability to grow our business. Our ability to meet our debt obligations, to comply with all required covenants, and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance. General economic conditions and financial, business and other factors affect our operations and our future performance. Many of these factors are beyond our control. If we do not have sufficient funds on hand to pay our debt when due, we may be required to seek a waiver or amendment from our lenders, refinance our indebtedness, incur additional indebtedness, sell assets or sell additional shares of securities. We may not be able to complete such transactions on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Our failure to generate sufficient funds to pay our debts or to undertake any of these actions successfully could result in a default on our debt obligations, which would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 12 We may not generate cash flow sufficient to pay interest and make required principal repayments on our Term Loans. On April 17, 2014, upon completing the Hi-Tech Acquisition, we entered into a $600.0 million term loan with certain other lenders with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. acting as the administrative agent (the “Existing Term Loan”) and on August 12, 2014, upon completing the VersaPharm Acquisition, we entered into a $445.0 million term loan with certain other lenders with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. acting as the administrative agent (the “Incremental Term Loan”). These term loans significantly increased our debt obligations. The Existing Term Loan and Incremental Term Loan each bear interest at a variable rate at a margin above prime or LIBOR, at our election. In addition to our interest obligation, we are required to repay 0.25% of the principal balance quarterly, beginning with the second and first full quarter, respectively after entering into the loan agreements. The remaining outstanding balance under each of the Existing Term Loan and the Incremental Term Loan will be due and payable on April 17, 2021. If we do not generate sufficient operating cash flows to fund these payments or obtain additional funding from external sources at acceptable terms, we may not have sufficient funds to satisfy our principal and interest payment obligations when those obligations are due, which would place us into default under the terms of the Existing Term Loan and the Incremental Term Loan. Such default would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our borrowings are secured by all or substantially all of the Company’s assets. If the Company defaults on its obligations under the Existing Term Loan or the Incremental Term Loans, the lenders may be able to foreclose upon its security interest and otherwise be entitled to obtain or control Company assets. Our growth depends on our ability to timely develop and successfully market new pharmaceutical products. Our strategy for growth is dependent upon our ability to develop products that can be promoted through current marketing and distributions channels and, when appropriate, the enhancement of such marketing and distribution channels. We may fail to meet our anticipated time schedule for the filing of ANDAs and NDAs or may decide not to pursue ANDAs or NDAs that we have already submitted or anticipate submitting. Our internal development of new pharmaceutical products is dependent upon the research and development capabilities of our personnel and our strategic business alliance infrastructure. There can be no assurance that we or our strategic business alliance partners will successfully develop new pharmaceutical products or, if developed, that we will successfully commercialize these new pharmaceutical products. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will receive all necessary FDA approvals or that such approvals will not involve delays, which may adversely affect the commercial success of our products. Our failure to develop new products or to receive FDA approval of ANDAs or NDAs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if successfully developed and launched, no assurance can be given as to the actual size of the market for any product or the level of profitability and sales of the product. Generic and off-patent pharmaceutical products are particularly susceptible to competition, substitution policies and reimbursement policies. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify suitable branded pharmaceutical products to target for development of generic equivalents, determine or anticipate the dates when these branded pharmaceuticals are expected to come off patent, and time our product development activities accordingly so that we will be ready to manufacture and market our generic equivalent products at the most advantageous times. Generic pharmaceuticals must meet the same quality standards as branded pharmaceuticals, even though these equivalent pharmaceuticals are sold at prices that are significantly lower than branded pharmaceuticals. Generic substitution is regulated by the federal and state governments, as is reimbursement for generic drug dispensing. There can be no assurance that substitution will be permitted for newly approved generic drugs or that such products will be subject to government reimbursement. In addition, generic products developed by competing drug companies may render our generic products noncompetitive or obsolete, or may glut the market with competing products resulting in a reduction in sale price or market share for the generic products we sell. There can be no assurance that we will be able to consistently bring generic pharmaceutical products to market quickly and efficiently in the future. An increase in competition in the sale of generic pharmaceutical products or our failure to bring such products to market before our competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 13 Further, there is no proprietary protection for most of the branded pharmaceutical products that either we or other pharmaceutical companies sell. In addition, governmental and cost-containment pressures regarding the dispensing of generic equivalents will likely result in generic substitution and competition generally for our branded pharmaceutical products. We attempt to mitigate the effect of this substitution through, among other things, creation of strong brand-name recognition and product-line extensions for our branded pharmaceutical products, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in these efforts. We are subject to extensive government regulations that increase our costs, subject us to various obligations and could subject us to fines, prevent us from selling our products or prevent us from operating our facilities. Various federal and state government agencies regulate virtually all aspects of our business. The development, testing, manufacturing, processing, quality, safety, efficacy, packaging, labeling, record keeping, distribution, storage and advertising of our products, and disposal of waste products arising from such activities, are subject to regulation by the FDA, DEA, FTC, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the Environmental Protection Agency. Similar state and local agencies also have jurisdiction over these activities. Noncompliance with applicable United States and/or state or local regulatory requirements can result in fines, injunctions, penalties, mandatory recalls or seizures, suspensions of production, recommendations by the FDA against governmental contracts and criminal prosecution. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. New, modified and additional regulations, statutes or legal interpretation, if any, could, among other things, require changes to manufacturing methods, expanded or different labeling, recall, replacement or discontinuation of certain products, additional record keeping procedures and expanded documentation of the properties of certain products and additional scientific substantiation. Such changes or new legislation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Certain of the regulatory risks that we are subject to are outlined below. We are subject to regulation by the FDA. All pharmaceutical manufacturers, including us, are subject to regulation by the FDA under the authority of the FDC Act. Under the FDC Act, the federal government has extensive administrative and judicial enforcement authority over the activities of finished drug product manufacturers to ensure compliance with FDA regulations. This authority includes, but is not limited to, the authority to initiate judicial action to seize unapproved or non-complying products, to enjoin non-complying activities, to halt manufacturing operations that are not in compliance with cGMP, to recall products, to seek civil and monetary penalties and to criminally prosecute violators. Other enforcement activities include refusal to approve product applications, withdrawal of previously approved applications or prohibition on marketing of certain grandfathered products. Any such enforcement activities, especially the restriction or prohibition on sales of products we market or the halting of our manufacturing operations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the FDA or other government agencies having regulatory authority over pharmaceutical products may request us to voluntarily or involuntarily conduct product recalls due to disputed labeling claims, manufacturing issues, quality defects or for other reasons. Restriction or prohibition on sales, halting of manufacturing operations, recalls of our pharmaceutical products or other enforcement actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, such actions, in certain circumstances, may constitute an event of default under the terms of our various financing arrangements. We must obtain approval from the FDA for each pharmaceutical product that we market. The FDA approval process is typically lengthy, and approval is never certain. Our new products could take a significantly longer time than we expect to gain regulatory approval and may never gain approval. Even if the FDA or another regulatory agency approves a product, the approval may limit the indicated uses for a product, may otherwise limit our ability to promote, sell and distribute a product or may require post-marketing studies or impose other post-marketing obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on marketability and profitability of the new products. We and our third-party manufacturers are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA to assure regulatory compliance regarding the manufacturing, distribution, and promotion of pharmaceutical products. The FDA imposes stringent mandatory requirements on the manufacture and distribution of pharmaceutical products to ensure their safety and efficacy. The FDA also regulates drug labeling and the advertising of prescription drugs. A finding by a governmental agency or court that we are not in compliance with FDA requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the FDA changes its regulatory position, it could force us to delay or suspend our manufacturing, distribution or sales of certain products. FDA interpretations of existing or pending regulations and standards may change over time with the advancement of associated technologies, industry trends, and/or prevailing scientific rationale. If the FDA changes its regulatory position due to such factors, it could result in delay or suspension of the manufacturing, distribution or sales of certain of our products. In addition, modifications or enhancements of approved products are in many circumstances subject to additional FDA approvals which may or may not be granted and which may be subject to a lengthy application process. Any change in the FDA’s enforcement policy or any decision by the FDA to require an approved NDA or ANDA for one of our products not currently subject to the approved NDA or ANDA requirements or any delay in the FDA approving an NDA or ANDA for one of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 14 We are subject to extensive DEA regulation, which could result in our being fined or otherwise penalized. We also manufacture and sell drugs which are “controlled substances” as defined in the Federal Controlled Substances Act and similar state laws, which impose, among other things, certain licensing, security and record keeping requirements administered by the DEA and similar state agencies, as well as quotas for the manufacture, purchase and sale of controlled substances. The DEA could limit or reduce the amount of controlled substances which we are permitted to manufacture and market or issue fines and penalties against us for purported non-compliance with DEA regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be subject to governmental demands to continue production and marketing of certain products which we would otherwise not continue . We manufacture and sell drugs which include those identified as life-saving, essential or critical by the World Health Organization and other generic and branded drugs whose production or sale by the Company could be required by various governments or governmental agencies irrespective of the financial effects. Required production or sale of these products which we would otherwise not continue could affect our financial and operating flexibility. We are subject to the Federal Drug Supply Chain Security Act ("DSCSA") that requires development of an electronic pedigree to track and trace each prescription drug at the salable unit level through the distribution system, which will be effective incrementally over a 10-year period. Compliance with DSCSA and future U.S. federal or state electronic pedigree requirements may increase the Company's operational expenses and impose significant administrative burdens. We depend on a small number of distributors, the loss of any of which could have a material adverse effect. A small number of large wholesale drug distributors account for a significant portion of our gross sales, net revenues and accounts receivable. The following three wholesalers – Amerisource, Cardinal and McKesson – accounted for approximately 77% of total gross sales and 61% of total net revenues in 2014, and 86% of gross trade receivables as of December 31, 2014. In addition to acting as distributors of our products, these three companies also distribute a broad range of health care products on behalf of many other companies. The loss of our relationship with one or more of these wholesalers, together with a delay or inability to secure an alternative distribution source for end users, could have a material adverse impact on our revenue and results of operations. In particular, Amerisource, Cardinal and McKesson have entered into strategic drug purchasing alliances with Walgreens Company (now Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.), CVS Health Corporation and Rite Aid Corporation, respectively. The chain drugstores are customers for a number of our products. Therefore, the loss of our relationship with any of the three large wholesalers would likely result in the loss of revenue from sales to these drugstore chains. A change in purchasing patterns or inventory levels, an increase in returns of our products, penalties assessed against us for failure to supply or failure to maintain service levels, delays in purchasing products and delays in payment for products by one or more of these distributors also could have a material adverse impact on our revenue, results of operations and cash flows. Sales of our products may be adversely affected by the continuing consolidation of our customer base. In addition to our sales to wholesale drug distributors detailed above, a significant proportion of our sales are made to relatively few retail drug chains and managed care purchasing organizations. These customers are continuing to undergo significant consolidation. Such consolidation has provided and may continue to provide them with additional purchasing leverage, and consequently may increase the pricing pressures that we face. Additionally, the emergence of large buying groups representing independent retail pharmacies, and the prevalence and influence of managed care organizations and similar institutions, enable those groups to extract price discounts on our products. Our net sales and quarterly growth comparisons may also be affected by fluctuations in the buying patterns of retail chains, major distributors and other trade buyers, whether resulting from seasonality, pricing, wholesaler buying decisions or other factors. In addition, since such a significant portion of our revenues is derived from relatively few customers, any financial difficulties experienced by a single customer, or any delay in receiving payments from a single customer, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 15 We may not generate cash flow sufficient to pay interest on our outstanding convertible senior notes or repurchase the notes upon a fundamental change. In June 2011, we issued $120.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.50% Convertible Senior Notes. As of December 31, 2014, $87.5 million principal balance of the Notes remains outstanding. The Notes require us to make semi-annual coupon interest payments of $2.1 million on June 1 and December 1 of each year until the Notes mature on June 1, 2016. If we do not generate sufficient operating cash flows to fund these payments or obtain additional funding from external sources at acceptable terms, we may not have sufficient funds to satisfy our interest payment obligations when those obligations are due which would place us in default under the Indenture (as defined below). If a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture) occurs, holders of the Notes may require us to repurchase their Notes. If we fail to repurchase the Notes when required, we will be in default under the Indenture. We may need to obtain additional capital to continue to grow our business. We may require additional funds in order to materially grow our business. We require substantial liquidity to implement long-term cost savings and productivity improvement plans, continue capital spending to improve our manufacturing facilities to increase capacity and support product development programs, meet scheduled term debt and lease maturities, to effect acquisitions and to run our normal business operations. We may seek additional funds through public and private financing, including equity and debt offerings. However, adequate funds through the financial markets or from other sources may not be available to us when needed or on favorable terms. Without sufficient additional capital funding, we may be required to delay, scale back or abandon some or all of our product development, manufacturing, acquisition, licensing and marketing initiatives, or operations. Further, such additional financing, if obtained, may require the granting of rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the common stock and result in substantial dilution of the existing ownership interests of the common stockholders and could include covenants and restrictions that limit our ability to operate or expand our business in a manner that we deem to be in our best interest. Our industry is very competitive. Additionally, changes in technology could render our products obsolete. We face significant competition from other pharmaceutical companies, including major pharmaceutical companies with financial resources substantially greater than ours, in developing, acquiring, manufacturing and marketing pharmaceutical products. The selling prices of pharmaceutical products typically decline as competition increases. Further, other products now in use, under development or acquired by other pharmaceutical companies, may be more effective or offered at lower prices than our current or future products. The industry is characterized by rapid technological change that may render our products obsolete, and competitors may develop their products more rapidly than we can. Competitors may also be able to complete the regulatory process sooner, and therefore, may begin to market their products in advance of ours. We believe that competition in sales of our products is based primarily on price, service and technical capabilities. There can be no assurance that: (i) we will be able to develop or acquire commercially attractive pharmaceutical products; (ii) additional competitors will not enter the market; (iii) our existing products will not be rendered obsolete by the introduction or switch to generic of competing products; or (iv) competition from other pharmaceutical companies will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by volatile general economic conditions and, or, business environment. If equity and credit market conditions prove unfavorable, we may have difficulty obtaining desired debt or equity financing, or obtaining such financing may be more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. A prolonged or profound economic downturn could result in adverse changes to product reimbursement, pricing or sales levels, which would harm our operating results. There is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive difficult economic times, which would directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon development plans. Moreover, our stock price may decline due to the volatility of the stock market and general economic conditions. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weaknesses, or if we otherwise fail to establish and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, timely file our periodic reports, maintain our reporting status or prevent fraud. In connection with our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, we concluded there were certain material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting related to identified control deficiencies in respect of completeness and accuracy of data used in the determination of significant estimates and accounting transactions and the process in place to support the accurate and timely reporting of financial results and disclosures. We also concluded that, as of December 31, 2014, we had inadequate controls in place to prevent or detect material errors in the financial statements of acquired subsidiaries, and an error was identified related to the chargeback reserve of Hi-Tech recognized at the acquisition date which requires the restatement of our condensed consolidated financial statements for the quarter and six-months ended June 30, 2014 and the nine months ended September 30, 2014. Note that we excluded from our assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014, Hi-Tech’s and VersaPharm’s internal control over financial reporting. Under standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected or corrected on a timely basis. 16 We are working to remediate the material weaknesses. With respect to validation of the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the determination of significant estimates and accounting transactions, management intends to: · Conduct manual data validation procedures on certain reports related to gross to net adjustments and inventory. · Enhance the design of management review controls to increase the level of precision. · Establish a dedicated revenue accounting team focused primarily on significant gross to net revenue adjustments. · Ensure all systems relied upon in the financial reporting process are subject to Information Technology General Controls (ITGCs) which are intended to prevent system changes that could affect the completeness and accuracy of the data used. With respect to timely and accurate filing of our financial results, management intends to: · Undertake a financial close process improvement project utilizing external consultants to identify efficiencies and enhance reporting capabilities as well as opportunities to reduce the incidence of errors. · Implement more robust accounting policies and work with consultants to streamline close activities and implement best practices. · Enhance communications between the accounting and tax groups to ensure timely and accurate tax considerations. · Deploy additional internal and/or external tax resources to allow for additional levels of management review controls. With respect to the financial statement of acquired subsidiaries, management intends to: · Evaluate the control environment of target acquisitions and acquired entities in a timely fashion to facilitate improvements in the subsidiary’s control environment within the year of acquisition. · Develop controls specifically designed to identify material errors within subsidiary financial statements. · Drive consistency in internal controls across all Akorn entities. · Deploy appropriate personnel with public company accounting experience at the subsidiary level, as needed. Additionally, we plan on creating a new position to oversee accounting systems, administer and monitor ITGCs, coordinate between the Company’s accounting and information technology departments, identify opportunities to streamline and improve processes through greater automation, and plan to add personnel with internal controls and process improvement capabilities within the accounting function. Responsibilities will include designing internal controls and ensuring compliance, implementing global accounting policies and procedures, and implementing process improvements. The actions that we are taking are subject to ongoing senior management review, as well as audit committee oversight. Although we plan to complete this remediation as quickly as possible, we cannot at this time estimate how long it will take, and our initiatives may not prove to be successful in remediating this material weakness. If our remedial measures are insufficient to address the material weaknesses, or if additional material weaknesses or in our internal control over financial reporting are discovered or occur in the future, our consolidated financial statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to further restate our financial results. Our management or our independent registered public accounting firm may identify other material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting in the future. The existence of internal control material weaknesses may result in current and potential stockholders losing confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our business, the market price of our common stock, and our ability to retain our current, or obtain new, alliance and collaboration agreements’ partners. In addition, the existence of material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting may affect our ability to timely file periodic reports under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). The inability to timely file periodic reports could result in the SEC revoking the registration of our common stock, which would prohibit us from listing or having our stock quoted on the NASDAQ Global Market or any other stock exchange. This would have an adverse effect on our business and stock price by limiting the publicly available information regarding us and greatly reducing the ability of our stockholders to sell or trade our common stock. Our revenues depend on sale of products manufactured by third parties, which we cannot control. We rely in part on external third parties to manufacture certain of the products we sell. Currently, this risk is limited to several of our products. However, we expect this risk to become more significant as we receive approvals for new products to be manufactured through our strategic partnerships and as we seek additional growth opportunities beyond the capacity and capabilities of our current manufacturing facilities. If we are unable to obtain or retain third-party manufacturers for these products on commercially acceptable terms, we may not be able to distribute such products as planned. Further, no assurance can be given that the manufacturers we use will be able to provide us with sufficient quantities of our products to meet our needs or that the products supplied to us will meet our specifications. Any delays or difficulties with third-party manufacturers could adversely affect the marketing and distribution of certain of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Many of the raw materials and components used in our products come from a single source. We require a supply of quality raw materials and components to manufacture and package pharmaceutical products for ourselves and for third parties with which we have contracted. Many of the raw materials and components used in our products come from a single source and interruptions in the supply of these raw materials and components could disrupt our manufacturing of specific products and cause our sales and profitability to decline. Further, in the case of many of our ANDAs and NDAs, only one supplier of raw materials has been identified. Because FDA approval of drugs requires manufacturers to specify their proposed suppliers of active pharmaceutical ingredients and certain packaging materials in their applications, FDA approval of any new supplier would be required if active ingredients or such packaging materials were no longer available from the specified supplier. The qualification of a new supplier could delay our development and marketing efforts. If for any reason we are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of any of the raw materials or components required to produce and package our products, we may not be able to manufacture our products as planned, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 17 Any failure to comply with the complex reporting and payment obligations under Medicare, Medicaid and other government programs may result in litigation or sanctions. We are subject to various federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback, false claims, marketing and pricing laws. We are also subject to Medicaid and other government reporting and payment obligations that are highly complex and somewhat ambiguous. Violations of these laws and reporting obligations are punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions and exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. The recent healthcare reform legislation made several changes to the federal anti-kickback statute, false claims laws, and health care fraud statute such as increasing penalties and making it easier for the government to bring sanctions against pharmaceutical companies. If our past, present or future operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or other similar governmental regulations, we may be subject to the applicable penalty associated with the violation which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and negatively impact our financial results. Further, if there is a change in laws, regulations or administrative or judicial interpretations, we may have to change our business practices or our existing business practices could be challenged as unlawful, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. Exercise of options, granting of restricted shares, or issuance of shares pursuant to our convertible debt, may have a substantial dilutive effect on our common stock. If the price per share of our common stock at the time of exercise of any stock options is in excess of the various exercise prices of such options, exercise of such options would have a dilutive effect on our common stock. As of December 31, 2014, holders of our outstanding options would receive 6.4 million shares of our common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $11.44 per share. Our earnings per share will also be diluted if the average closing price of our common stock exceeds the conversion price (currently $8.76 per share) on our convertible Notes. The Notes became convertible for the quarter ending on June 30, 2012 as a result of the Company’s stock trading at or above the required price of $11.39 per share for 20 of the last 30 trading days in the quarter ended March 31, 2012 and have remained convertible for each successive quarter as a result of meeting the trading price requirement at the end of each prior quarter. During the year ended December 31, 2014, approximately $32.5 million of the Notes were converted by the holders while $87.5 million remain available for conversion. If the Notes are surrendered for conversion, we have the option of satisfying all or a portion of our obligation in shares of our common stock, which could result in substantial dilution of the existing ownership interests of our common shareholders. We have grown at a very rapid pace. Our inability to effectively manage or support this growth may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. We have grown very rapidly over the past year as a result of several acquisitions and increasing sales, and additional growth through acquisitions is possible in the future. This growth has put significant demands on our processes, systems, and people. We have made and expect to make further investments in additional personnel, systems, and internal control processes to help manage our growth. Attracting, retaining and motivating key employees in various departments and locations to support our growth are critical to our business, and competition for these people can be significant. If we are unable to hire and/or retain qualified employees and/or if we do not effectively invest in systems and processes to manage and support our rapid growth and the challenges and difficulties associated with managing a larger, more complex business, and/or if we cannot effectively manage and integrate our increasingly diverse and global platform, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flow, and the market value of our common stock could decline. Changes in healthcare law and policy changes may adversely affect our business. In March 2010, the U.S. Congress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the “Healthcare Act”). This health care reform legislation is intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries, impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. As examples, the current legislation include measures that would (i) significantly increase Medicaid rebates through both the expansion of the program and significant increases in rebates; (ii) substantially expand the Public Health System (340B) program to allow other entities to purchase prescription drugs at substantial discounts; (iii) extend the Medicaid rebate rate to a significant portion of Managed Medicaid enrollees; (iv) assess a 50% rebate on Medicaid Part D spending in the coverage gap for branded and authorized generic prescription drugs; and (v) levy an excise tax on certain drug and device manufacturers. While the aforementioned healthcare reform legislation may increase the number of patients who have insurance coverage for our products, such insurance mandate did not commence until January 2014, and the healthcare reform legislation also restructured and reduced payments to Medicare managed care plans and reduces reimbursements to many third-party payers. Accordingly, the timing on the insurance mandate, the change in the Medicaid rebate levels, the additional fees imposed on us to the extent we market branded drugs, other compliance obligations, and the reduced reimbursement levels to institutional customers may result in a loss of revenue and could adversely affect our business. While we will not know the full effects of this health care reform legislation until applicable federal and state agencies issue regulations or guidance under the new law and the new law has been fully implemented, it appears likely to continue the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing, especially under the Medicare program, and to increase our regulatory burdens and operating costs. In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Healthcare Act was enacted. Congress passed the Budget Control Act of 2011 which, among other things, created measures for spending reductions by Congress, including a committee tasked with proposing legislation to reduce the federal deficit. The committee did not act, which triggered the legislation's automatic reduction to government programs. Because of this legislation, Medicare reimbursement to providers was reduced overall by 2% beginning April 1, 2013. This, and other new laws, may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other health care funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our customers and accordingly, our financial operations. 18 The sales of our products depend in part on the availability of reimbursement from third-party payers such as government health administration authorities, private health insurers, health maintenance organizations including PBMs and other health care-related organizations. We expect both federal and state governments in the U.S. and foreign governments to continue to propose and pass new legislation, rules and regulations designed to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare while expanding individual healthcare benefits. Existing regulations that affect the price of pharmaceutical and other medical products may also change before any of our products are approved for marketing. Cost control initiatives could decrease the price that we receive for any product we develop in the future. In addition, PBMs and other third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved pharmaceutical products. Our products may not be considered cost effective, or adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize a return on our investments. All of these may harm our ability to market our products and generate profits. We have entered into several strategic business alliances that may not result in marketable products. We have entered into several strategic business alliances that have been formed to supply us with low cost finished dosage form products. We have entered into various purchase and supply agreements and license agreements that are all designed to provide finished dosage form products that can be marketed through our distribution pipeline. There can be no assurance that these agreements will result in additional FDA-approved ANDAs or NDAs, or that we will be able to market any such additional products at a profit. In addition, any clinical trial expenses that we may incur in connection with these strategic business alliances may negatively impact our financial results. We may become involved in legal proceedings from time to time which may result in losses, damage to our business and reputation and place a strain on our internal resources. In the ordinary course of our business, we may be involved in legal proceedings with both private parties and certain government agencies, including FDA. Litigation may result in verdicts against us, which may include significant monetary awards, judgments that certain of our intellectual property rights are invalid or unenforceable and injunctions preventing the manufacture, marketing and sale of our products. If disputes are resolved unfavorably, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Any litigation, whether or not successful, may damage our reputation. Furthermore, we are likely to incur substantial expense in defending these lawsuits and the time demands of such lawsuits could divert management’s attention from ongoing business concerns and interfere with our normal operations. In the normal course of business, we periodically enter into employment agreements, legal settlements, and other agreements which incorporate indemnification provisions. We maintain insurance coverage which we believe will effectively mitigate our obligations under these indemnification provisions. However, should our obligation under an indemnification provision exceed our coverage or should coverage be denied, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. Third parties may claim that we infringe their proprietary rights and may prevent or delay us from manufacturing and selling some of our new products. The manufacture, use and sale of new products that are the subject of conflicting patent rights have been the subject of substantial litigation in the pharmaceutical industry. Pharmaceutical companies with patented brand products frequently sue companies that file applications to produce generic equivalents of their patented brand products for alleged patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights, which may delay or prevent the entry of such generic products into the market. Generally, a generic drug may not be marketed until the applicable patent(s) on the brand name drug expire or are held to be not infringed, invalid, or unenforceable. When we or our development partners submit an ANDA to the FDA for approval of a generic drug, we and/or our development partners must certify either (i) that there is no patent listed by the FDA as covering the relevant brand product, (ii) that any patent listed as covering the brand product has expired, (iii) that the patent listed as covering the brand product will expire prior to the marketing of the generic product, in which case the ANDA will not be finally approved by the FDA until the expiration of such patent, or (iv) that any patent listed as covering the brand drug is invalid or will not be infringed by the manufacture, sale or use of the generic product for which the ANDA is submitted. 19 Under any circumstance in which an act of infringement is alleged to occur, there is a risk that a brand pharmaceutical company may sue us for alleged patent infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. Also, competing pharmaceutical companies may file lawsuits against us or our strategic partners alleging patent infringement or may file declaratory judgment actions of non-infringement, invalidity, or unenforceability against us relating to our own patents. We have been sued for patent infringement related to several of our current ANDA filings and we anticipate that we will be sued once we file ANDAs for other products in our pipeline. Such litigation is often costly and time-consuming and could result in a substantial delay in, or prevent, the introduction and/or marketing of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although the parties to patent and intellectual property disputes in the pharmaceutical industry have often settled their disputes through licensing or similar arrangements, the costs associated with these arrangements may be substantial and could include ongoing royalties. Furthermore, we cannot be certain that the necessary licenses would be available to us on terms we believe to be acceptable. Our patents and proprietary rights may not adequately protect our products and processes. The patent and proprietary rights position of competitors in the pharmaceutical industry generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and is the subject of much litigation. There can be no assurance that any patent applications or other proprietary rights, including licensed rights, relating to our potential products or processes will result in patents being issued or other proprietary rights secured, or that the resulting patents or proprietary rights, if any, will provide protection against competitors who: (i) successfully challenge our patents or proprietary rights; (ii) obtain patents or proprietary rights that may have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business; or (iii) are able to circumvent our patent or proprietary rights position. It is possible that other parties have conducted or are conducting research and could make discoveries of pharmaceutical formulations or processes that would precede any discoveries made by us, which could prevent us from obtaining patent or other protection for these discoveries or marketing products developed therefrom. Consequently, there can be no assurance that others will not independently develop pharmaceutical products similar to or rendering obsolete those that we are planning to develop, or duplicate any of our products. Our inability to obtain patents for, or other proprietary rights in, our products and processes or the ability of competitors to circumvent or obsolete our patents or proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, our inability to successfully defend our existing patents against Paragraph IV challenges by competing drug companies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the majority of the drug products that we market are generics, with essentially no patent or proprietary rights attached. While this fact allowed us the opportunity to develop or to purchase and obtain FDA approval to market our generic products, it also allows competing drug companies to do the same. Should multiple additional drug companies choose to develop and market the same generic products that we actively market, our profit margins could decline, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Chairman of our Board of Directors is subject to conflicts of interest, and through his stock ownership and position as Chairman has substantial influence over our business strategies and policies. John N. Kapoor, Ph.D., the Chairman of our Board of Directors and a principal shareholder, is the President of EJ Financial Enterprises, Inc. (“EJ Financial”), a health care consulting investment company. EJ Financial is involved in the management of health care companies in various fields, and Dr. Kapoor is involved in various capacities with the management and operation of these companies. The John N. Kapoor Trust dated 9/20/89 (the “Kapoor Trust”), the beneficiary and sole trustee of which is Dr. Kapoor, is a principal shareholder of each of these companies. As a result, Dr. Kapoor does not devote his full time to our business. Although such companies do not currently compete directly with us, certain companies with which EJ Financial is involved are in the pharmaceutical business. Discoveries made by one or more of these companies could render our products less competitive or obsolete. Potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. As of December 31, 2014, Dr. Kapoor beneficially owns approximately 30% of our common stock. As a result, Dr. Kapoor can strongly influence, and potentially control, the outcome of our corporate actions, including the election of our directors and transactions involving a change of control. This concentrated control limits other shareholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, the Company may take actions that other shareholders do not view as beneficial. Further, decisions made by Dr. Kapoor with respect to his and his related parties’ ownership or trading of our common stock could have an adverse effect on the market value of our common stock and an adverse effect on our business. We depend on key executive officers and must continue to attract and retain key personnel in order to compete successfully. 20 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain key executive officers. The loss of one or more of our key executive officers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our performance depends, to a large extent, on the continued service of our key research and development personnel, other technical employees, managers and sales personnel and our ability to continue to attract and retain such personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, particularly for highly motivated and experienced research and development and other technical personnel. We are facing increasing competition from companies with greater financial resources for such personnel. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain sufficient numbers of highly skilled personnel in the future, and the inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, and on our results of operations and financial condition. We may implement product recalls and could be exposed to significant product liability claims; we may have to pay significant amounts to those harmed and may suffer from adverse publicity as a result. The manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceuticals involves an inherent risk that our products, or items within our products, may prove to be defective and cause a health risk. In that event, we may voluntarily implement a recall or market withdrawal or may be required to do so by a regulatory authority. We have recalled products in the past and, based on this experience, believe that the occurrence of a recall could result in significant costs to us, potential disruptions in the supply of our products to our customers and adverse publicity, all of which could harm our ability to market our products. Although we are not currently subject to any material product liability proceedings, we may incur material liabilities relating to product liability claims in the future. Even meritless claims could subject us to adverse publicity, hinder us from securing insurance coverage in the future and require us to incur significant legal fees and divert the attention of the key employees from running our business. Successful product liability claims brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We currently have product liability insurance in the amount of $20,000,000 for aggregate annual claims with a $250,000 deductible per incident and a $1,250,000 aggregate annual deductible. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to fully cover potential claims. Additionally, there can be no assurance that adequate insurance coverage will be available in the future at acceptable costs, if at all, or that a product liability claim would not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FDA may require us to stop marketing certain grandfathered drugs. We market several generic prescription products which do not have formal FDA approvals because these products have been grandfathered into the provisions of the 1938 Federal FDC Act or the 1962 amendments to the Act. These products are non-application drugs that are manufactured and marketed without FDA-issued ANDAs or NDAs on the basis of their having been marketed by industry prior to the 1962 Amendments of the FDC Act. We marketed nine such products during 2014, generating net sales revenue of $43.4 million. Of the nine products during 2014, two were approved through either an ANDA or an NDA prior to the filing of this Form 10-K. Following enactment of the FDC Act in 1938, drugs on the market prior to that time were exempted or “grandfathered” and manufacturers were not required to file an NDA. Recently, FDA has increased its efforts to force companies to file and seek FDA approval for grandfathered products. Efforts have included issuing notices to companies currently manufacturing these products to cease its distribution of said products. On October 2, 2012, we received a Warning Letter from the FDA citing that we were manufacturing Pilocarpine Hydrochloride Ophthalmic Solution (“PHOS”), a grandfathered drug, without an approved NDA. We fully cooperated with the FDA and discontinued selling PHOS. No enforcement action was initiated and no fines were assessed by the FDA against us and the loss of revenue associated with the discontinuation of PHOS was immaterial. Further, in the second quarter of 2012, we filed an ANDA for PHOS, which is currently under review by the FDA. If the FDA issues additional Warning Letters with respect one or more of our grandfathered products, we may be forced to discontinue marketing the affected products, which could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. The FDA may authorize sales of some prescription pharmaceuticals on a non-prescription basis, which would reduce the profitability of our prescription products. From time to time, the FDA elects to permit sales of some pharmaceuticals currently sold on a prescription basis without a prescription. FDA approval of the sale of our products without a prescription would reduce demand for our competing prescription products and, accordingly, reduce our profits. 21 We could experience business interruptions at our manufacturing facilities, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. We manufacture drug products at one international and three domestic manufacturing facilities. Any one or more of these facilities may be forced to shut down or may be unable to operate at full capacity as a result of hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, storms and other extreme weather events as well as strikes, war, violent upheavals, terrorist acts and other force majeure events. For example, our manufacturing facility in Somerset, New Jersey was shut down for approximately two weeks in October and November 2012 as a result of power outages and related business disruptions caused by Superstorm Sandy. A significant disruption at any of these facilities, even on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to produce and ship drug products to the market on a timely basis, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. The testing required for the regulatory approval of our products is conducted by independent third parties. Any failure by any of these third parties to perform this testing properly and in a timely manner may have an adverse effect upon our ability to obtain regulatory approvals. Our applications for the regulatory approval of our products incorporate the results of testing and other information that is conducted or gathered by independent third parties (including, for example, manufacturers of raw materials, testing laboratories, contract research organizations or independent research facilities). Our ability to obtain regulatory approval of the products being tested is dependent upon the quality of the work performed by these third parties, the quality of the third parties’ facilities, and the accuracy of the information provided by third parties. We have little or no control over any of these factors. If this testing is not performed properly, our ability to obtain regulatory approvals could be restricted or delayed. We may be subject to disruptions or failures in our information technology systems and network infrastructures that could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and network infrastructures to operate our business. We also hold data in various data center facilities upon which our business depends. A disruption, infiltration or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers as a result of software or hardware malfunctions, system implementations or upgrades, computer viruses, third-party security breaches, employee error, theft or misuse, malfeasance, power disruptions, natural disasters or accidents could cause breaches of data security, loss of intellectual property and critical data and the release and misappropriation of sensitive competitive information. Any of these events could result in the loss of key information, impair our production and supply chain processes, harm our competitive position, cause us to incur significant costs to remedy any damages and ultimately materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we have implemented a number of protective measures, such measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to prevent or fully address the adverse effect of such events. Failure to comply with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Our U.S. operations are currently subject to the FCPA. We are required to comply with the FCPA, which generally prohibits covered entities and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or other benefits. In addition, the FCPA imposes accounting standards and requirements on publicly traded U.S. corporations and their foreign affiliates, which are intended to prevent the diversion of corporate funds to the payment of bribes and other improper payments, and to prevent the establishment of “off books” slush funds from which such improper payments can be made. While we believe we have effective compliance programs in place to prevent violations of these laws, if our employees, third-party sales representatives or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties, including criminal and civil penalties, disgorgement and other remedial measures, including further changes or enhancements to our procedures, policies and controls, as well as potential personnel changes and disciplinary actions. The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources and distract management. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”). These requirements are extensive. The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, significant resources and management oversight is required. This may divert management’s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 22 We may issue preferred stock and the terms of such preferred stock may reduce the market value of our common stock. We are authorized to issue up to a total of 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series. Subject to certain limitations, our board of directors may authorize issuance of shares of preferred stock and the terms of such preferred stock without further action by holders of our common stock. If we issue shares of preferred stock, it could affect the rights or reduce the market value of our common stock. In particular, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with or sell our assets to a third party. These terms may include voting rights, preferences as to dividends and liquidation, conversion and redemption rights, and sinking fund provisions. We continue to seek capital for the growth of our business, and this additional capital may be raised through the issuance of preferred stock. We experience significant quarterly fluctuation of our results of operations, which may increase the volatility of our stock price. Our results of operations may vary from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors including, but not limited to, the timing of the development and marketing of new pharmaceutical products, the failure to develop such products, delays in obtaining government approvals, including FDA approval of NDAs or ANDAs for our products, expenditures to comply with governmental requirements for manufacturing facilities, expenditures incurred to acquire and promote pharmaceutical products, changes in our customer base, a customer’s termination of a substantial account, the availability and cost of raw materials, interruptions in supply by third-party manufacturers, seasonal or cyclical fluctuations in the sales of certain of our products, the introduction of new products or technological innovations by our competitors, loss of key personnel, changes in the mix of products sold by us, changes in sales and marketing expenditures, competitive pricing pressures, expenditures incurred to pursue or contest pending or threatened legal action and our ability to meet our financial covenants. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in avoiding losses in any future period. Such fluctuations may result in volatility in the price of our common stock. Charges to earnings resulting from acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. Under generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) business acquisition accounting standards, we recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interests in acquired companies generally at their acquisition date fair values and, in each case, separately from goodwill. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess amount of consideration transferred, which is also generally measured at fair value, and the net of the acquisition date amounts of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed. Our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable but which are inherently uncertain. After we complete an acquisition, the following factors could result in material charges and adversely affect our operating results and may adversely affect our cash flow: · costs incurred to combine the operations of companies we acquire, such as transitional employee expenses and employee retention, redeployment or relocation expenses; · impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, including acquired IPR&D; · amortization of intangible assets acquired; · a reduction in the useful lives of intangible assets acquired; · identification of or changes to assumed contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to, contingent purchase price consideration, income tax contingencies and other non-income tax contingencies, after our final determination of the amounts for these contingencies or the conclusion of the measurement period (generally up to one year from the acquisition date), whichever comes first; · charges to our operating results to eliminate certain duplicative pre-acquisition activities, to restructure our operations or to reduce our cost structure; · charges to our operating results resulting from expenses incurred to effect the acquisition; · changes to contingent consideration liabilities, including accretion and fair value adjustments. A significant portion of these adjustments could be accounted for as expenses that will decrease our net income and earnings per share for the periods in which those costs are incurred. Such charges could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and/or cash flow, and could cause the market value of the common stock to decline. As of December 31, 2014, we had recorded $278.8 million of goodwill on our consolidated balance sheet. 23 