,” and in our other reports filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. We assume no obligation to update the forward-looking statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made, except as required by law. PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Note: A glossary of terms used in this Form 10-K appears at the end of this Item 1. GENERAL We are a global leader in design software and services, offering customers productive business solutions through powerful technology products and services. We serve customers in the architecture, engineering and construction; manufacturing; and digital media, consumer, and entertainment industries. Our sophisticated software products enable our customers to experience their ideas before they are real. Customers are able to imagine, design, and create their ideas by visualizing, simulating and analyzing real-world performance early in the design process by creating and manipulating digital prototypes. These capabilities allow our customers to foster innovation, optimize and improve their designs, save time and money, improve quality, communicate intentions, and collaborate with others. Our professional software products are sold globally, both directly to customers and through a network of resellers and distributors. Additionally, we sell a line of consumer products for digital art, personal design and creativity, and home design. These products are sold over the Internet and in various digital storefronts, including the Apple App Store and the Google Play Store. Segments We report based on four reportable operating segments: • Architecture, Engineering, and Construction (“AEC”), which accounted for 35% of our net revenue in fiscal 2015 ; • Platform Solutions and Emerging Business (“PSEB”), which accounted for 32% of our net revenue in fiscal 2015 ; • Manufacturing (“MFG”), which accounted for 27% of our net revenue in fiscal 2015 ; and • Media and Entertainment (“M&E”), which accounted for 6% of our net revenue in fiscal 2015 . 2015 Form 10-K 4 Table of Contents A summary of our net revenue and results of operations for our business segments is found in Note 13 , “ Segments ,” in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our AEC, PSEB, and MFG segments derive revenue from the sale of licenses and subscriptions for software products and services to customers who design, build, and own buildings, infrastructures, and manufactured products. In addition to software products, the AEC, PSEB, and MFG segments offer a range of services, including consulting, support, and training, largely dedicated to enhancing our ability to sell licenses and subscriptions to our software products. Our M&E segment derives revenue from the sale of licenses and subscriptions for software products to creative professionals, post-production facilities, and broadcasters for a variety of applications, including feature films, television programs, commercials, music and corporate videos, interactive game production, web design, and interactive web streaming. In addition, our animation products produced by our M&E segment are often used by customers of products from our other segments for the visualization of their designs. The principal products and services of these segments include the following: • Flagship products, which accounted for approximately 48% of our net revenue in fiscal 2015 , are our core standalone horizontal, vertical, and model-based design products including AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, AutoCAD Mechanical, AutoCAD Civil 3D, AutoCAD Map, AutoCAD Architecture, 3ds Max, and Maya. • Suites, which accounted for approximately 36% of our net revenue in fiscal 2015 , are a combination of products that target a specific user objective (product design, building design, etc.) and support a set of workflows for that objective, including Autodesk Building Design Suites, Autodesk Product Design Suites, Autodesk Infrastructure Design Suites, and AutoCAD Design Suites. • New and Adjacent products, which accounted for approximately 16% of our net revenue in fiscal 2015 , are new product offerings as well as products that are not considered flagship or suites, including Moldflow, Alias Design, Autodesk Creative Finishing products, and Vault. Corporate Information We were incorporated in California in April 1982 and were reincorporated in Delaware in May 1994. Our principal executive office is located at 111 McInnis Parkway, San Rafael, California 94903, and the telephone number at that address is (415) 507-5000. Our internet address is www.autodesk.com. The information posted on our website is not incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on the Investor Relations portion of our web site at www.autodesk.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The public may also read and copy any material we file with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E. Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1 (800) SEC-0330. PRODUCTS The principal product offerings from Autodesk’s different segments are as follows: AEC Our AEC software products help to improve the way building, civil infrastructure, process plant and construction projects are designed, built, and managed. A broad portfolio of solutions enables greater efficiency, accuracy, and sustainability across the entire project lifecycle. Our AEC solutions include advanced technology for building information modeling (“BIM”), AutoCAD-based design and documentation productivity software, sustainable design analysis applications, collaboration, and project management solutions. BIM, an integrated process for building and infrastructure design, analysis, documentation, and construction, uses consistent, coordinated information to improve communication and collaboration between the extended project team. AEC provides a comprehensive portfolio of BIM solutions that help customers deliver projects faster and more economically, while minimizing environmental impact. The segment’s principal product offerings included the following during fiscal 2015 : 2015 Form 10-K 5 Table of Contents • Autodesk Building Design Suites Autodesk Building Design Suites ("BDS") give the power of BIM or CAD, with tools for modeling, visualization, and documentation. With a comprehensive set of tools, BDS gives customers the ability to manage all phases of design and construction. Three editions of BDS are available to meet each customer's particular business needs and offer the depth and breadth of the Autodesk portfolio. • Autodesk Revit Purpose-built for BIM, the Autodesk Revit products collect information about a building project and allow this information to be coordinated across all other representations of the project, so that every drawing sheet, 2D and 3D view and schedule is based on internally consistent and complete information from the same underlying building database. The Autodesk Revit products, including AutoCAD Revit Architecture Suite, AutoCAD Revit MEP Suite, and AutoCAD Revit Structure Suite, provide an intuitive, sophisticated, model-based design and documentation system for architects; mechanical, electrical, and plumbing ("MEP") engineers; structural engineers; design-build teams; and other design and building industry professionals. • Autodesk Infrastructure Design Suites The Infrastructure Design Suites are the BIM for Infrastructure design solution that combines intelligent, model-based tools to help the user to gain more accurate, accessible, and actionable insight. With unique access to the Autodesk infrastructure software portfolio, users can benefit throughout the execution and lifecycle of transportation, land, and water projects. Three editions of Infrastructure Design Suites are available to meet each customer's particular business needs and offer the depth and breadth of the Autodesk portfolio. • AutoCAD Civil 3D AutoCAD Civil 3D products provide a surveying, design, analysis, and documentation solution for civil engineering, including land development, transportation, and environmental projects. Using a model-centric approach that automatically updates documentation as design changes are made, AutoCAD Civil 3D products enable civil engineers, designers, drafters, and surveyors to significantly boost productivity and deliver higher-quality designs and construction documentation faster. With AutoCAD Civil 3D products, the entire project team works from the same consistent, up-to-date model so they stay coordinated throughout all project phases. • AutoCAD Map 3D AutoCAD Map 3D software provides direct access to data needed for infrastructure planning, design, and management activities. AutoCAD Map 3D software helps professionals working on transportation, land development, water, and power projects to more easily create, manage, and analyze design geographic information system and asset data. PSEB Our PSEB segment includes our design product, AutoCAD. Our AutoCAD product is a platform product that underpins our design product offerings for all the industries we serve. For example, our AEC and MFG segments offer tailored versions of AutoCAD software for the industries they serve. Our AutoCAD product also provides a platform for our developer partners to build custom solutions for a range of diverse design-oriented markets. PSEB's revenue primarily includes revenue from sales of licenses of our design products, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, as well as the AutoCAD Design Suite and many other design and consumer products. The segment’s principal product offerings included the following during fiscal 2015 : • AutoCAD AutoCAD software, which is our largest revenue-generating product, is a customizable and extensible computer-aided design (CAD) application for professional design, drafting, detailing, and visualization. AutoCAD software provides digital tools that can be used independently and in conjunction with other specific applications in fields ranging from construction to manufacturing, civil engineering, and process plant design. 2015 Form 10-K 6 Table of Contents • AutoCAD LT AutoCAD LT software is purpose built for professional drafting and detailing. AutoCAD LT includes document sharing capability without the need for software customization or certain advanced functionality found in our AutoCAD product. Users can share all design data with team members who use our AutoCAD product or other Autodesk products built on AutoCAD. AutoCAD LT software is our second largest revenue-generating product. MFG Our MFG segment provides manufacturers in automotive and transportation, industrial machinery, consumer products and building products with comprehensive digital prototyping solutions that bring together product data from all phases of the product development through production process to develop a single digital model created in Autodesk Inventor software. Our solutions for digital prototyping are scalable, attainable, cost-effective, and allow for real-world simulation, enabling a broad group of manufacturers to realize benefits with minimal disruption to existing workflows. MFG’s principal product offerings included the following during fiscal 2015 : • Autodesk Product Design Suites Autodesk Product Design Suites ("PDS") is a comprehensive solution for digital prototyping, delivering 3D design, visualization and simulation tools to complete the entire engineering process. The digital prototyping capabilities of PDS can help customers design better products, reduce development costs and get to market faster. Two editions of PDS are available to meet each customer's particular business needs and offer the depth and breadth of the Autodesk portfolio. • Autodesk Inventor Autodesk Inventor allows manufacturers to go beyond 3D design to digital prototyping by giving engineers a comprehensive and flexible set of tools for 3D mechanical design, simulation, analysis, tooling, visualization, and documentation. With Autodesk Inventor, engineers can integrate AutoCAD drawings and model-based design data into a single digital model, creating a virtual representation of a final product that enables them to validate the form, fit, and function of the product before it is ever built. • AutoCAD Mechanical AutoCAD Mechanical software is purpose-built to accelerate the mechanical design process. AutoCAD Mechanical software offers users significant productivity gains and helps save hours of design time by including all the functionality of AutoCAD software, in addition to comprehensive libraries of standards-based parts and tools for automating common design tasks. • Autodesk Moldflow The Autodesk Moldflow family of injection molding simulation software provides tools that help manufacturers optimize the design of plastic parts and injection molds, and study the injection molding process. M&E Our M&E segment consists of two product groups: Animation and Creative Finishing. Animation products are sold as software only and provide tools for digital sculpting, modeling, animation, effects, rendering, and compositing for design visualization, visual effects and games production. Creative Finishing products are primarily sold as turnkey solutions for editing, finishing and visual effects design and color grading. Principal product offerings in our M&E segment’s Animation and Creative Finishing product groups included the following during fiscal 2015 : Animation • Autodesk 3ds Max Autodesk 3ds Max software provides 3D modeling, animation, and rendering solutions that enable game developers, design visualization professionals and visual effects artists to digitally create realistic images, animations, and complex scenes and to digitally communicate abstract or complex mechanical, architectural, engineering, and construction concepts. 2015 Form 10-K 7 Table of Contents • Autodesk Maya Autodesk Maya software provides 3D modeling, animation, effects, rendering and compositing solutions that enable film and video artists, game developers, and design visualization professionals to digitally create engaging, lifelike images, realistic animations and simulations, extraordinary visual effects, and full length animated feature films. Creative Finishing • Autodesk Flame, Autodesk Smoke, and Autodesk Lustre Autodesk Flame software is an interactive real-time design, finishing, grading, and visual effects solution for supervised post-production. Autodesk Smoke software is a non-linear and non-compressed online editing, effects, and finishing software application and is used in commercials, music videos, corporate video, film as well as broadcast design projects. Autodesk Lustre software is a high-performance color grading solution used by artists for creative look development and final color and lighting effects for both film and television. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT AND INTRODUCTION The technology industry is characterized by rapid technological change in computer hardware, operating systems, and software. In addition, our customers’ requirements and preferences rapidly evolve, as do their expectations of the performance of our software. To keep pace with these changes, we maintain a vigorous program of new product development to address demands in the marketplace for our products. The software industry is undergoing a transition from the personal computer to cloud, social, and mobile computing. In fiscal 2015, we continued to successfully implement a strategic transition of our business model announced in fiscal 2014. We accelerated our move to the cloud and expanded our flexible product license offerings. We introduced Desktop Subscription (formerly known as rental) for a broader range of our product portfolio, expanded our new token-based licensing program to more enterprise customers, and continued to expand our industry leading cloud based offerings. These offerings are designed to give our customers even more value and flexibility to use our products, and also to attract new types of customers, such as project-based users and small businesses that have more variable needs. Further, to support our transition, we have discontinued licensing upgrades effective March 6, 2015 and, on February 4, 2015, we also announced that new commercial seats of most standalone software products will be available only by desktop subscription beginning February 1, 2016. Collectively, these measures helped increase many of our performance metrics including billings, deferred revenue, and subscriptions, which will result in more predictable and ratable revenue over time. We dedicate considerable technical and financial resources to research and development to further enhance our existing products and to create new products and technologies. For example, in fiscal 2015, we announced that we would create Spark, a 3D printing software platform for developers to facilitate the advancement of 3D printing technology and begin manufacturing and selling Ember, an Autodesk-branded 3D printer. The Ember 3D printer became available for consumer purchase in February 2015. Research and development expenditures were $ 725.2 million or 29% of fiscal 2015 net revenue, $ 611.1 million or 27% of fiscal 2014 net revenue and $ 600.0 million or 26% of fiscal 2013 net revenue. Our software is primarily developed internally; however, we also use independent firms and contractors to perform some of our product development activities. Additionally, we acquire products or technology developed by others by purchasing or licensing products and technology from third parties. We continually review these investments in an effort to ensure that we are generating sufficient revenue or gaining a competitive advantage to justify their costs. The majority of our research and product development is performed in the United States, China, Singapore, and Canada. However, we employ experienced software developers in many of our other locations. Translation and localization of our products are performed in a number of local markets, principally Singapore and Switzerland. We generally localize and translate our products into German, French, Italian, Spanish, Russian, Japanese, Korean, and simplified and traditional Chinese. We plan to continue to manage significant product development operations internationally over the next several years. We believe that our ability to conduct research and development at various locations throughout the world allows us to optimize product development, lower costs, and integrate local market knowledge into our development activities. We continually assess the significant costs and challenges, including intellectual property protection, against the benefits of our international development activities. 2015 Form 10-K 8 Table of Contents In addition, our business and our customers benefit from our relationships with a network of over 4,000 third-party developers who develop and sell their own products that further enhance the range of integrated solutions available to our customers. For further discussion regarding risks from our product development and introduction efforts, see Item 1A , “ Risk Factors .” MARKETING AND SALES We license or sell our products and services globally, primarily through indirect channels consisting of distributors and resellers. To a lesser extent we also transact directly with a select set of customers who are primarily large corporations. Our indirect channel model includes both a two-tiered distribution structure, where distributors sell to resellers, and a one-tiered structure, where Autodesk sells directly to resellers. We have a network of approximately 2,200 resellers and distributors worldwide. For fiscal 2015 , approximately 83% of our revenue was derived from indirect channel sales through distributors and resellers, and we expect that the majority of our revenue will continue to be derived from indirect channel sales in the future. We anticipate that our channel mix will change to support our new business model and plan to proactively work with our channel partners to ensure a smooth transition. We employ a variety of incentive programs and promotions to align our reseller channel with our business strategies. Sales through our largest distributor, Tech Data Corporation and its affiliates, accounted for 25% , 24% , and 23% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , respectively. We believe our business is not substantially dependent on Tech Data. Our customers through Tech Data are the resellers and end users who purchase our software licenses and services. Should any of the agreements between us and Tech Data be terminated for any reason, we believe the resellers and end users who currently purchase our products through Tech Data would be able to continue to do so under substantially the same terms from one of our many other distributors without substantial disruption to our revenue. No other distributor, reseller, or direct customer accounted for 10% or more of our revenue. Our customer-related operations are divided into three geographic regions, the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (“EMEA”), and Asia Pacific (“APAC”). Each geographic region is supported by global marketing and sales organizations. These organizations develop and manage overall marketing and sales programs and work closely with a network of domestic and international sales offices. Fiscal 2015 net revenue in the Americas, EMEA, and APAC was $ 898.0 million ( 36% ), $ 980.0 million ( 39% ), and $ 634.2 million ( 25% ), respectively. We intend to continue to make our products available in foreign languages. We believe that international sales will continue to comprise the majority of our total net revenue. Adverse economic conditions and currency exchange rates in the countries that contribute a significant portion of our net revenue, including emerging economies, may have an adverse effect on our business in those countries and our overall financial performance. A summary of our financial information by geographic location is found in Note 13 , “ Segments ,” in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Our international operations and sales subject us to a variety of risks; see Item 1A , “ Risk Factors ,” for further discussion. We also work directly with reseller and distributor sales organizations, computer manufacturers, other software developers, and peripherals manufacturers in cooperative advertising, promotions, and trade-show presentations. We employ mass-marketing techniques such as webcasts, seminars, telemarketing, direct mailings, sponsorships, advertising in business and trade journals, and social media. We have a worldwide user group organization and we have created online user communities dedicated to the exchange of information related to the use of our products. In addition to sales of new perpetual use software licenses, we generate revenue through several subscription-based business models. The largest is our maintenance program, under which customers who own a perpetual use license for the most recent version of the underlying product are able to purchase maintenance that provides them with unspecified upgrades when-and-if-available and are able to download e-Learning courses and receive online support over a one year or multi-year maintenance service period. We also offer more flexible term-based license offerings to our customers. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our distributor and reseller networks. The loss of, or a significant reduction in, business with any one of our major distributors or large resellers could harm our business; see Item 1A , “ Risk Factors ,” for further discussion. 2015 Form 10-K 9 Table of Contents CUSTOMER AND RESELLER SUPPORT We provide technical support and training to customers through a leveraged support model, augmented by direct programs designed to address certain specific needs. Our customers rely primarily on the resellers and distributors from which they purchased licenses to our products for technical support; however, we do provide certain direct support for some of our customers. We support our resellers and distributors through technical product training, sales training classes, the Internet, and telephone. We also provide online support directly to our customers through our maintenance program. There are also a number of user group forums in which customers are able to share information. EDUCATION, SUSTAINABILITY, AND PHILANTHROPIC PROGRAMS Education Our Education initiatives inspire the youth of today to imagine, design, and create a better world by offering free educational licenses of Autodesk software worldwide to students, educators, and educational institutions. We help fuel a lifelong passion for design in students of all ages and collaborate with educators, institutions, and partners that encourage design learning and further Science, Technology, Engineering, Digital Arts, and Math (STEAM) education objectives. Within the secondary and postsecondary global education markets, our learning content and standards based curriculum enable tomorrow’s workforce to graduate industry-ready, with marketable design skills that are in high demand. Whether these students are future professional designers or lifelong design hobbyists, our full portfolio of professional-grade and personal design products introduces students and educators at all levels to software that can unleash their creativity. Sustainability To help our customers imagine, design, and create a better world, our Sustainability Programs focus our efforts where we can have the greatest impact: providing sustainability solutions, delivering sustainable design learning and training opportunities, expanding access to technology, and leading by example with our sustainable business practices. This benefits our customers, who use our products and services to improve design decisions that have substantial and long-term environmental impacts. Through access to free resources including the Autodesk Sustainability Workshop, Building Performance Analysis Certificate ("BPAC") Program and building design courses, students and professionals are learning how to use design technology and analytics to make better, more sustainable design decisions during the design process. Philanthropy The Autodesk Foundation (the "Foundation"), a privately funded 501(c)(3) charity organization established and solely funded by us, leads our philanthropic efforts. The purpose of the Foundation is twofold: to support employees to create a better world at work, at home, and in the community by matching employee’s volunteer time and/or donations to nonprofit organizations; and to support organizations and individuals using design to drive positive social and environmental impact. In the latter case, we use grant funding, software donations, and training to accomplish this goal, selecting the most impactful and innovative organizations around the world, thus, leading to a better future for our planet. On our behalf, the Foundation also administers a discounted software donation program to nonprofit organizations, social and environmental entrepreneurs, and others who are developing design solutions that will shape a more sustainable future. DEVELOPER PROGRAMS One of our key strategies is to maintain an open-architecture design of our software products to facilitate third-party development of complementary products and industry-specific software solutions. This approach enables customers and third parties to customize solutions for a wide variety of highly specific uses. We offer several programs that provide marketing, sales, technical support, and programming tools to developers who develop add-on applications for our products. Over 4,000 developers in the Autodesk Developer Network create interoperable products that further enhance the range of integrated solutions available to our customers. COMPETITION The markets for our products are highly competitive and subject to rapid change. We strive to increase our competitive separation by investing in research and development, allowing us to bring new products to market and create exciting new versions of existing products that offer compelling efficiencies for our customers. We also compete through investments in marketing and sales to more effectively reach new customers and better serve existing customers. 2015 Form 10-K 10 Table of Contents Our competitors include large, global, publicly traded companies; small, geographically focused firms; startup firms; and solutions produced in-house by their users. Our primary global competitors in the PSEB, AEC, and MFG segments include Adobe Systems Incorporated, ANSYS, Inc., AVEVA Group plc, Bentley Systems, Incorporated, Dassault Systèmes S.A. and its subsidiary Dassault Systèmes SolidWorks Corp., Environmental Systems Research Institute, Inc. (ESRI), Intergraph Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hexagon AB, MSC Software Corporation, Nemetschek AG, PTC, 3D Systems, Seimens PLM, and Trimble Navigation Limited. Our M&E segment also competes with a wide range of different companies from large, global, publicly-traded companies to small private entities. Large organizations that produce products that compete in some or all of our markets include Adobe Systems Incorporated, Apple Inc., Avid Technology, Inc., SONY Corporation, and Technicolor, among others. The media and entertainment market is highly fragmented with complex interdependencies between many of the larger businesses. As a result, some of our competitors also own subsidiaries that are our customers or our partners in developing or bringing to market some of our solutions. In addition to traditional competitors in developed economies, we encounter new competitors in emerging economies. The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of computing power with continually expanding performance at progressively lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The industry is presently undergoing a platform shift from the personal computer to cloud and mobile computing. This shift further lowers barriers to entry and poses a disruptive challenge to established software companies. The design software market is characterized by vigorous competition in each of the vertical markets in which we compete, both from existing competitors and by entry of new competitors with innovative technologies. Competition is increasingly enhanced by consolidation of companies with complementary products and technologies and the possibility that competitors in one vertical segment may enter other vertical segments that we serve. In addition, some of our competitors in certain markets have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources than we do. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in these industries are likely to continue to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in price reductions, reduced net revenue and profit margins, and loss of market share, any of which could harm our business. See Item 1A , “ Risk Factors ,” for further discussion of risks regarding competition. We believe that our future results depend largely upon our ability to better serve customers by offering new products, including cloud and mobile computing products, whether by internal development or acquisition, and to continue to provide existing product offerings that compete favorably with respect to ease of use, reliability, performance, range of useful features, continuing product enhancements, reputation, price, and training. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND LICENSES We maintain an active program to legally protect our investment in technology through intellectual property rights. We protect our intellectual property through a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret protections, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions. The nature and extent of legal protection associated with each such intellectual property right depends on, among other things, the type of intellectual property right and the given jurisdiction in which such right arises. We believe that our intellectual property rights are valuable and important to our business, including each of our segments. Nonetheless, our intellectual property rights may not be successfully asserted in the future or may be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. In addition, the laws and enforcement of the laws of various foreign countries where our products are distributed do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. Enforcement of intellectual property rights against alleged infringers can sometimes lead to costly litigation and counterclaims. Our inability to protect our proprietary information could harm our business. From time to time, we receive claims alleging infringement of a third party’s intellectual property rights, including patents. Disputes involving our intellectual property rights or those of another party have in the past and may in the future lead to, among other things, costly litigation or product shipment delays, which could harm our business. We retain ownership of software we develop. Desktop software is licensed to users pursuant to ‘click through’ or signed license agreements containing restrictions on duplication, disclosure, and transfer. Cloud software and associated services are provided to users pursuant to on-line or signed terms of service agreements containing restrictions on access and use. 2015 Form 10-K 11 Table of Contents We believe that because of the limitations of laws protecting our intellectual property and the rapid, ongoing technological changes in both the computer hardware and software industries, we must rely principally upon software engineering and marketing skills to continually maintain and enhance our competitive market position. While we have recovered some revenue resulting from the unauthorized use of our software products, we are unable to measure the full extent to which piracy of our software products exists. We believe, however, that software piracy is and can be expected to be a persistent problem that negatively impacts our revenue and financial results. We believe that our transition from perpetual use software licenses to a subscription-based business model combined with the change from desktop to cloud-based computing will shift the incentives and means by which software is pirated. In addition, through various licensing arrangements, we receive certain rights to intellectual property of others. We expect to maintain current licensing arrangements and to secure licensing arrangements in the future, as needed and to the extent available on reasonable terms and conditions, to support continued development and sales of our products and services. Some of these licensing arrangements require or may require royalty payments and other licensing fees. The amount of these payments and fees may depend on various factors, including but not limited to: the structure of royalty payments, offsetting considerations, if any, and the degree of use of the licensed technology. See Item 1A , “ Risk Factors ,” for further discussion of risks related to protecting our intellectual property. PRODUCTION AND SUPPLIERS The production of our PSEB, AEC, MFG, and certain M&E software products involves duplication of the software media. The purchase of media and the transfer of the software programs onto media for distribution to customers are performed by us and by licensed subcontractors. Media for our products such as DVDs and USB flash drives are available from multiple sources. For certain products and countries, we offer customers an electronic software download option for both initial product fulfillment as well as product updates for maintenance subscribers. Customers who choose electronic fulfillment receive the latest version of the software from our vendor’s secure servers. For certain cloud-based products, we use a combination of co-located hosting facilities as well as infrastructure-as-a-service providers like Amazon Web Services. Packaging materials are produced to our specifications by outside sources. Production is performed in leased facilities operated by independent third-party contractors. To date, we have not experienced any material difficulties or delays in the production of our software and documentation. EMPLOYEES As of January 31, 2015 , we employed approximately 8,823 people. None of our employees in the United States are represented by a labor union. In certain foreign countries, our employees are represented by work councils. We have never experienced any work stoppages and believe our employee relations are good. Reliance upon employees in other countries entails various risks and changes in these foreign countries, such as government instability or regulation unfavorable to foreign-owned businesses, which could negatively impact our business in the future. 2015 Form 10-K 12 Table of Contents ACQUISITIONS Over the past three years, we acquired new technology or supplemented our technology by purchasing businesses or certain technology related assets focused in specific markets or industries. For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 , we acquired a number of companies and certain technology related assets, some of which were accounted for as business combinations. The following were key acquisitions for fiscal years 2015 , 2014 , and 2013 : Date of closing Company Details June 2014 Shotgun Software Inc. ("Shotgun") The acquisition of Shotgun provides a cloud-based production management solution that enables digital studios to track, schedule, review, and collaborate on projects and images. Shotgun was integrated, and the related goodwill has been assigned to, Autodesk's M&E reportable segment. May 2014 Within Technologies Limited ("Within”) The acquisition of Within will accelerate Autodesk’s development of tools and technologies for advanced manufacturing, including 3D printing. Within was integrated into, and the related goodwill has been assigned to, Autodesk’s PSEB reportable segment. February 2014 Delcam plc (“Delcam”) The acquisition of Delcam provides Autodesk a range of design, manufacturing and inspection software that enables automated CADCAM solutions for a variety of industries, ranging from aerospace to toys and sports equipment. Delcam was integrated into, and the related goodwill has been assigned to, Autodesk's MFG reportable segment. November 2013 Graitec SA (“Graitec”) The acquisition of Graitec (including Graitec’s Advance Steel and Advance Concrete product lines, and associated employees) enhanced Autodesk’s offerings for structural engineering and expanded our portfolio of technology for BIM for structural fabrication and detailing. Graitec was integrated into Autodesk’s AEC segment. December 2012 PI-VR GmbH ("PI-VR") The PI-VR acquisition brings sophisticated visualization solutions that will strengthen and enhance our expertise in and offerings for automotive visualization. PI-VR has been integrated into, and the related goodwill was assigned to, the MFG segment. October 2012 Qontext ("Qontext") The Qontext acquisition provides us with an enterprise business and social collaboration platform which extends our reach into design networks via contextual workflows. This also expands our expertise in cloud and social networking by supplementing existing knowledge in cloud, web, and mobile development. Qontext has been integrated into, and the related goodwill was assigned to, the PSEB segment. August 2012 Socialcam, Inc. ("Socialcam") The Socialcam acquisition strengthens our ability to make our product line more social, and deliver more mobile/web oriented products. In addition, the acquisition integrated with Autodesk 360 to further provide collaboration features to our professional customers. Socialcam has been integrated into, and the related goodwill was assigned to, the PSEB segment. June 2012 Vela Systems, Inc. ("Vela") The Vela acquisition provides a platform to deliver project information to the point of construction. Vela, integrated with Navisworks, augments the model-based data created in Revit, establishing a bi-direction and visual link between model elements and relevant information - streamlining the information management process from design through construction to hand-over and into operations. In addition, this acquisition delivers model-based construction via mobile and cloud. Vela has been integrated into, and the related goodwill was assigned to, the AEC segment. BACKLOG We typically ship products shortly after receipt of an order, which is common in the software industry. Our backlog consists of current software license product orders which have not yet shipped. The category of current software license product orders which we have not yet shipped consists of orders from customers with approved credit status for currently available software products. Backlog was $ 40.4 million at January 31, 2015 compared to $ 19.7 million at January 31, 2014 . The actual amount of backlog at any particular time may not be a meaningful indicator of future business prospects as this amount is impacted by a number of factors not related to future trends or events such as the order fulfillment process, the method of software delivery or the linearity of our business within the fiscal period. GLOSSARY OF TERMS Billings — Amounts billed to customers during the current fiscal period net of any partner incentives or other discounts. 2015 Form 10-K 13 Table of Contents BIM (Building Information Modeling) — BIM describes a model-based technology linked with a database of project information, and is the process of generating and managing information throughout the life cycle of a building. BIM is used as a digital representation of the building process to facilitate exchange and interoperability of information in digital formats. Constant currency growth rates — We attempt to represent the changes in the underlying business operations by eliminating fluctuations caused by changes in foreign currency exchange rates as well as eliminating hedge gains or losses recorded within the current and comparative periods. Our constant currency methodology removes all hedging gains and losses from the calculation. Digital prototyping — Digital prototyping allows designers, architects and engineers to analyze, simulate, and visualize a design using a digital or virtual model rather than a physical model. Flagship — Autodesk flagship products are our core design products. Flagship includes the following products: 3ds Max, AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, AutoCAD vertical products (such as AutoCAD Architecture and Mechanical), Civil 3D, Inventor products (standalone), Map 3D, Maya, and Revit products (standalone). License and Other revenue — License and other revenue consists of two components: (1) all forms of product license revenue and (2) other revenue. Product license revenue includes software license revenue from the sale of seat licenses, term-based licenses from our desktop subscription and enterprise offerings, and product revenue for Creative Finishing. Other revenue includes revenue from consulting, training, Autodesk Developers Network and Creative Finishing customer support, and is recognized over time, as the services are performed. Maintenance — Our maintenance program provides our customers with a cost effective and predictable budgetary option to obtain the productivity benefits of our new releases and enhancements when and if released during the term of their contracts. Under our maintenance program, customers are eligible to receive unspecified upgrades when and if available, downloadable training courses and online support. We recognize maintenance revenue over the term of the agreements, generally between one and three years. New and Adjacent — Autodesk new and adjacent products include Autodesk's new product offerings as well as products that are not included in flagship or suites. New and adjacent includes the following services and products: Autodesk Alias Design products, Autodesk 360 products, Autodesk Consulting, Autodesk Simulation, Autodesk Simulation Multiphysics, Autodesk Buzzsaw, Autodesk CF Design, Autodesk Constructware, Autodesk Consumer products, Autodesk Creative Finishing products, Delcam products, Autodesk Moldflow products, Autodesk Navisworks, Autodesk Scaleform, Autodesk Vault products, and all other products. Suites — Autodesk design suites are a combination of products that target a specific user objective (product design, building design, etc.) and support a set of workflows for that objective. Our current design and creation suites include: AutoCAD Design Suite, Autodesk Building Design Suite, Autodesk Entertainment Creation Suite, Autodesk Factory Design Suite, Autodesk Infrastructure Design Suite, Autodesk Plant Design Suite, and Autodesk Product Design Suite. Subscription revenue — Autodesk subscription revenue consists of three components: (1) maintenance revenue from our software products; (2) maintenance revenue from our term-based desktop subscription and enterprise offerings; and (3) revenue from our cloud service offerings. Total Subscriptions —Consists of subscriptions from our maintenance, desktop, cloud service and enterprise license offerings that are active as of the quarter end date. For certain cloud based and enterprise license offerings, subscriptions represent the monthly average activity reported within the last three months of the quarter end date. Total subscriptions do not include data from education offerings, consumer product offerings, certain Creative Finishing product offerings, Autodesk Buzzsaw, Autodesk Constructware, and third party products. Subscriptions acquired with the acquisition of a business are captured once the data conforms to our subscription count methodology and when added, may cause variability in the comparison of this calculation. 2015 Form 10-K 14 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, a number of which are beyond our control. In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, the following discussion highlights some of these risks and the possible impact of these factors on our business, financial condition, and future results of operations. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely impacted, causing the trading price of our common stock to decline. In addition, these risks and uncertainties may impact the “forward-looking” statements described elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially from those expressed in “forward-looking” statements. Global economic and political conditions may further impact our business, financial results, and financial condition. As our business has expanded globally, we have increasingly become subject to risks arising from adverse changes in global economic and political conditions. The past several years were characterized by weak global economic conditions, volatile credit markets, relatively high unemployment, a low level of liquidity in many financial markets, increased government deficit spending and debt levels, uncertainty about certain governments' abilities to repay such debt or to address certain fiscal issues, and volatility in many financial instrument markets. If economic growth in countries where we do business slows, or if such countries experience further economic recessions, customers may delay or reduce technology purchases. This could result in reductions in sales of our products and services, longer sales cycles, and slower adoption of our technologies. Over the past several years, many of our customers have experienced tighter credit, negative financial news, and weaker financial performance of their businesses and have reduced their workforces, thereby reducing the number of licenses and the number of maintenance contracts they purchase from us. In addition, a number of our customers rely, directly and indirectly, on government spending. Current debt balances of many countries without proportionate increases in revenues have caused many countries to reduce spending and in some cases have forced those countries to restructure their debt in an effort to avoid defaulting under those obligations. This has not only impacted those countries but others that are holders of such debt and those assisting in such restructuring. These actions may impact, and over the past several years have negatively impacted, our business, financial results, and financial condition. Moreover, our financial performance may be negatively impacted by: • lack of credit available to and the insolvency of key channel partners, which may impair our distribution channels and cash flows; • counterparty failures negatively impacting our treasury functions, including timely access to our cash reserves and third-party fulfillment of hedging transactions; • counterparty failures negatively affecting our insured risks; • inability of banks to honor our existing line of credit, which could increase our borrowing expenses or eliminate our ability to obtain short-term financing; and • decreased borrowing and spending by our end users on small and large projects in the industries we serve, thereby reducing demand for our products. Uncertainty about current and future economic and political conditions on us, our customers and partners, makes it difficult for us to forecast operating results and to make decisions about future investments. A slower economic recovery in industries important to our business may adversely affect our business, financial results, and financial condition. If a macro-economic recovery does not occur as rapidly as anticipated, our ability to meet our long-term financial targets may also be adversely affected. If we fail to successfully manage our business model transition to cloud-based products and more flexible product licenses, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. To address the industry transition from personal computer to cloud, social, and mobile computing, we have accelerated our move to the cloud and are offering more flexible product licenses. As part of this transition, we announced in fiscal 2014 that we are discontinuing upgrades after fiscal 2015 and, on February 4, 2015, we also announced that new commercial seats of 2015 Form 10-K 15 Table of Contents most standalone software products will be available only by desktop subscription beginning February 1, 2016. As a result, we expect to derive an increasing portion of our revenues in the future from subscriptions. This subscription model prices and delivers our products in a way that differs from the historical perpetual pricing and delivery methods. These changes reflect a significant shift from perpetual license sales and distribution of our software in favor of providing our customers the right to access certain of our software in a hosted environment or use downloaded software for a specified subscription period. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is subject to risks and uncertainties. The new offerings require a considerable investment of technical, financial, legal, and sales resources, and a scalable organization. Market acceptance of such offerings is affected by a variety of factors, including but not limited to: security, reliability, performance, current license terms, customer preference, social/community engagement, customer concerns with entrusting a third party to store and manage their data, public concerns regarding privacy and the enactment of restrictive laws or regulations. Whether our business model transition will prove successful and will accomplish our business and financial objectives is subject to numerous uncertainties, including but not limited to: customer demand, attach and renewal rates, channel acceptance, our ability to further develop and scale infrastructure, our ability to include functionality and usability in such offerings that address customer requirements, tax and accounting implications, pricing, and our costs. In addition, the metrics we use to gauge the status of our business model transition may evolve over the course of the transition as significant trends emerge. If we are unable to successfully establish these new offerings and navigate our business model transition in light of the foregoing risks and uncertainties, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance, costs related to product defects, and large expenditures that may not result in additional net revenue or could result in decreased net revenue. Rapid technological changes, as well as changes in customer requirements and preferences, characterize the software industry. Just as the transition from mainframes to personal computers transformed the industry 30 years ago, we believe our industry is undergoing a similar transition from the personal computer to cloud, mobile, and social computing. Customers are also reconsidering the manner in which they license software products, which requires us to constantly evaluate our business model and strategy. In response, we are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. We are also developing consumer products for digital art, personal design and creativity, and home design. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies. In addition, we frequently introduce new business models or methods that require a considerable investment of technical and financial resources such as an increase in our portfolio of, and focus on, suites and, most recently, our introduction of flexible license and service offerings. We are making such investments through further development and enhancement of our existing products and services, as well as through acquisitions of new product lines. Such investments may not result in sufficient revenue generation to justify their costs and could result in decreased net revenue. For example, in fiscal 2015, we announced that we would create Spark, a 3D printing software platform for developers to facilitate the advancement of 3D printing technology, and begin manufacturing and selling Ember, an Autodesk-branded 3D printer. If we are not able to meet customer requirements, either with respect to our software or hardware products or the manner in which we provide such products, or if we are not able to adapt our business model to meet our customers' requirements, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted. In particular, a critical component of our growth strategy is to have customers of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products expand their portfolios to include our suites and cloud-based services. We want customers using standalone Autodesk products to expand their portfolio with our suites and cloud-based offerings, and we are taking steps to accelerate this migration. At times, sales of licenses of our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT or standalone Autodesk flagship products have decreased without a corresponding increase in suites product or cloud-based services revenue or without purchases of customer seats to our suites. Should this continue, our results of operations will be adversely affected. Also, adoption of our cloud and mobile computing offerings and changes in the delivery of our software and services to our customers, such as desktop subscription (formally referred to as rental) offerings, will change the way in which we recognize revenue relating to our software and services, with a potential negative impact on our financial performance. The accounting impact of these offerings and other business decisions are expected to result in an increase in the percentage of our ratable revenue, as well as recurring revenue, making for a more predictable business over time, while potentially reducing our upfront perpetual revenue stream. Additionally, the software products we offer are complex, and despite extensive testing and quality control, may contain errors or defects. These errors or defects could result in the need for corrective releases to our software products, damage to our reputation, loss of revenue, an increase in product returns or lack of market acceptance of our products, any of which would likely harm our business. Our executive management team must act quickly, continuously, and with vision, given the rapidly changing customer expectations and technology advancements inherent in the software industry, the extensive and complex efforts required to 2015 Form 10-K 16 Table of Contents create useful and widely accepted products and the rapid evolution of cloud computing, mobile devices, new computing platforms, and other technologies, such as consumer products. Although we have articulated a strategy that we believe will fulfill these challenges, if we fail to execute properly on that strategy or adapt that strategy as market conditions evolve, we may fail to meet our customers' expectations, fail to compete with our competitors' products and technology, and lose the confidence of our channel partners and employees. This in turn could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our entry into 3D printing presents many of the risks described above concerning developing and introducing new products as well as new risks for us. The manufacturing and 3D printing markets are highly competitive and some of our competitors have superior experience and resources to us. We have limited experience designing, developing, and selling hardware products and no experience developing and selling printers. The market for 3D printing is nascent and may not develop as rapidly as we expect. Our sale of 3D printers could subject us to product and other liability that we do not currently face. If any of these risks materialize, it could adversely affect our business and financial performance as well as our reputation and brand. We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant regulatory, global economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political instability, and other risks, which could adversely impact our financial results. We are dependent on our international operations for a significant portion of our revenue. International net revenue represented 71% and 70% of our net revenue in fiscal 2015 and 2014 , respectively. Our international revenue, including that from emerging economies, is subject to general economic and political conditions in foreign markets, including conditions in foreign markets resulting from economic and political conditions in the U.S. Our revenue is also impacted by the relative geographical and country mix of our revenue over time. At times, these factors adversely impact our international revenue, and consequently our business as a whole. Our dependency on international revenue makes us much more exposed to global economic and political trends, which can negatively impact our financial results, even if our results in the U.S. are strong for a particular period. Further, a significant portion of our earnings from our international operations may not be freely transferable to the U.S. due to remittance restrictions, adverse tax consequences or other factors. Our intent is that amounts related to foreign earnings permanently reinvested outside the U.S. will remain outside the U.S., and we will meet our U.S. liquidity needs through ongoing cash flows, external borrowings (such as our senior notes), or both. However, if, in the future, amounts held by foreign subsidiaries are needed to fund our operations in the U.S., or to service our external borrowings, the repatriation of such amounts to the U.S. could result in a significant incremental tax liability in the period in which the decision to repatriate occurs and payment of any such tax liability would reduce the cash available to fund our operations. We anticipate that our international operations will continue to account for a significant portion of our net revenue, and, as we expand our international development, sales and marketing expertise, will provide significant support to our overall efforts in countries outside of the U.S. Risks inherent in our international operations include: • fluctuating currency exchange rates, including risks related to any hedging activities we undertake; • unexpected changes in regulatory requirements and practices; • delays resulting from difficulty in obtaining export licenses for certain technology; • tariffs, quotas, and other trade barriers and restrictions; • transportation delays; • operating in locations with a higher incidence of corruption and fraudulent business practices, particularly in emerging economies; • increasing enforcement by the U.S. under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, adoption of stricter anti-corruption laws in certain countries, including the United Kingdom; • difficulties in staffing and managing foreign sales and development operations, • longer collection cycles for accounts receivable; 2015 Form 10-K 17 Table of Contents • potential changes in tax laws, including possible U.S. and foreign tax law changes that, if enacted, could significantly impact how multinational companies are taxed; • tax arrangements with foreign governments, including our ability to meet and renew the terms of those tax arrangements; • laws regarding the management of and access to data and public networks; • possible future limitations upon foreign owned businesses; • increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; • inadequate local infrastructure; • greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property; and • other factors beyond our control, including popular uprisings, terrorism, war, natural disasters, and diseases. Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks. Existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes may reduce our revenue and profits. The software industry has limited barriers to entry, and the availability of computing devices with continually expanding performance at progressively lower prices contributes to the ease of market entry. The industry is presently undergoing a platform shift from the personal computer to cloud and mobile computing. This shift further lowers barriers to entry and poses a disruptive challenge to established software companies. The markets in which we compete are characterized by vigorous competition, both by entry of competitors with innovative technologies and by consolidation of companies with complementary products and technologies. In addition, some of our competitors in certain markets have greater financial, technical, sales and marketing, and other resources. Furthermore, a reduction in the number and availability of compatible third-party applications, or our inability to rapidly adapt to technological and customer preference changes, including those related to cloud computing, mobile devices, and new computing platforms, may adversely affect the sale of our products. Because of these and other factors, competitive conditions in the industry are likely to intensify in the future. Increased competition could result in price reductions, reduced net revenue and profit margins and loss of market share, any of which would likely harm our business. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. Because we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside the U.S. and we make certain business and resource decisions based on assumptions about foreign currency, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and economic conditions change, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. We use derivative instruments to manage a portion of our cash flow exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. As part of our risk management strategy, we use foreign currency contracts to manage a portion of our exposures of underlying assets, liabilities, and other obligations, which exist as part of our ongoing business operations. These foreign currency instruments have maturities that extend for one to twelve months in the future, and provide us with some protection against currency exposures. However, our attempts to hedge against these risks may not be completely successful, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial results. The fluctuations of currencies in which we conduct business can both increase and decrease our overall revenue and expenses for any given fiscal period. Although our foreign currency cash flow hedge program extends beyond the current quarter in order to reduce our exposure to foreign currency volatility, we do not attempt to completely mitigate this risk, and in any case, will incur transaction fees in adopting such hedging programs. Such volatility, even when it increases our revenues or decreases our expenses, impacts our ability to accurately predict our future results and earnings. 2015 Form 10-K 18 Table of Contents If we do not maintain good relationships with the members of our distribution channel, or achieve anticipated levels of sell-through, our ability to generate revenue will be adversely affected. If our distribution channel suffers financial losses, becomes financially unstable or insolvent, or is not provided the right mix of incentives to sell our products, our ability to generate revenue will be adversely affected. We sell our software products both directly to end-users and through a network of distributors and resellers. For fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 , approximately 83% and 84% of our revenue was derived from indirect channel sales through distributors and resellers, respectively, and we expect that the majority of our revenue will continue to be derived from indirect channel sales in the future. Our ability to effectively distribute our products depends in part upon the financial and business condition of our distributor and reseller network. Computer software distributors and resellers typically are not highly capitalized, have previously experienced difficulties during times of economic contraction and experienced difficulties during the past several years. We have processes to ensure that we assess the creditworthiness of distributors and resellers prior to our sales to them. In the past we have taken steps to support them, and may take additional steps in the future, such as extending credit terms and providing temporary discounts. These steps, if taken, could harm our financial results. If our distributors and resellers were to become insolvent, they would not be able to maintain their business and sales, or provide customer support services, which would negatively impact our business and revenue. We rely significantly upon major distributors and resellers in both the U.S. and international regions, including the distributor Tech Data Corporation and its global affiliates (“Tech Data”). Tech Data accounted for 25% and 24% of our total net revenue for fiscal 2015 and 2014 , respectively. Although we believe that we are not substantially dependent on Tech Data, if Tech Data were to experience a significant disruption with its business or if our relationship with Tech Data were to significantly deteriorate, it is possible that our ability to sell to end users would be, at least temporarily, negatively impacted. This could in turn negatively impact our financial results. Over time, we have modified and will continue to modify aspects of our relationship with our distributors and resellers, such as their incentive programs, pricing to them and our distribution model to motivate and reward them for aligning their businesses with our strategy and business objectives. Changes in these relationships and underlying programs could negatively impact their business and harm our business. In addition, the loss of or a significant reduction in business with those distributors or resellers or the failure to achieve anticipated levels of sell-through with any one of our major international distributors or large resellers could harm our business. In particular, if one or more of such distributors or resellers were unable to meet their obligations with respect to accounts payable to us, we could be forced to write off such accounts and may be required to delay the recognition of revenue on future sales to these customers. These events could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Our financial results fluctuate within each quarter and from quarter to quarter making our future revenue and financial results difficult to predict. Our quarterly financial results have fluctuated in the past and will continue to do so in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to change significantly or experience declines. In addition to the other factors described in this Part I , Item 1A , some of the factors that could cause our financial results to fluctuate include: • general market, economic, business, and political conditions in particular geographies, including Europe, APAC, and emerging economies; • failure to produce sufficient revenue, billings or subscription growth, and profitability; • failure to achieve anticipated levels of customer acceptance to our business model transition, including the impact of the end of upgrades and perpetual licenses; • weak or negative growth in one or more of the industries we serve, including AEC, manufacturing, and digital media and entertainment markets; • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the effectiveness of our hedging activity; • failure to achieve and maintain cost reductions and productivity increases; • dependence on and the timing of large transactions; 2015 Form 10-K 19 Table of Contents • changes in product mix, pricing pressure or changes in product pricing; • changes in billings linearity; • the ability of governments around the world to adopt fiscal policies, meet their financial and debt obligations, and to finance infrastructure projects; • lower growth or contraction of our maintenance program; • restructuring or other accounting charges and unexpected costs or other operating expenses; • failure to expand our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT customer base to related design products and services; • our inability to rapidly adapt to technological and customer preference changes, including those related to cloud computing, mobile devices, new computing platforms, and 3D printing; • the timing of the introduction of new products by us or our competitors; • the success of new business or sales initiatives and increasing our portfolio of product suites; • the financial and business condition of our reseller and distribution channels; • failure to accurately predict the impact of acquired businesses or to identify and realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, and successfully integrate such acquired businesses and technologies; • perceived or actual technical or other problems with a product or combination of products; • unexpected or negative outcomes of matters and expenses relating to litigation or regulatory inquiries; • increases in cloud services-related expenses; • security breaches and potential financial penalties to customers and government entities; • timing of additional investments in the development of our platform or deployment of our services; • timing of product releases and retirements; • changes in tax laws or regulations, tax arrangements with foreign governments or accounting rules, such as increased use of fair value measures; • changes in revenue recognition or other accounting guidelines employed by us and/or established by the Financial Accounting Standards Board or other rule-making bodies; • changes in sales compensation practices; • failure to effectively implement our copyright legalization programs, especially in developing countries; • failure to achieve sufficient sell-through in our channels for new or existing products; • renegotiation or termination of royalty or intellectual property arrangements; • interruptions or terminations in the business of our consultants or third-party developers; • the timing and degree of expected investments in growth and efficiency opportunities; • failure to achieve continued success in technology advancements; • catastrophic events or natural disasters; 2015 Form 10-K 20 Table of Contents • regulatory compliance costs; • potential goodwill impairment charges related to prior acquisitions; and • adjustments arising from ongoing or future tax examinations. We have also experienced fluctuations in financial results in interim periods in certain geographic regions due to seasonality or regional economic or political conditions. In particular, our financial results in Europe during our third quarter are usually affected by a slower summer period, and our Asia Pacific operations typically experience seasonal slowing in our third and fourth quarters. Our operating expenses are based in part on our expectations for future revenue and are relatively fixed in the short term. Accordingly, any revenue shortfall below expectations has had, and in the future could have, an immediate and significant adverse effect on our profitability. Greater than anticipated expenses or a failure to maintain rigorous cost controls would also negatively affect profitability. Our business could suffer as a result of risks, costs, and charges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. We regularly acquire or invest in businesses, software products and technologies that are complementary to our business through acquisitions, strategic alliances or equity or debt investments. For example, in fiscal 2015 we acquired Delcam, a leading supplier of advanced CADCAM and industrial measurement solutions for the manufacturing industry. The risks associated with such acquisitions include, among others, the difficulty of assimilating products, operations and personnel, inheriting liabilities such as intellectual property infringement claims, the failure to realize anticipated revenue and cost projections, the requirement to test and assimilate the internal control processes of the acquired business in accordance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the diversion of management's time and attention. In addition, such acquisitions and investments involve other risks such as: • the inability to retain customers, key employees, vendors, distributors, business partners, and other entities associated with the acquired business; • the potential that due diligence of the acquired business or product does not identify significant problems; • exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including but not limited to, claims from terminated employees, customers, or other third parties; • the potential for incompatible business cultures; • significant higher than anticipated transaction or integration-related costs; • potential additional exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates; and • the potential impact on relationships with existing customers, vendors, and distributors as business partners as a result of acquiring another business. We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may negatively impact our business. In addition, such acquisitions and investments have in the past and may in the future contribute to potential fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments. These costs or charges could negatively impact our financial results for a given period, cause quarter to quarter variability in our financial results or negatively impact our financial results for several future periods. 2015 Form 10-K 21 Table of Contents Because we derive a substantial portion of our net revenue from a small number of products, including our AutoCAD-based software products and suites, if these products are not successful, our revenue will be adversely affected. We derive a substantial portion of our net revenue from sales of licenses of a limited number of our products, including AutoCAD software, products based on AutoCAD, which include our suites that serve specific markets and products that are interoperable with AutoCAD. Any factor adversely affecting sales of these products, including the product release cycle, market acceptance, product competition, performance and reliability, reputation, price competition, economic and market conditions, and the availability of third-party applications, would likely harm our financial results. During fiscal 2015 and 2014 , combined revenue from our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products, not including suites having AutoCAD or AutoCAD LT as a component, represented 28% and 30% of our total net revenue, respectively. A breach of security in our products, services or computer systems may compromise the integrity of our products or services, harm our reputation, create additional liability and adversely impact our financial results. We make significant efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our source code and computer systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has increased as the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. These threats include but are not limited to identity theft, unauthorized access, DNS attacks, wireless network attacks, viruses and worms, advanced persistent threat (APT), application centric attacks, peer-to-peer attacks, phishing, backdoor trojans, and distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks. Any of the foregoing could attack our products, services or computer systems. Despite significant efforts to create security barriers to such programs, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely eliminate this risk. Like all software, our software is vulnerable to cyber attacks. In the past, hackers have targeted our software, and they may do so in the future. The impact of cyber attacks could disrupt the proper functioning of our software products or services, cause errors in the output of our customers' work, allow unauthorized access to sensitive, proprietary or confidential information of ours or our customers, and other destructive outcomes. M oreover, as we continue to invest in new lines of consumer products and services we are exposed to increased security risks and the potential for unauthorized access to, or improper use of, the information of our consumer users. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our reputation may suffer, customers may stop buying our products or services, we could face lawsuits and potential liability, and our financial performance could be negatively impacted. We rely on third parties to provide us with a number of operational services, including hosting and delivery and certain of our customer services and other operations. Any interruption or delay in service from these third parties, breaches of security or privacy, or failures in data collection could expose us to liability, harm our reputation, and adversely impact our financial performance. We rely on hosted computer services from third parties for services that we provide our customers and computer operations for our internal use. As we gather customer data and host certain customer data in third-party facilities, a security breach could compromise the integrity or availability or result in the theft of customer data. In addition, our operations could be negatively affected in the event of a security breach, and we could be subject to the loss or theft of confidential or proprietary information, including source code. Unauthorized access to this data may be obtained through break-ins, breaches of our secure networks by unauthorized parties, employee theft or misuse, or other misconduct. We rely on a number of third-party suppliers in the operation of our business for the provision of various services and materials that we use in the operation of our business and production of our products. Although we seek to diversify our third-party suppliers, we may from time to time rely on a single or limited number of suppliers, or upon suppliers in a single country, for these services or materials. The inability of such third parties to satisfy our requirements could disrupt our business operations or make it more difficult for us to implement our business strategy. If any of these situations were to occur, our reputation could be harmed, we could be subject to third-party liability, including under data protection and privacy laws in certain jurisdictions, and our financial performance could be negatively impacted. If we are not able to adequately protect our proprietary rights, our business could be harmed. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright and trademark laws, trade secret protections, confidentiality procedures, and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights. Despite such efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties from time to time have copied aspects of our software products or have obtained and used information that we regard as proprietary. Policing unauthorized use of our software products is time-consuming and costly. We are unable to measure the 2015 Form 10-K 22 Table of Contents extent to which piracy of our software products exists and we expect that software piracy will remain a persistent problem, particularly in emerging economies. Furthermore, our means of protecting our proprietary rights may not be adequate. Additionally, we actively protect the secrecy of our confidential information and trade secrets, including our source code. If unauthorized disclosure of our source code occurs, we could potentially lose future trade secret protection for that source code. The loss of future trade secret protection could make it easier for third parties to compete with our products by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our financial performance and our reputation. We also seek to protect our confidential information and trade secrets through the use of non-disclosure agreements with our customers, contractors, vendors, and partners. However, it is possible that our confidential information and trade secrets may be disclosed or published without our authorization. If this were to occur, it may be difficult and/or costly for us to enforce our rights, and our financial performance and reputation could be negatively impacted. We may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be costly to defend and result in the loss of significant rights. As more software patents are granted worldwide, the number of products and competitors in our industry segments grows and the functionality of products in different industry segments overlaps, we expect that software product developers will be increasingly subject to infringement claims. Infringement or misappropriation claims have in the past been, and may in the future be, asserted against us, and any such assertions could harm our business. Additionally, certain patent holders without products have become more aggressive in threatening and pursuing litigation in attempts to obtain fees for licensing the right to use patents. Any such claims or threats, whether with or without merit, have been and could in the future be time-consuming to defend, result in costly litigation and diversion of resources, cause product shipment delays, or require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. In addition, such royalty or license agreements, if required, may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, which would likely harm our business. A significant portion of our revenue is generated through maintenance revenue. Decreases in maintenance attach or renewal rates or a decrease in the number of new licenses we sell would negatively impact our future revenue and financial results. Our maintenance customers have no obligation to attach maintenance to their initial license or renew their maintenance contract after the expiration of their initial maintenance period, which is typically one year. Our customers' attach and renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the overall global economy, the health of their businesses, and the perceived value of the maintenance program. If our customers do not attach maintenance to their initial license or renew their maintenance contract for our products, our maintenance revenue will decline and our financial results will suffer. In addition, a portion of the growth of our maintenance revenue has typically been associated with growth of the number of licenses that we sell. Any reduction in the number of licenses that we sell, even if our customers' attach rates do not change, will have a negative impact on our future maintenance revenue. This in turn would impact our business and harm our financial results. We recognize maintenance revenue ratably over the term of the maintenance contracts, which is predominantly one year, but may also range up to five years. Decreases in maintenance billings will negatively impact future maintenance revenue, however future maintenance revenue will also be impacted by other factors such as the amount, timing, and mix of contract terms of future billings. From time to time we realign or introduce new business and sales initiatives; if we fail to successfully execute and manage these initiatives, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. As part of our effort to accommodate our customers' needs and demands and the rapid evolution of technology, we from time to time evolve our business and sales initiatives such as realigning our development and marketing organizations, and expanding our portfolio of suites and our offering of software as a service, and realigning our internal resources in an effort to improve efficiency. We may take such actions without clear indications that they will prove successful, and at times, we have been met with short-term challenges in the execution of such initiatives. Market acceptance of any new business or sales initiative is dependent on our ability to match our customers' needs at the right time and price. Often we have limited prior experience and operating history in these new areas of emphasis. If any of our assumptions about expenses, revenue or revenue recognition principles from these initiatives proves incorrect, or our attempts to improve efficiency are not successful, our actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, and our financial results will be negatively impacted. 2015 Form 10-K 23 Table of Contents Net revenue, billings, earnings or subscriptions shortfalls or the volatility of the market generally may cause the market price of our stock to decline. The market price for our common stock has experienced significant fluctuations and may continue to fluctuate significantly. The market price for our common stock may be affected by a number of factors, including the other factors described in this Part I , Item 1A and the following: • shortfalls in our expected financial results, including net revenue, billings, earnings, subscriptions, or other key performance metrics; • results and future projections related to our business model transition, including the impact of the end of upgrades and perpetual licenses; • quarterly variations in our or our competitors' results of operations; • general socio-economic, political or market conditions; • changes in estimates of future results or recommendations or confusion on the part of analysts and investors about the short-term and long-term impact to our business resulting from our business model transition; • uncertainty about certain governments' abilities to repay debt or effect fiscal policy; • the announcement of new products or product enhancements by us or our competitors; • unusual events such as significant acquisitions, divestitures, regulatory actions, and litigation; • changes in laws, rules, or regulations applicable to our business; • outstanding debt service obligations; and • other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance, such as instability affecting the economy or the operating performance of our competitors. Significant changes in the price of our common stock could expose us to additional costly and time-consuming litigation. Historically, after periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, a company becomes more susceptible to securities class action litigation. This type of litigation is often expensive and diverts management's attention and resources. Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. Our success and ability to invest and grow depend largely on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, professional, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Historically, competition for these key personnel has been intense. The loss of services of any of our key personnel (including key personnel joining our company through acquisitions), the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions and financial goals. 2015 Form 10-K 24 Table of Contents Changes in laws and/or regulations related to the Internet or related to privacy and data security concerns may impact our business or expose us to increased liability. The future success of our business depends upon the continued use of the Internet as a primary medium for commerce, communication, and business applications. Federal, state, or foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting data privacy and the transmission of certain types of content using the Internet. For example, the State of California has adopted legislation requiring operators of commercial websites and mobile applications that collect personal information from California residents to conspicuously post and comply with privacy policies that satisfy certain requirements. Several other U.S. states have adopted legislation requiring companies to protect the security of personal information that they collect from consumers over the Internet, and more states may adopt similar legislation in the future. Additionally, the Federal Trade Commission has used its authority under Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act to bring actions against companies for failing to maintain adequate security for personal information collected from consumers over the Internet and for failing to comply with privacy-related representations made to Internet users. The U.S. Congress has at various times proposed federal legislation intended to protect the privacy of Internet users and the security of personal information collected from Internet users that would impose additional compliance burdens upon companies collecting personal information from Internet users, and the U.S. Congress may adopt such legislation in the future. The European Union also has adopted various directives regulating data privacy and security and the transmission of content using the Internet involving residents of the European Union, including those directives known as the Data Protection Directive, the E-Privacy Directive, and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive, and may adopt similar directives in the future. Several other countries, including Canada and several Latin American and Asian countries, have constitutional protections for, or have adopted legislation protecting, individuals' personal information. Additionally, some federal, state, or foreign governmental bodies have established laws that seek to censor the transmission of certain types of content over the Internet or require that individuals be provided with the ability to permanently delete all electronic personal information, such as the German Multimedia Law of 1997. Given the variety of global privacy and data protection regimes, it is possible we may find ourselves subject to inconsistent obligations. For instance, the USA Patriot Act is considered by some to be in conflict with certain directives of the European Union. Situations such as these require that we make prospective determinations regarding compliance with conflicting regulations. Increased enforcement of existing laws and regulations, as well as any laws, regulations or changes that may be adopted or implemented in the future, could limit the growth of the use of public cloud applications or communications generally, result in a decline in the use of the Internet and the viability of Internet-based applications, and require implementation of additional technological safeguards. Our investment portfolio consists of a variety of investment vehicles in a number of countries that are subject to interest rate trends, market volatility, and other economic factors. If general economic conditions decline, this could cause the credit ratings of our investments to deteriorate, illiquidity in the financial marketplace, and we may experience a decline in interest income, and an inability to sell our investments, leading to impairment in the value of our investments. It is our policy to invest our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities in highly liquid instruments with, and in the custody of, financial institutions with high credit ratings and to limit the amounts invested with any one institution, type of security, and issuer. However, we are subject to general economic conditions, interest rate trends, and volatility in the financial marketplace that can affect the income that we receive from our investments, the net realizable value of our investments (including our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities) and our ability to sell them. In the U.S., for example, the yields on our portfolio securities are very low due to general economic conditions. Any one of these factors could reduce our investment income, or result in material charges, which in turn could impact our overall net income and earnings per share. From time to time we make direct investments in privately held companies. The privately held companies in which we invest are considered inherently risky. The technologies and products these companies have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize, which could result in a loss of all or a substantial part of our initial investment in these companies. The evaluation of privately held companies is based on information that we request from these companies, which is not subject to the same disclosure regulations as U.S. publicly traded companies, and as such, the basis for these evaluations is subject to the timing and accuracy of the data received from these companies. A loss on any of our investments may cause us to record an other-than-temporary impairment charge. The effect of this charge could impact our overall net income and earnings per share. In any of these scenarios, our liquidity may be negatively impacted, which in turn may prohibit us from making investments in our business, taking advantage of opportunities and potentially meeting our financial obligations as they come due. 2015 Form 10-K 25 Table of Contents We are subject to legal proceedings and regulatory inquiries, and we may be named in additional legal proceedings or become involved in regulatory inquiries in the future, all of which are costly, distracting to our core business and could result in an unfavorable outcome, or a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows or the trading price for our securities. We are involved in legal proceedings and receive inquiries from regulatory agencies. As the global economy has changed and our business has evolved, we have seen an increase in litigation activity and regulatory inquiries. Like many other high technology companies, the number and frequency of inquiries from U.S. and foreign regulatory agencies we have received regarding our business and our business practices, and the business practices of others in our industry, have increased in recent years. In the event that we are involved in significant disputes or are the subject of a formal action by a regulatory agency, we could be exposed to costly and time consuming legal proceedings that could result in any number of outcomes. Any claims or regulatory actions initiated by or against us, whether successful or not, could result in expensive costs of defense, costly damage awards, injunctive relief, increased costs of business, fines or orders to change certain business practices, significant dedication of management time, diversion of significant operational resources, or otherwise harm our business. In any of these cases, our financial results could be negatively impacted. Changes in existing financial accounting standards or practices, or taxation rules or practices may adversely affect our results of operations. Changes in existing accounting or taxation rules or practices, new accounting pronouncements or taxation rules, or varying interpretations of current accounting pronouncements or taxation practice could have a significant adverse effect on our results of operations or the manner in which we conduct our business. Further, such changes could potentially affect our reporting of transactions completed before such changes are effective. For example, the U.S.-based Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) is currently working together with the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) on several projects to further align accounting principles and facilitate more comparable financial reporting between companies who are required to follow U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) under SEC regulations and those who are required to follow IFRS outside of the U.S. These efforts by the FASB and IASB may result in different accounting principles under GAAP that may result in materially different financial results for us in areas including, but not limited to principles for recognizing revenue and lease accounting. It is not clear if or when these potential changes in accounting principles may become effective, whether we have the proper systems and controls in place to accommodate such changes and the impact that any such changes may have on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, as we evolve and change our business and sales models, we are currently unable to determine how these potential changes may impact our new models, particularly in the area of revenue recognition. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our information technology systems. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing internal technology systems disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We rely on our network and data center infrastructure, technology systems and our websites for our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet the growing and evolving requirements of our business and customers. Such improvements are often complex, costly, and time consuming. In addition, such improvements can be challenging to integrate with our existing technology systems, or uncover problems with our existing technology systems. Unsuccessful implementation of hardware or software updates and improvements could result in disruption in our business operations, loss of revenue, errors in our accounting and financial reporting, or damage to our reputation. Although we believe we currently have adequate internal control over financial reporting, we are required to evaluate our internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and any adverse results from such evaluation could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports and have an adverse effect on our stock price. Pursuant to Section 404, we are required to furnish a report by our management on our internal control over financial reporting. The report contains, among other matters, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year, including a statement as to whether or not our internal control over financial reporting 2015 Form 10-K 26 Table of Contents is effective. This assessment must include disclosure of any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting identified by management. If our management identifies one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and such weakness remains uncorrected at fiscal year-end, we will be unable to assert such internal control is effective at fiscal year-end. If we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective at fiscal year-end (or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls or concludes that we have a material weakness in our internal controls), we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which would likely have an adverse effect on our business and stock price. In preparing our financial statements we make certain assumptions, judgments, and estimates that affect amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements, which, if not accurate, may significantly impact our financial results. We make assumptions, judgments, and estimates for a number of items, including the fair value of financial instruments, goodwill, long-lived assets and other intangible assets, the realizability of deferred tax assets, and the fair value of stock awards. We also make assumptions, judgments, and estimates in determining the accruals for employee related liabilities including commissions, bonuses, and sabbaticals; and in determining the accruals for uncertain tax positions, partner incentive programs, product returns reserves, allowances for doubtful accounts, asset retirement obligations, and legal contingencies. These assumptions, judgments, and estimates are drawn from historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ materially from our estimates, and such differences could significantly impact our financial results. Our financial results could be negatively impacted if our tax positions are overturned by tax authorities. We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate is based on our expected geographic mix of earnings, statutory rates, intercompany transfer pricing, and enacted tax rules. Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions on a worldwide basis. We believe our tax positions, including intercompany transfer pricing policies, are consistent with the tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business. It is possible that these positions may be overturned by jurisdictional tax authorities and may have a significant impact on our effective tax rate. We rely on third-party technologies and if we are unable to use or integrate these technologies, our product and service development may be delayed and our financial results negatively impacted. We rely on certain software that we license from third parties, including software that is integrated with internally developed software and used in our products to perform key functions. These third-party software licenses may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, and the software may not be appropriately supported, maintained or enhanced by the licensors. The loss of licenses to, or inability to support, maintain, and enhance any such software could result in increased costs, or in delays or reductions in product shipments until equivalent software can be developed, identified, licensed, and integrated, which would likely harm our business. Disruptions with licensing relationships and third-party developers could adversely impact our business. We license certain key technologies from third parties. Licenses may be restricted in the term or the use of such technology in ways that negatively affect our business. Similarly, we may not be able to obtain or renew license agreements for key technology on favorable terms, if at all, and any failure to do so could harm our business. Our business strategy has historically depended in part on our relationships with third-party developers who provide products that expand the functionality of our design software. Some developers may elect to support other products or may experience disruption in product development and delivery cycles or financial pressure during periods of economic downturn. In particular markets, such disruptions have in the past, and would likely in the future, negatively impact these third-party developers and end users, which could harm our business. Additionally, technology created by outsourced product development, whether outsourced to third parties or developed externally and transferred to us through business or technology acquisitions, have certain additional risks such as effective integration into existing products, adequate transfer of technology know-how, and ownership and protection of transferred intellectual property. 2015 Form 10-K 27 Table of Contents As a result of our strategy of partnering with other companies for product development, our product delivery schedules could be adversely affected if we experience difficulties with our product development partners. We partner with certain independent firms and contractors to perform some of our product development activities. We believe our partnering strategy allows us to, among other things, achieve efficiencies in developing new products and maintaining and enhancing existing product offerings. Our partnering strategy creates a dependency on such independent developers. Independent developers, including those who currently develop products for us in the U.S. and throughout the world, may not be able or willing to provide development support to us in the future. In addition, use of development resources through consulting relationships, particularly in non-U.S. jurisdictions with developing legal systems, may be adversely impacted by, and expose us to risks relating to, evolving employment, export, and intellectual property laws. These risks could, among other things, expose our intellectual property to misappropriation and result in disruptions to product delivery schedules. Our business may be significantly disrupted upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event. Our business is highly automated and relies extensively on the availability of our network and data center infrastructure, our internal technology systems and our websites. We also rely on hosted computer services from third parties for services that we provide to our customers and computer operations for our internal use. The failure of our systems or hosted computer services due to a catastrophic event, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, tsunami, weather event, telecommunications failure, power failure, cyber attack, or war, could adversely impact our business, financial results, and financial condition. We have developed disaster recovery plans and maintain backup systems in order to reduce the potential impact of a catastrophic event, however there can be no assurance that these plans and systems would enable us to return to normal business operations. In addition, any such event could negatively impact a country or region in which we sell our products. This could in turn decrease that country's or region's demand for our products, thereby negatively impacting our financial results. We issued $ 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes in a debt offering in December 2012 and have an existing $ 400.0 million revolving credit facility, and may incur other debt in the future, all of which may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results. In December 2012, we issued 1.95% notes due December 15, 2017 in an aggregate principal amount of $ 400.0 million and 3.6% notes due December 15, 2022 in an aggregate principal amount of $ 350.0 million . As the December 2017 and December 2022 debt matures, we will have to expend significant resources to either repay or refinance these notes. If we decide to refinance the notes, we may be required to do so on different or less favorable terms or we may be unable to refinance the notes at all, both of which may adversely affect our financial condition. We also have a $ 400.0 million revolving credit facility. As of January 31, 2015 , we had no outstanding borrowings on the line of credit. Although we have no current plans to borrow under this credit facility, we may use the proceeds of any future borrowing for general corporate purposes, or for future acquisitions or expansion of our business. Our existing and future levels of indebtedness may adversely affect our financial condition and future financial results by, among other things: • increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; • requiring the dedication of a greater than expected portion of our expected cash from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures and acquisitions; and • limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry. We are required to comply with the covenants set forth in our senior unsecured notes and revolving credit facility. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control. If we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the note holders or lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, any outstanding indebtedness may be declared immediately due and payable. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating may negatively impact the value and liquidity of our securities. Under certain circumstances, if our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative action is taken, the interest rate payable by us under our revolving credit facility could increase. Downgrades in our credit ratings could also restrict our ability to obtain additional financing in the future and could affect the terms of any such financing. 2015 Form 10-K 28 Table of Contents 