 THE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES DESCRIBED BELOW ARE THOSE THAT WE CURRENTLY BELIEVE MAY MATERIALLY AFFECT OUR COMPANY. IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING RISKS ACTUALLY
OCCUR, THEY MAY MATERIALLY HARM OUR BUSINESS, OUR FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Risks relating to the development and
commercialization of our products and product candidates We depend heavily on the commercial success of our only approved cancer medicine,
Iclusig ® (ponatinib). If we do not achieve commercial success with Iclusig, our business, results of operations and financial condition will suffer, and we will be dependent on the success of
our other product candidates. We obtained accelerated approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, in December 2012, to sell our
first new cancer medicine, Iclusig, for the treatment of adult patients with chronic, accelerated or blast phase chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) that is resistant or intolerant to prior tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) therapy or Philadelphia
chromosome-positive acute lymphoblastic leukemia (Ph+ ALL) that is resistant or intolerant to prior TKI therapy. When Iclusig was approved by the FDA, its United States prescribing information, or USPI, included a boxed warning concerning arterial
thrombosis, hepatotoxicity and other precautions. We commenced sales and marketing of Iclusig in the United States in January 2013. In October 2013, we
suspended marketing and commercial distribution of Iclusig in the United States based on the FDA’s concerns about updated safety data from the pivotal PACE trial of Iclusig. In addition, our clinical trials for Iclusig were placed on partial
clinical hold and we discontinued our Phase 3 EPIC trial of Iclusig in adult patients with newly diagnosed CML in the chronic phase. In December 2013, the FDA approved revised USPI, a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, and a revised box
warning, allowing us to resume marketing and commercial distribution, which we commenced in January 2014. Iclusig is now indicated for adult patients with T315I-positive CML (chronic phase, accelerated phase, or blast phase) or T315I-positive Ph+
ALL, and chronic phase, accelerated phase, or blast phase CML or Ph+ ALL for whom no other TKI therapy is indicated. Iclusig has also been approved for
marketing and commercial distribution in the European Union, and from late 2013 through 2014, was subject to review by the European Medicines Agency, or EMA, of the benefits and risks of Iclusig to better understand the nature, frequency and
severity of events obstructing the arteries or veins, the potential mechanism that leads to these side effects and whether there needed to be a revision in the dosing recommendation, patient monitoring and a risk management plan for Iclusig. This
review was completed in January 2015, with additional warnings in the product information but without any change in the approved indications. Prior to
the approval of Iclusig, we had not marketed a therapeutic product. We had no revenues from product sales in 2012, $45.2 million in revenues from product sales in 2013 and $55.7 million in revenues from product sales in 2014. We expect that a
majority of our total revenues in the next several years will be attributable to sales of Iclusig. We cannot be certain that Iclusig will be commercially successful. In addition to the other challenges related to a company launching its first
commercial drug, we have faced the challenges of having Iclusig removed from the market in the United States in the fourth quarter of 2013 and re-launching the drug in the first quarter of 2014 with revised prescribing information that reduces the
addressable patient population and an updated box warning. Moreover, the FDA, EMA or other regulatory authorities could take additional actions in the future that could further reduce the commercial potential of Iclusig. If we do not achieve
commercial success with Iclusig, our business, results of operations and financial condition will suffer, and we will be dependent on the success of our other product candidates. 24 Table of Contents The commercial success of Iclusig depends on numerous factors, some of which are outside our control. If
one or more of these factors negatively affects sales of Iclusig, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially harmed. Our future sales of Iclusig depend on numerous factors, including: • the impact of the changes required by the FDA in the USPI that reduced the addressable patient population and changes required by the EMA in the Iclusig SmPC following its review of the risks and benefits of Iclusig,
along with any additional changes that may be required in the future; • the safety profile of Iclusig, including whether previously unknown side-effects or the increased incidence or severity of known side-effects are identified with the increased use of Iclusig, such as we announced in the
fourth quarter of 2013; • competition from other TKIs, which compete with Iclusig on the basis of, among other things, efficacy, cost, breadth of approved use and the safety and side-effect profile; • competition from any additional products for the treatment of CML that are approved by the FDA, the EMA and other regulatory authorities in the future; • the effectiveness of our commercial strategy for marketing Iclusig and our execution of that strategy, including our pricing strategy and the effectiveness of our efforts to obtain adequate third-party reimbursements; • receipt of regulatory approvals for Iclusig, and any applicable pricing and reimbursement approvals, in Europe, Japan and other countries or territories outside of the United States and the European Union; • the acceptance of Iclusig by patients, the medical community and third-party payors, particularly following the temporary suspension of commercial distribution in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the updated prescribing
information, including a revised boxed warning; • results from clinical trials and the receipt of regulatory approvals in any other indications that we may decide to pursue in blood cancers and solid tumors; and • our ability to meet the demand for commercial supplies of Iclusig and to maintain and successfully monitor commercial manufacturing arrangements for Iclusig with third-party manufacturers to ensure they meet our
standards and those of regulatory authorities. While we believe that Iclusig is an important medicine for patients with resistant or
intolerant Philadelphia-positive leukemias, the net revenues that Iclusig may generate in future periods may change based upon the above factors, and could be lower than expected. If our revenues, market share and/or other indicators of market
acceptance for Iclusig do not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. In addition, if one or more of the factors above negatively affects sales of Iclusig, our
business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially harmed. We have never marketed a drug prior to Iclusig, and if we are
unable to maintain an effective and specialized sales force and marketing infrastructure, we will not be able to commercialize Iclusig successfully. In order to successfully commercialize Iclusig, we have built a marketing organization and a specialized sales force for Iclusig in the United States and
Europe. Factors that may hinder our ability to successfully market and commercially distribute Iclusig include: • inability to maintain the relationship with the single specialty pharmacy with whom we have contracted for distribution of Iclusig in the United States and our other distributors, suppliers and manufacturers; 25 Table of Contents • inability of sales personnel to obtain access to or convince adequate numbers of physicians to prescribe our products; • inability to recruit, retain and effectively manage adequate numbers of effective sales and marketing personnel; • lack of complementary products to be offered by sales personnel, which may put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to companies that have more extensive product lines; and • unforeseen delays, costs and expenses associated with maintaining our international capabilities, including our international sales and marketing organization and international supply chain and pricing and reimbursement
capabilities. If we are unable to maintain our sales force and marketing capability for Iclusig in the United States and in the European
Union, we may not be able to generate sufficient product revenue, may generate increased expenses and may never become profitable. We will need to
continue to expend significant time and resources to train our Iclusig sales forces in the United States and the European Union to be credible, persuasive and compliant in discussing Iclusig with the specialists treating the patients indicated under
the product’s label. In addition, if we are unable to effectively train our sales force and equip them with effective materials, including medical and sales literature to help them inform and educate potential customers about the benefits and
risks of Iclusig and its proper administration, our ability to successfully commercialize Iclusig could be diminished, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If Iclusig and any of our product candidates are not accepted by patients, physicians and third-party payors, we will not be successful. Our success is dependent on the commercial acceptance of Iclusig and any of our other product candidates that may be approved. Iclusig and any other approved
product candidates may not achieve market acceptance among patients, physicians or third-party payors, even if we have obtained necessary regulatory and any applicable pricing and reimbursement approvals. Physicians and health care payors may
conclude that Iclusig or our product candidates are not as safe and/or effective as competing therapies or are not as attractive based on a cost and risk/benefit analysis as alternative treatments. For example, physicians may elect not to prescribe
our drugs, and patients may elect not to request or take them for a variety of reasons, including lower demonstrated or perceived clinical safety and efficacy compared to other drugs; prevalence and severity of adverse events or other side effects;
lack of cost-effectiveness; lack of reimbursement availability from third-party payors; a decision to wait for the approval of other therapies that are believed to have significant advantages over our drugs and drug candidates; convenience and ease
of administration; other potential advantages of alternative treatment methods; or ineffective marketing and distribution support. We believe that
recommendations by physicians and acceptance by health care payors will be essential for market acceptance of Iclusig and our product candidates. If Iclusig fails to achieve market acceptance, or our product candidates are approved and fail to
achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate revenues sufficient to be successful. 26 Table of Contents Competing drugs or technologies may render some or all of our products or future products noncompetitive or
obsolete. Many well-known pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, which have substantially greater capital, research and development
capabilities and experience than us, are presently engaged in developing drug candidates focused on the same biological targets or the treatment of the same disease indications on which we are focused. Some of these entities already have competitive
products on the market or product candidates in clinical trials or in more advanced preclinical studies than we do. For example, Iclusig currently
competes with existing therapies that are approved for the treatment of patients with CML who are resistant or intolerant to prior TKI therapies, such as nilotinib marketed by Novartis, dasatinib marketed by Bristol-Myers Squibb, bosutinib marketed
by Pfizer and omacetaxine mepesuccinate marketed by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries. At this time, based on the revised USPI for Iclusig approved by the FDA in December 2013, Iclusig may only be promoted for treatment of adult patients with
T315I-positive CML and Ph+ ALL and patients for whom no other TKI therapy is indicated, which limits the addressable patient population and therefore revenues that can be generated from sales of the drug. In addition, Pfizer, Novartis and Roche/Chugai have launched ALK inhibitors that will compete with brigatinib should it gain marketing approval. Tesaro,
Ignyta and Xcovery also have ALK inhibitors in development and Pfizer is developing a follow-on compound to its currently marketed product, crizotinib. Competing drugs or technologies may render some or all of our products or future products noncompetitive or obsolete, and we may not be able to make the
enhancements to our products necessary to compete successfully with newly emerging drug products. Competing products on the market or in development may also lead us and our collaborators to revise or cease development of our product candidates in
one or more indications for commercial reasons, even where clinical data may be promising. If we are unable to successfully compete in our chosen markets, we will not become profitable. In order to execute our business plan and achieve the full commercial potential of Iclusig, we will need to obtain regulatory approval to commercialize
Iclusig in additional markets and in additional indications and lines of therapy. If we are not successful in these efforts, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. Based on sales of existing TKIs for the treatment of CML, we believe that there are commercial opportunities for the use of Iclusig globally in additional
therapeutic indications and in additional lines of therapy, and we are pursuing these opportunities. In December 2014, we entered into a co-development and commercialization agreement with Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., or Otsuka, under which
Otsuka has exclusive rights to commercialize Iclusig in Japan and nine other Asian countries and to fund future clinical trials in those countries. We expect to file for marketing approval in Japan in 2015. In Australia, we obtained marketing
approval for Iclusig in November 2014 and will distribute Iclusig through a third party distributor that covers Australia and New Zealand. In addition, we have filed for marketing approval of Iclusig in Canada and Israel. In addition, Iclusig is being studied in various investigator-sponsored trials in settings including first line and second line CML, acute myeloid leukemia,
or AML, non-small cell lung cancer, or NSCLC, and medullary thyroid cancer, or MTC. We expect that additional investigator-sponsored clinical trials will be initiated in 2015 in various indications. If we are not successful in obtaining regulatory
approval of Iclusig in additional foreign countries and in additional indications and lines of therapy, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially harmed. We may not succeed in developing, obtaining regulatory approval and generating product revenues from our product candidate brigatinib (AP26113) or any
other product candidate, which would materially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. As with all scientific
endeavors, we face much trial and error, and we and our collaborators may fail at numerous stages along the way, which could prevent us and our collaborators from successfully developing, obtaining approval for and marketing our product candidate
brigatinib (AP26113) and any 27 Table of Contents other product candidate. Factors that could affect the timing and the ability to obtain additional regulatory approvals and to achieve market acceptance and gain market share for brigatinib and
any other product candidate include, among others: • product formulation; • dose and dosage regimen; • the ability to obtain timely and sufficient patient enrollment in clinical trials; • the risk of occurrence of adverse events and other side effects in patients participating in clinical trials; • the attainment of clinical data that is sufficient to support regulatory approval; • the ability to manufacture sufficient quantities of product candidates at commercially reasonable costs; • the ability to fund commercial development and to build or access a sales force in the marketplace for that product candidate; • the ability to successfully differentiate product candidates from competitive products; • the ability to educate physicians and build awareness about our product candidates; and • the ability to sell, market and distribute such product candidates. We may not receive regulatory approvals
within the timeframes we anticipate, or at all, and ultimately we may not succeed in developing or commercializing additional products which will generate revenues for our company. If we are not successful in developing our product candidates,
obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing any approved products, our business, results of operations and financial condition will be materially harmed. Positive results from earlier stage clinical trials may not be replicated in later-stage clinical trials, increased adverse events or safety issues
could arise, or regulatory authorities may conclude that clinical data from later-stage clinical trials are not sufficient to support approval or that data from post-approval clinical trials are not sufficient to support broader use of drugs after
approval. Regulatory authorities may require changes in the permitted usage of any approved products. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical
and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials or following regulatory approval even after achieving promising results in earlier-stage development. Accordingly, the results to date from preclinical
studies and clinical trials for Iclusig and brigatinib may not be predictive of the results to be obtained from ongoing or future clinical trials. In addition, regulatory authorities may conclude that data generated from later-stage clinical trials
are not sufficient to support approval, or that data obtained following approval may require changes to be made in the permitted usage of any approved products. For example, although we were able to obtain accelerated approval for Iclusig on the
basis of data from our pivotal Phase 2 PACE trial without conducting a Phase 3 trial, and we believe that similar prospects for regulatory approval exist for brigatinib, we may be required to conduct more clinical trials for brigatinib than we
currently anticipate. Moreover, we announced in October 2013 updated data from the PACE trial, in which it was observed that with a median follow up of 24 months, serious arterial thrombosis occurred in 11.8 percent of Iclusig-treated patients,
compared to 8 percent after 11 months of follow-up reflected in the then-current USPI. Based on this and other follow-up data, we suspended marketing and commercial distribution of Iclusig in October 2013 and, following discussions with the FDA, we
were permitted to resume in December 2013 with revised prescribing information and a revised boxed warning that reduces the addressable patient population for whom Iclusig is indicated. If positive results from earlier stage trials are not replicated in later-stage trials, if increased adverse events or safety issues arise, if we or our
collaborators are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of our product candidates beyond those currently contemplated, or if the permitted usage of Iclusig or any of our other product candidates that are approved is
constrained or withdrawn by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, we or our collaborators may be delayed in obtaining, or may not be able to obtain or maintain, marketing approval for these products, and we may lose the opportunity to generate 28 Table of Contents product revenues or to earn additional development or regulatory milestones or royalties. Furthermore, potential competitive commercial factors and our resources may influence future decisions
and directions by us or our collaborators on which clinical indications to pursue and when. Risks relating to our financial position and capital
requirements We have incurred significant losses to date and may never be profitable. We have incurred significant losses since our formation in 1991, and had an accumulated deficit of $1.2 billion at December 31, 2014. Our losses have
resulted principally from costs incurred in research and development of Iclusig and our product candidates, from our discovery research activities and from general and administrative costs, including costs incurred to prosecute and protect our
intellectual property. In addition, we have incurred significant expenses in building a commercial organization to market, sell and distribute Iclusig and our other products upon potential regulatory approval in the United States, Europe and other
select markets, worldwide. It is likely that we will incur significant operating losses for the foreseeable future, as we continue our research, development and commercialization activities. If our losses continue and we and our existing
collaborators or potential future collaborators are unable to successfully develop, commercialize, manufacture and market Iclusig, brigatinib, ridaforolimus and any other product candidates and/or we are unable to enter into additional collaboration
agreements or licenses for our intellectual property, we may never generate sufficient revenues to achieve profitability. Even if we and our collaborators are able to commercialize products and we are able to enter into collaboration agreements or
licenses in the future, we may never generate sufficient revenues to be profitable. Insufficient funding may jeopardize our research and
development programs and may require us to reduce our operations or prevent commercialization of our products and technologies. We have financed
our operations and investments to date primarily through sales of our common stock and convertible notes in public and private offerings, through the receipt of upfront and milestone payments from collaborations and licenses with pharmaceutical and
biotechnology companies and, to a lesser extent, through issuances of our common stock pursuant to our equity incentive and employee stock purchase plans, supplemented by the borrowing of long-term debt from commercial lenders. We sell securities
and incur debt when the terms of such transactions are deemed favorable to us and as necessary to fund our current and projected cash needs. We seek to balance the level of cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on hand with our projected
needs and to allow us to withstand periods of uncertainty relative to the availability of funding on favorable terms. With sales of Iclusig in the United
States from January through October 2013 and commencing again in January 2014, as well as sales in Europe since the second half of 2013, we have generated product revenues that have contributed to our cash flows. However, our cash flows generated
from sales of Iclusig are not currently sufficient to fund operations and we will need to seek additional sources to fund our operations. As of
December 31, 2014, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $352.7 million. We expect that our cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2014, together with estimated sales of Iclusig and funding we expect to receive from new
collaborative agreements or strategic alliances, will be sufficient to fund our operations for the foreseeable future. The adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including
the amount of future revenue generated by Iclusig, our ability to enter into a partnership to co-develop and co-commercialize brigatinib and the amount of funding generated from such partnership, the potential introduction of one or more of our
other drug candidates to the market, and the number, breadth, cost and prospects of our research and development programs. However, changes to our operating plan or assumptions, economic factors or strategic opportunities may require us to raise
additional funds through one or more financings of equity or debt securities or other transactions. We have from time to time accessed funding by issuing
common stock or other securities in private placements or public offerings. We are currently a “well-known seasoned issuer,” or WKSI, pursuant to rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, which permits us to file
registration statements for offerings of shares of our common stock and other securities that are effective upon filing. We may also from time to time seek additional funding from technology licensing, or the issuance of debt or other structured
funding alternatives. However, such additional funding may not be available at all, or on terms acceptable to us. 29 Table of Contents If we are not able to secure additional funding if or when required to fund our operations including our research
and development programs and commercialization activities at their current levels or at levels that may be required in the future, we may be required to reduce our operations or to delay, scale back, eliminate or terminate commercialization or
further clinical development of Iclusig or clinical trials for one or more of our product candidates. Our ability to use net operating loss and tax
credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income may be limited in the future if we do not have sufficient taxable income or due to ownership changes that have occurred or may occur in the future. As of December 31, 2014, we had tax assets, including net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, of $562.1 million in the United States and $194.9 million
in foreign territories and U.S. federal research tax credits of $28.9 million, which could be used in certain circumstances to offset our future taxable income or otherwise payable taxes and therefore reduce our federal and state income tax
liabilities. Based on current income tax rates, if fully utilized, our NOLs and other carryforwards could provide a benefit to us of significant future tax savings. However, our ability to use these tax benefits in future years will depend upon our
ability to comply with the rules relating to the preservation and use of NOLs and the amount of our otherwise taxable income. If we do not have sufficient taxable income in future years to use the tax benefits before they expire, we will lose the
benefit of these NOLs permanently. Consequently, our ability to use the tax benefits associated with our NOLs will depend significantly on our success in generating income from Iclusig and any other product candidates that may be approved. Additionally, if we undergo an ownership change, the NOLs and tax credit carryforwards would be subject to an annual limit on the amount of the taxable income
that may be offset by our NOLs generated prior to the ownership change, and we may be unable to use a significant portion or all of our NOLs to offset taxable income. Our common stock is very actively traded on a daily basis. As a result of high
trading volume, there may be a shift of ownership among certain of our stockholders that could result in an ownership change, which could limit our ability to utilize our NOL and tax credit carryforwards under applicable section of the Internal
Revenue Code. Limitations imposed on the ability to use NOLs and tax credits to offset future taxable income could require us to pay U.S. federal income taxes earlier than would otherwise be required if such limitations were not in effect and could
cause such NOLs and tax credits to expire unused, in each case reducing or eliminating the benefit of such NOLs and tax credits. Similar rules and limitations may apply for state income tax purposes. We have adopted a shareholder rights plan in the
form of a Section 382 Rights Plan with the intention of reducing the likelihood of an ownership change. However, we have granted exemptions under the plan in limited circumstances and cannot be sure that the plan will be effective in deterring
or preventing such an ownership change. The plan was approved by our stockholders in June 2014, expires in October 2016 and may not be amended to extend the expiration date. Raising additional capital by issuing securities or through collaboration and licensing arrangements may cause dilution to existing stockholders,
restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. We may seek to raise the additional capital necessary to fund our
operations through public or private equity offerings, debt financings, and collaboration and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders’
ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms of such securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect our stockholders’ rights or, in the case of debt securities, require us to pay interest that would reduce
our cash flows from operations or comply with certain covenants that could restrict our operations. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our
technologies or product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 30 Table of Contents Forecasting sales of Iclusig may be difficult and revenue recognition may be deferred. If our revenue
projections are inaccurate or revenue is deferred, our business may be harmed and our future prospects may be adversely affected. Our sales of
Iclusig can be difficult to forecast. Factors that can increase the difficulty of forecasting sales of Iclusig include the following: • cautionary prescribing behavior, confusion or other concerns regarding the safety and risk-benefit of Iclusig; • decisions that may be made by physicians regarding dosing of patients with Iclusig in response to safety concerns or adverse events; • difficulty in identifying appropriate patients for treatment with Iclusig; • the cost and availability of reimbursement for the product; • treatment guidelines issued by government and non-government agencies; • types of cancer for which the product is approved; • timing of market entry relative to competitive products; • availability of alternative therapies; • price of our product relative to alternative therapies, including generic versions of our product, or generic versions of innovative products that compete with our product; • patients’ reliance on patient assistance programs, under which we provide free drug; • rates of returns and rebates; • uncertainty of launch trajectory; • the ability of our third-party manufacturers to manufacture and deliver Iclusig in commercially sufficient quantities; • the ability of our single specialty pharmacy distributor in the United States and our distributors in other markets to process orders in a timely manner and satisfy their other obligations to us; • the extent of marketing efforts by us and any third-party agents retained by us; and • side effects or unfavorable publicity concerning our products or similar products. The extent to which any of
these or other factors individually or in the aggregate may impact future sales of Iclusig is uncertain and difficult to predict. Our management must make forecasting decisions regarding future revenue in the course of business planning despite this
uncertainty, and actual results of operations may deviate materially from projected results. This may lead to inefficiencies and increased difficulties in operational planning. If our revenues from Iclusig sales are lower than we anticipate or
revenue is deferred, we will incur costs in the short term that will result in losses that are unavoidable. A shortfall in our revenue would have a direct impact on our cash flow and on our business generally. In addition, fluctuations in our
quarterly results can adversely and significantly affect the market price of our common stock. 31 Table of Contents Our financial results are impacted by management’s selection of accounting methods and certain
assumptions and estimates. Our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of
operations. Our management must exercise judgment in selecting and applying many of these accounting policies and methods so they comply with generally accepted accounting principles and reflect management’s judgment of the most appropriate
manner to report our financial condition and results. In some cases, management must select the accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which may be reasonable under the circumstances, yet may result in our
reporting materially different results than would have been reported under a different alternative. Certain accounting policies are critical to the
presentation of our financial condition and results of operations. The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make significant estimates, assumptions and judgments that affect the amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses
and related disclosures. Significant estimates that may be made by us include assumptions used in the determination of revenue recognition, accrued product development expenses, inventory, leased buildings under construction and stock-based
compensation. Although we base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, our interpretation of existing accounting literature and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, if our assumptions
prove to be materially incorrect, actual results may differ materially from these estimates. Risks relating to our reliance on third parties We depend on third-party manufacturers, including sole source suppliers, to manufacture Iclusig and our product candidates and the materials we require
for our clinical trials. We may not be able to maintain these relationships and could experience supply disruptions outside of our control. We
rely on a network of third-party manufacturers to manufacture and supply Iclusig for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials, and our drug candidates for clinical trials and any commercial sales if they are approved. As a result of our
reliance on these third-party manufacturers and suppliers, including sole source suppliers of certain components of Iclusig and our product candidates, we could be subject to significant supply disruptions. Our supply chain for sourcing raw
materials and manufacturing drug product ready for distribution is a multi-step endeavor. Third-party contract manufacturers supply us with raw materials, and contract manufacturers in the United States convert these raw materials into drug
substance and convert the drug substance into final dosage form. Establishing and managing this supply chain requires a significant financial commitment and the creation and maintenance of numerous third-party contractual relationships. Although we
attempt to effectively manage the business relationships with companies in our supply chain, we do not have control over their operations. We require a
supply of Iclusig for sale in the United States, Europe and Australia and we will require a supply of Iclusig for sale in other markets if we obtain additional marketing approvals. We currently rely, and expect to continue to rely, on sole source
third-party manufacturers to produce starting materials, drug substance, and final drug product, and to package and label Iclusig and our product candidates, until we enter into arrangements with additional or alternative suppliers. While we have
identified and expect to qualify and engage back-up third-party manufacturers as additional or alternative suppliers for the commercial supply of Iclusig, we currently do not have such arrangements in place. Moreover, some of these alternative
manufacturers will have to be approved by the FDA before we can use them for manufacturing Iclusig. It is also possible that supplies of materials that cannot be second-sourced can be managed with inventory planning. There can be no assurance,
however, that failure of any of our original sole source third party manufacturers to meet our commercial demands for Iclusig in a timely manner, or our failure to engage qualified additional or back-up suppliers for the commercial supply of
Iclusig, would not have a material adverse effect on commercialization of Iclusig and our business. 32 Table of Contents Supply disruptions may result from a number of factors, including shortages in product raw materials, labor or
technical difficulties, regulatory inspections or restrictions, shipping or customs delays or any other performance failure by any third-party manufacturer on which we rely. Any supply disruptions could disrupt sales of Iclusig and/or the timing of
our clinical trials, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Furthermore, we may be required to modify our production methods to permit us to economically manufacture our drugs for sale and our drug candidates for clinical
trials. These modifications may require us to re-evaluate our resources and the resources of our third-party manufacturers, which could result in abrupt changes in our production methods and supplies. In the course of providing its services, a contract manufacturer may develop process technology related to the manufacture of our products or drug candidates
that the manufacturer owns, either independently or jointly with us. This would increase our reliance on that manufacturer or require us to obtain a license from that manufacturer in order to have Iclusig or our drug candidates manufactured by other
suppliers utilizing the same process. The failure of our third party manufacturers to meet our commercial demands for Iclusig in a timely manner, or our
failure to engage qualified additional or back-up suppliers for the commercial supply of Iclusig, would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. We rely on a single specialty pharmacy for distribution of Iclusig in the United States, and the loss of that specialty pharmacy or its failure to
distribute Iclusig effectively would adversely affect sales of Iclusig. We rely on a single specialty pharmacy for distribution of Iclusig in the
United States. A specialty pharmacy is a pharmacy that specializes in the dispensing of medications for complex or chronic conditions, which often require a high level of patient education and ongoing management. The use of specialty pharmacies
involves certain risks, including, but not limited to, risks that these specialty pharmacies will: • not provide us accurate or timely information regarding their inventories, the number of patients who are using our products or complaints about our products; • reduce or discontinue their efforts to sell or support or otherwise not effectively sell or support our products; • not devote the resources necessary to sell our products in the volumes and within the time frames that we expect; • be unable to satisfy financial obligations to us or others; or • cease operations. In addition, our agreement with the specialty pharmacy may be terminated by either party on
30 days’ notice. If our single specialty pharmacy does not fulfill its contractual obligations to us, or refuses or fails to adequately serve patients, or the agreement is terminated without adequate notice, shipments of Iclusig, and associated
revenues, would be adversely affected. In addition, we expect that it may take a significant amount of time if we were required to change our specialty pharmacy. We have limited experience in conducting clinical trials and are dependent upon the ability of third parties, including contract research organizations,
collaborative academic groups, clinical trial sites and investigators, to conduct or to assist us in conducting clinical trials for our product candidates. Notwithstanding our successful development of Iclusig to date, we have limited experience compared to many other biopharmaceutical companies in designing,
initiating, conducting and monitoring the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates. We are currently conducting clinical trials of Iclusig and brigatinib. We are dependent upon our ability and/or the ability
of our collaborators, licensees, contract research organizations, clinical trial sites and investigators to successfully design, initiate, conduct and monitor clinical trials. Failure by us or any of these parties to timely and 33 Table of Contents effectively initiate, conduct and monitor our clinical trials could significantly delay or materially impair our ability to complete clinical trials and/or obtain regulatory approval of our
product candidates and, consequently, could delay or materially impair our ability to generate revenues from them. If any collaborator or licensee
terminates its agreement with us or fails to perform its obligations under its agreement with us, or fails to comply with applicable law, the development and commercialization of our product candidates could be delayed or terminated. Our current or future collaborations and licenses may not result in product candidates that are scientifically or commercially successful or result in the
development or commercialization of any product candidates. In addition, disputes may arise in the future with respect to the ownership of rights to technology or product candidates developed with collaborators and licensees, which could have an
adverse effect on our ability to develop and commercialize any affected product candidate. Our current collaboration and license agreements allow, and we
expect that any future collaborations and licenses will allow, either party to terminate the agreement for specified material breaches by the other party. If a collaborator or licensee terminates its agreement with us, for breach or otherwise, it
may be difficult for us to attract new collaborators or licensees and could adversely affect how we are perceived in the business and financial communities. In addition, a collaborator or licensee could determine that it is in its financial interest
to: • pursue alternative technologies or develop alternative products, either on its own or jointly with others, that may be competitive with the products on which it is collaborating with us or has licensed from us, which
could affect its commitment to us; • pursue higher-priority programs or change the focus of its development programs, which could affect the collaborator’s or licensee’s commitment to us; or • choose to devote fewer resources to the marketing of our product candidates, if any are approved for marketing, than it does for product candidates of its own development. If any of these events occur, the development and commercialization of one or more of our product candidates could be delayed, curtailed or terminated because
we may not have sufficient financial resources or capabilities to continue such development and commercialization on our own. Risks relating to our
intellectual property If our patents do not protect Iclusig or our product candidates, our exclusive commercial rights in the product or product
candidate could be compromised, and if any of our approved drugs or product candidates infringe third-party patents, we could be subject to litigation and substantial liabilities. We have numerous issued patents and patent applications pending in the United States, as well as counterparts in other countries. Our success will depend, in
significant part, on our ability to obtain and maintain United States and foreign patent protection for Iclusig and our product candidates, their manufacture and uses; to preserve our trade secrets; and to operate without infringing the proprietary
rights of third parties. In particular, we believe that composition-of-matter claims are the most significant patent claims for companies in our segment of the pharmaceutical industry that focus on small molecule drug candidates that are new
chemical compounds. While we have patents or patent applications with composition-of-matter claims for Iclusig and each of our product candidates, only a portion of these patents have been granted to date. We cannot be certain that any patents will
issue from our patent applications or, even if patents issue or have issued, that the issued claims will provide us with any significant protection against competitive products or otherwise be valuable commercially. 34 Table of Contents Due to evolving legal standards relating to the patentability, validity and enforceability of patents covering
pharmaceutical inventions and the scope of claims made under these patents, our ability to maintain, obtain and enforce patents is uncertain and involves complex legal and factual questions. U.S. and foreign patent applications typically are
maintained in confidence for a period of time after they initially are filed with the applicable patent office. Similarly, publication of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries. Consequently, we cannot be
certain that we or our licensors were the first to invent, or the first to file patent applications covering Iclusig, our product candidates or their manufacture or use. Third parties, including a number of our competitors, have developed competing and/or complementary technologies upon which patent applications have been
filed and patents have been granted. These third-party technologies concern in part compounds, compositions, methods of use and production of such compounds and compositions, targets, genes and gene mutations, and the use of such targets, genes and
gene mutations to identify drug candidates and develop companion diagnostic methods and corresponding kits. Third-party intellectual property protecting such technologies that are related to our business may cover or conflict with our patent
applications, technologies or product candidates as well as those of complementary businesses which our business relies upon. Such conflicts could limit the scope of the patents that we may be able to obtain or may result in the denial of our patent
applications. If a third party were to obtain intellectual property protection for any of the foregoing, we may be required to challenge such protection, terminate or modify our programs impacted by such protection or obtain licenses from such third
parties, which might not be available on acceptable terms. Also, if a third party were to introduce a product into the market which we believe infringes our patents, we may be required to enforce our patent rights or seek to obtain an injunction or
other relief, which could be time-consuming and expensive. Our patents may be challenged by third parties, in connection with a third party’s
Abbreviated New Drug Application, or ANDA, or otherwise, resulting in the patent being deemed invalid, unenforceable or narrowed in scope, which could compromise the scope or duration of our exclusive rights in the relevant product. An ANDA can be
filed as early as four years after FDA approval of a drug. Other challenges to a patent may be mounted without regard to the date of an FDA approval. Also, our pending patent applications may not issue, and we may not receive any additional patents.
Our patents as issued or as subsequently limited by any litigation might not contain claims that are sufficiently broad to prevent others from circumventing our patent protection and utilizing our technologies. For instance, the issued patents
relating to Iclusig and our product candidates may be limited to a particular molecule or molecules and may not cover similar molecules that have similar clinical properties. Consequently, our competitors may independently develop competing products
that do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property. The laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights to
the same extent as in the United States and other companies have encountered significant difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. If we encounter such difficulties or are otherwise precluded from effectively
protecting our intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions, our business could be substantially harmed. Because of the extensive time required
for development, testing and regulatory review of a drug candidate, it is possible that, before any of our drug candidates can be commercialized, any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization of
our drug candidates, thereby reducing any advantages of the patent. To the extent our approved drugs or drug candidates are not commercialized significantly ahead of the expiration date of any applicable patent, or to the extent we have no other
patent protection on such approved drugs or drug candidates, those drugs and drug candidates would not be protected by patents, and we would then need to rely solely on other types of exclusivity, such as orphan drug exclusivity and other types of
regulatory exclusivity available under the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act. 35 Table of Contents If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, our business and competitive position
could be harmed. In addition to seeking patents for some of our technology and products, we also rely on trade secrets, including unpatented
know-how, technology, and other proprietary information, to maintain our competitive position. We seek to protect these trade secrets, in part, by entering into non-disclosure and confidentiality agreements with parties that have access to them,
such as our employees, collaborators, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, contract manufacturers, consultants, advisors and other third parties. We also have entered into confidentiality and invention or patent assignment
agreements with our employees and our consultants. Any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally disclosed
or misappropriated a trade secret is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, some courts inside and outside the United States are less willing or unwilling to protect trade secrets. If any of our trade
secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor, we would have no right to prevent them from using that technology or information to compete with us. If any our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently
developed by a competitor, our competitive position could be harmed. Risks relating to our operations If we fail to manage the size of our workforce and other resources effectively, our business may suffer. The number of our employees more than doubled prior to our initial launch of Iclusig in January 2013 as we built out the commercial organization that was
responsible for the commercialization of Iclusig in the United States and Europe, but was then reduced by approximately 40 percent of our employees in the United States in the fourth quarter of 2013 in connection with our announcements concerning
the updated safety, marketing and commercial distribution and further clinical development of Iclusig. With the re-launch of Iclusig in the United States in January 2014, we have hired necessary personnel to manage all the requirements of the
business in this re-launch period. We have also entered into a new lease to move our corporate headquarters and laboratory facilities to two buildings
being constructed by the landlord at 75 Binney Street and 125 Binney Street in Cambridge, Massachusetts. We had planned to move into the new buildings in early 2015. However, in light of our announcements in the fourth quarter of 2013 concerning
Iclusig, we re-assessed our current and future need for space in Cambridge and expect to require less space than previously planned. We could not terminate the new lease without substantial cost, and we would have been required to make substantial
expenditures to make necessary improvements to our existing facilities. We are, therefore, planning to sub-lease approximately 170,000 square feet of the 386,000 square feet of the space comprising the new buildings. We are currently planning
the fit-out of the space and expect the space to be ready for occupancy in 2016. Due to delays in the timing of the fit-out and occupancy of the buildings, we expect to be required to commence lease payments for the space prior to occupancy. If we
are unable to sub-lease the space in the buildings that we will not occupy, our cost of occupancy of the space we will use will increase. We are currently in discussion with the landlord regarding our revised plans and timing and other matters in
the lease. In addition, because our drug discovery and development activities are highly technical in nature, we require the services of highly qualified
and trained scientists who have the skills necessary to conduct these activities. We need to attract and retain employees with experience in these fields. We face intense competition for our personnel from our competitors, our collaborators and
other companies throughout our industry. The growth of local biotechnology companies and the expansion of major pharmaceutical companies into the Cambridge, Massachusetts area have increased competition for the available pool of skilled employees,
especially in technical fields, and the high cost of living in the Cambridge area makes it difficult to attract employees from other parts of the country to these areas. We must respond effectively to these demands and manage our internal organization to accommodate our anticipated needs. If we are unable to manage the size of
our workforce and our other resources effectively, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 36 Table of Contents We are currently subject to securities class action litigation and derivative litigation and may be subject
to similar or other litigation such as products liability litigation in the future. The market price of our common stock declined significantly
following our October 2013 announcements concerning the safety, marketing and commercial distribution and further clinical development of Iclusig in the United States. Class action lawsuits have been filed alleging, among other things, that we and
certain of our officers violated federal securities laws by making allegedly material misrepresentations and/or omissions of material fact regarding clinical and safety data for Iclusig in our public disclosures. The plaintiffs seek unspecified
monetary damages on behalf of the putative class and an award of costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees. In addition, in November and
December 2013, purported derivative lawsuits were filed alleging that our directors and certain of our officers breached their fiduciary duties related to the clinical development and commercialization of Iclusig and by making misrepresentations
regarding the safety and commercial marketability of Iclusig. The lawsuits also assert claims for unjust enrichment and corporate waste, and for misappropriation of information and insider trading by the officers named as defendants. The plaintiffs
seek unspecified monetary damages, changes in our corporate governance policies and internal procedures, restitution and disgorgement from the individually named defendants, and an award of costs and expenses, including attorney’s fees. While we believe we have meritorious defenses, we cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits. Monitoring and defending against legal actions, whether or not
meritorious, is time-consuming for our management and detracts from our ability to fully focus our internal resources on our business activities, and we cannot predict how long it may take to resolve these matters. In addition, we may incur
substantial legal fees and costs in connection with litigation. Although we have insurance, coverage could be denied or prove to be insufficient. We are not currently able to estimate the possible cost to us from these lawsuits, as they are
currently at an early stage and we cannot be certain how long it may take to resolve these matters or the possible amount of any damages that we may be required to pay. We have not established any reserves for any potential liability relating to
these lawsuits. It is possible that we could, in the future, incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages. A decision adverse to our interests on these actions could result in the payment of substantial damages and could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, the uncertainty of the currently pending lawsuits could lead to more volatility in our stock price. Our business has a substantial risk of product liability claims. If we are unable to obtain appropriate levels of insurance, product liability claims
could adversely affect our business. Our business exposes us to potential product liability risks inherent in the testing, manufacturing,
marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products. Prior to obtaining regulatory approval to market our products, we or our collaborators are required to test such products in human clinical trials at health care institutions pursuant to agreements
which indemnify such institutions in case of harm caused to patients by our products. We may not be able to avoid significant product liability exposure resulting from use of our products. If product liability lawsuits are brought against us for injuries or deaths allegedly due to patients’ adverse reactions to Iclusig, we may be subject to
additional liability. In any event, a potential product liability lawsuit would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the outcome, product liability claims may result in injury to our reputation, withdrawal of
clinical trial participants, significant costs, diversion of management’s attention and resources, substantial monetary awards, loss of revenue, and additional distractions from our efforts to resume marketing and commercial distribution of
Iclusig in the United States. Although we have product liability insurance, coverage could be denied or prove to be insufficient. Also, we may not be able to renew or retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect
against potential product liability claims, which could also impact the resumption of marketing and commercial distribution of Iclusig in the United States. 37 Table of Contents Risks associated with operating in foreign countries could materially adversely affect our business. We have operations in Europe in order to market Iclusig internationally. In addition, we have distribution, manufacturing, collaborative and
clinical trial relationships outside the United States. Consequently, we are, and will continue to be, subject to risks related to operating in foreign countries. Risks associated with conducting operations in foreign countries include: • differing regulatory requirements for drug approvals and regulation of approved drugs in foreign countries; • changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; • economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; • compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; • compliance with country-specific regulations limiting the use of individuals’ personal information and restricting the transfer of this information to the United States; • foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; • foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses or reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business or operating in another country; • workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; • production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and • business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war and terrorism. These and other
risks associated with our international operations could materially adversely affect our business. In addition, our international operations are subject
to regulation under United States law. For example, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act prohibits United States companies and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of
obtaining or retaining business abroad. In many countries, the health care professionals we regularly interact with may meet the definition of a foreign government official for purposes of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. We are also subject to
import and export control laws. Failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including the possible delay in approval or refusal to approve a product, recalls, seizures, withdrawal of an approved
product from the market, the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions, the prosecution of executives overseeing our international operations and corresponding adverse publicity and negative perception of our company in foreign countries. The loss of key members of our scientific and management staff could delay and may prevent the achievement of our research, development and business
objectives. We are substantially dependent on our senior management team and other employees responsible for areas such as drug development,
clinical trials, regulatory affairs, drug discovery, manufacturing, commercial operations, business development and intellectual property protection and licensing. A loss of key personnel or a failure to properly integrate new personnel could be
disruptive. While we have entered into employment agreements with all of our executive officers, these officers may terminate their 38 Table of Contents employment with us at any time. The value to employees of stock-related benefits that vest over time, such as options and restricted stock units, will be significantly affected by movements in
our stock price that we cannot control, and may at any point in time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. The loss of, and failure to promptly replace, any member of our senior management team could significantly
delay and may prevent the achievement of our research, development and business objectives. If we do not comply with laws regulating the protection
of the environment and health and human safety, our business could be adversely affected. Our research and development efforts involve the
controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive compounds. Although we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by state, federal and foreign
regulations, the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials cannot be eliminated. If an accident occurs, we could be held liable for resulting damages, which could be substantial. We are also subject to numerous environmental,
health and workplace safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of biohazardous materials. Although we maintain workers’ compensation insurance to cover us
for costs we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of these materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. We maintain insurance to cover pollution conditions or other
extraordinary or unanticipated events relating to our use and disposal of hazardous materials that we believe is appropriate based on the small amount of hazardous materials we generate. Additional federal, state and local laws and regulations
affecting our operations may be adopted in the future. We may incur substantial costs to comply with, and substantial fines or penalties if we violate any of these laws or regulations. Security breaches, loss of data and other disruptions could compromise sensitive information related to our business, prevent us from accessing critical
information or expose us to liability, which could adversely affect our business and our reputation. In the ordinary course of our business, we
collect and store sensitive data, including legally protected patient health information, credit card information, personally identifiable information about our employees, intellectual property, and proprietary business information. We manage and
maintain our applications and data utilizing on-site systems. These applications and data encompass a wide variety of business critical information including research and development information, commercial information and business and financial
information. The secure processing, storage, maintenance and transmission of this critical information is vital to our operations and business strategy,
and we devote significant resources to protecting such information. Although we take measures to protect sensitive information from unauthorized access or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by
hackers, or viruses, breaches or interruptions due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions, or lapses in compliance with privacy and security mandates. Any such virus, breach or interruption could compromise our networks and the
information stored there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. We have measures in place that are designed to detect and respond to such security incidents and breaches of privacy and security mandates. Any
such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996,
government enforcement actions and regulatory penalties. Unauthorized access, loss or dissemination could also disrupt our operations, including our ability to bill payors or patients, provide customer support services, conduct research and
development activities, process and prepare company financial information, manage various general and administrative aspects of our business and damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. 39 Table of Contents Risks relating to regulatory approvals, pricing and reimbursement The manufacture, distribution and sale of Iclusig and our product candidates are subject to significant regulatory oversight and restrictions. Regulatory
authorities may require the use of a risk mitigation strategy such as the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) required by the FDA for Iclusig. These restrictions and requirements subject us to increased risks and uncertainties, any of
which could negatively impact sales of Iclusig. In connection with the approval to resume marketing and commercial distribution of Iclusig in the
United States in December 2013, the FDA required us to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS. The objective of the REMS program is to inform prescribers of the risk of vascular occlusion associated with Iclusig and of the
revised USPI. The REMS program includes letters to physicians and professional societies, a fact sheet and information that will be communicated through professional journals and displayed at scientific meetings. In addition, we are fulfilling a
series of post-marketing requirements to better understand the risks of vascular occlusion and to further explore various doses of Iclusig, including enhanced assessment and prospective observation of patients with vascular occlusive events,
continued follow-up monitoring of patients from our Iclusig trials, and a randomized multi-arm trial to characterize a range of Iclusig doses and safe use. Any REMS required by the FDA or other regulatory agencies may lead to increased costs to assure compliance with new post-approval regulatory requirements and
potential requirements or restrictions on the sale of Iclusig, all of which could lead to lower sales volume and revenue. As required by the FDA and other regulatory agencies, the information that we collect while implementing our REMS could result
in further required changes to the Iclusig label and prescribing information or require us to take other actions that could have an adverse effect on Iclusig’s commercial success, which would have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Clinical trials for our product candidates are expensive and time consuming, may take longer than we
expect or may not be completed at all, and their outcome is uncertain. We and our collaborators are currently conducting multiple clinical trials
for our clinical product candidates, and we and our collaborators expect to commence additional trials of Iclusig and our product candidates in the future. Each of our clinical trials requires the investment of substantial expense and time and the
timing of the commencement, continuation and completion of these clinical trials may be subject to significant delays attributable to various causes, including scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians and clinical institutions,
difficulties in identifying and enrolling patients who meet trial eligibility criteria, failure of patients to complete the clinical trial, delay in or failure to obtain IRB approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site, shortages of
available drug supply, or the imposition of a clinical hold by regulatory agencies, such as the partial clinical hold the FDA imposed on additional patient enrollment in all clinical trials of Iclusig in October 2013. Patient enrollment is a
function of many factors, including the size of the target patient population, the proximity of patients to clinical sites, the eligibility criteria for the trial, the existence of competing clinical trials and the availability of alternative
established or investigational treatments. We depend on medical institutions and clinical research organizations, or CROs, to conduct our clinical trials
in compliance with FDA and other applicable requirements and guidelines, often referred to as Good Clinical Practices, and to the extent they fail to enroll patients for our clinical trials, are delayed for a significant time in achieving full
enrollment, or fail to follow proper procedures, we may be affected by increased costs, program delays or both, which may harm our business. In addition, we conduct clinical trials in foreign countries which may subject us to further delays and
expenses as a result of increased drug shipment costs, additional regulatory requirements and the need to engage foreign CROs, as well as expose us to risks associated with less experienced clinical investigators who are unknown to the FDA,
different standards of medical care, and fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates. 40 Table of Contents Clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with Good Clinical Practices and are subject to oversight by the
FDA, other foreign governmental agencies and IRBs at the medical institutions where the clinical trials are conducted. In addition, clinical trials must be conducted with product candidates produced under current Good Manufacturing Practices, or
cGMP, conditions. We, the FDA, the EMA or other foreign governmental agencies could delay, suspend or halt our clinical trials of a product candidate for numerous reasons, including: • deficiencies in the conduct of the clinical trial, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or clinical protocols; • the product candidate may have unforeseen adverse side effects, including fatalities, or a determination may be made that a clinical trial presents unacceptable health risks, such as was reflected in our announcement in
October 2013 that the FDA had imposed a partial clinical hold on all clinical trials for Iclusig following our review of additional clinical data from the PACE trial showing that a higher percentage of patients taking Iclusig had experienced serious
arterial thrombosis and serious venous occlusion after a median of 24 months of follow-up; • the time required to determine whether the product candidate is effective may be longer than expected; • the product candidate may not be more effective than current therapies; • the quality or stability of the product candidate may fall below acceptable standards; • our inability to produce or obtain sufficient quantities of the product candidate to complete the trials; • our inability to obtain IRB approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective site; • lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial, including the incurrence of unforeseen costs due to enrollment delays, requirements to conduct additional trials and studies and increased expenses associated
with the services of our CROs and other third parties; • our inability to recruit and enroll patients to participate in clinical trials for reasons including competition from other clinical trial programs for the same or similar indications; or • our inability to retain patients who have initiated a clinical trial but may be prone to withdraw due to side effects from the therapy, lack of efficacy or personal issues, or who are lost to further follow-up. In addition, clinical trial results are frequently susceptible to varying interpretations that may delay, limit or prevent regulatory
approvals. Negative or inconclusive results or adverse medical events, including patient fatalities that may be attributable to our product candidates, during a clinical trial could cause it to be redone or terminated. Further, some of our clinical
trials may be overseen by an independent data monitoring committee, or DMC, and a DMC may recommend a delay or suspension in one or more of these trials due to safety or futility findings based on events occurring during a clinical trial. If clinical trials of any of our product candidates fail, we or our collaborators may not be able to obtain marketing approval for the product candidate that
is the subject of the failed clinical trials. The FDA and foreign regulatory agencies could also require additional clinical trials before or after granting of marketing approval for any products, which could result in increased costs and
significant delays in the development and commercialization of such products and could result in the withdrawal of such products from the market after initially obtaining marketing approval. Our failure, or the failure of our collaborators, to
adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product candidate in clinical 41 Table of Contents development could delay or prevent obtaining marketing approval of the product candidate and, after obtaining marketing approval, data from post-approval studies could result in the product being
withdrawn from the market, either of which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business. Iclusig and each of our product candidates
will remain subject to ongoing regulatory review even if they receive marketing approval. If we or our collaborators or contractors fail to comply with applicable regulations, we or they may be subject to enforcement action that could adversely
affect us. We and our collaborators and contractors will continue to be subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities even after our product candidates are approved. We and our collaborators and contractors will continue to be subject to FDA requirements governing, among other things, the manufacture, packaging, sale, promotion, adverse event reporting,
storage and recordkeeping of our approved products. For example, in October 2013, the FDA placed a partial clinical hold on all clinical trials of Iclusig and, at the request of the FDA, we suspended marketing and commercial distribution of Iclusig
in the United States following our review of additional clinical data from the pivotal PACE trial of Iclusig. The FDA has also issued Drug Safety Communications concerning Iclusig and revised the approved indications and prescribing information for
Iclusig and the EMA has required additional safety warnings. If we or any of our collaborators fails to comply with the requirements of the FDA and other
U.S. or foreign governmental or regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over our products or operations or previously unknown problems with our products, manufacturers or manufacturing processes are discovered, we or our collaborator could be
subject to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including warning letters; civil or criminal penalties; fines; injunctions; product seizures or detentions; import bans; voluntary or mandatory product recalls; suspension or withdrawal of
regulatory approvals; total or partial suspension of production; and refusal to approve pending applications for marketing approval of new drugs or supplements to approved applications. We rely on third-party contractors for numerous services, and if those contractors fail to fulfill their contractual obligations to us, which affects our
regulatory compliance, we could be adversely affected. For example, during 2014 we conducted a routine quality control audit of a third-party vendor and learned that this vendor did not meet its obligations to report to us all of the adverse events
which its employees had become aware of while it performed patient support services for Iclusig during 2013. As a result, these adverse events in patients receiving Iclusig obtained pursuant to health care providers’ prescriptions were not
reported to the FDA and other regulatory authorities as required. In response, we initiated a corrective action plan with the vendor to identify and report all adverse events from these patients, and we informed the FDA, the EMA and other regulatory
authorities of these findings. We submitted a full report summarizing our review and findings to the regulatory authorities during the fourth quarter of 2014. We also accelerated quality control audits of all third-party contractors providing
patient support services for us in the United States and Europe. Based on our assessment to date of previously unreported adverse events, we do not
expect any changes to the benefit/risk profile of Iclusig. Moreover, these adverse events were identified during commercial use of Iclusig, which are assessed separately from adverse events observed in clinical trials. However, it is too early to
determine whether additional information may arise that could alter our assessment. In addition, the FDA or other regulatory authorities may conduct their own evaluation of the cases, may require additional changes to Iclusig’s prescribing
information, or may take or require us to take other actions that could be costly or time-consuming and/or adversely affect our commercialization of Iclusig. We may not be able to obtain government regulatory approval to market our product candidates. Other than Iclusig, none of our product candidates has been approved for commercialization in any country. Prior to commercialization, each product candidate
will be subject to an extensive and lengthy review process in the United States and in other countries. We or our collaborators may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for any product candidates, or even if approval is obtained, the labeling
for 42 Table of Contents such products may place restrictions on their use that could materially impact the marketability and profitability of those products. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements, which includes
satisfying the FDA and foreign regulatory authorities that the product is both safe and effective for its intended uses, typically takes several years or more depending upon the type, complexity, novelty and safety profile of the product and
requires the expenditure of substantial resources. Uncertainty with respect to meeting the regulatory requirements governing our product candidates may result in excessive costs or extensive delays in the regulatory review process. We will not be able to sell our product candidates if we or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with current good manufacturing practice
requirements. Before approving any of our product candidates, the FDA will inspect the facility or facilities at which the drug product is
manufactured and will not approve the drug candidate unless it is satisfied with our or our third-party manufacturer’s compliance with cGMPs. The manufacturing of our product candidates must comply with cGMP requirements of the FDA and similar
requirements of regulatory agencies in other countries. These requirements govern, among other things, manufacturing, quality control and documentation procedures. We, or any third-party manufacturer of our product candidates, may not be able to
comply with these requirements, which would prevent us from obtaining approval for commercialization of our products. Material changes to the manufacturing processes or a change in manufacturer of products after approvals have been granted are also
subject to review and approval by the FDA or other regulatory agencies. Following approval, such facilities are subject to continuing FDA and foreign regulatory requirements including inspections and failure to comply with cGMPs or similar
regulations could result in regulatory action including market withdrawals and recalls. Government and other third-party payors seek to contain
costs of health care through legislative and other means. If they fail to provide coverage and adequate reimbursement rates for our products, our revenues will be harmed. In both domestic and foreign markets, sales of products depend in part upon the availability of reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party payors
include government health programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, managed care providers, and private health insurers. Governments and other third-party payors continually try to contain or reduce the costs of health care through various means. For
example, in certain foreign markets, pricing of pharmaceutical products is subject to governmental control. In the United States, there have been, and we expect that there will continue to be, a number of federal and state proposals to implement
similar governmental control. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively, the Affordable Care Act or ACA, will require discounts under the Medicare drug
benefit program and increases the rebates paid by pharmaceutical companies on drugs covered by Medicaid. In addition, the ACA imposes an annual fee, which will increase annually, on sales by branded pharmaceutical manufacturers. The financial impact
of these discounts, increased rebates and fees and the other provisions of the ACA on our business is unclear, and there can be no assurance that our business will not be materially harmed by future implementation of the ACA. In addition, third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by demanding price discounts or rebates and limiting both the types
and variety of drugs that they will cover and the amounts that they will pay for drugs. As a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our products. We may have to conduct post-marketing or competitive effectiveness studies in order
to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of Iclusig or any other of our future drugs to such payors’ satisfaction. Such studies might require us to
commit a significant amount of management’s time and financial and other resources. Our products might not ultimately be proven to be cost-effective. Adequate third-party reimbursement might not be available to enable us to maintain price
levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 43 Table of Contents Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may
be based on payments allowed for lower-cost products that already are reimbursed, may be incorporated into existing payments for other products or services, and may reflect budgetary constraints and/or imperfections in Medicare or Medicaid data used
to calculate these rates. Net prices for products are often reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government health care programs or by privately-negotiated discounts. Moreover, the United States federal government, state governments
and private payors frequently pursue actions against pharmaceutical companies alleging that the companies have overstated prices in order to inflate reimbursement rates. Any such action could adversely affect the pricing of and the commercial
success of our products. Any legislation or regulatory changes or relaxation of laws that restrict imports of drugs from other countries also could
reduce the net price we receive for our products. If we market any of our products in a manner that violates federal or state health care laws,
including fraud and abuse laws, laws prohibiting off-label promotion, disclosure laws or other similar laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. We are subject to health care “fraud and abuse” laws, such as the federal False Claims Act and the anti-kickback provisions of the federal Social
Security Act, laws prohibiting off-label product promotion and other similar state and federal laws and regulations. While we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of
compliance policies and systems and the promotion of a culture of compliance, if we are found not to be in full compliance with these laws our business could be materially harmed. The federal anti-kickback law prohibits knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in
exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual, or the ordering, furnishing, arranging for or recommending of an item or service that is reimbursable, in whole or in part, by a federal health care program, such as Medicare or
Medicaid. The federal statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, patients, purchasers and formulary managers on the other hand, and therefore constrains our marketing
practices and our various service arrangements with physicians, including physicians who make clinical decisions to use our products. Although there are a number of statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common
activities from prosecution, the exemptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly. Practices that involve remuneration and that can be construed as inducements for prescribing, purchasing, or recommending our products may be subject to scrutiny or
penalty if they do not qualify for an exemption or safe harbor. Federal false claims laws prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be
presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. Pharmaceutical companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of alleged
promotional and marketing activities, such as providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product; reporting to pricing services inflated average wholesale prices that were then
used by federal programs to set reimbursement rates; engaging in promotion for uses that the FDA has not approved, known as “off-label” uses, that caused claims to be submitted to Medicaid for non-covered off-label uses; and submitting
inflated “best price” information to the Medicaid Rebate Program. Although physicians are permitted to, based on their medical judgment,
prescribe products for indications other than those cleared or approved by the FDA, manufacturers are prohibited from promoting their products for such off-label uses. We market Iclusig for the treatment of adult patients with T315I-positive CML
(chronic phase, accelerated phase, or blast phase) or T315I-positive Ph+ ALL and chronic phase, accelerated phase, or blast phase CML or Ph+ ALL for whom no other TKI therapy is indicated, and provide promotional materials to physicians regarding
the use of Iclusig in these patient populations. If the FDA determines that our promotional materials or other activities constitute off-label promotion, it could request that we modify our promotional materials or other activities or subject us to
regulatory 44 Table of Contents enforcement actions, including the issuance of a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil fine and criminal penalties. It also is possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement
authorities might take action if they believe that the alleged improper promotion led to the submission and payment of claims for an off-label use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under other statutory authorities, such as laws
prohibiting false claims for reimbursement. Even if it is later determined we were not in violation of these laws, we may be faced with negative publicity, incur significant expenses defending our actions and have to divert significant management
resources from other matters. Also applicable to some of our practices is the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, and
its implementing regulations, which created federal criminal laws that prohibit executing a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program or making false statements relating to health care matters and which also imposes certain regulatory and
contractual requirements regarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. The majority of states also
have statutes or regulations similar to the federal anti-kickback law and false claims laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. In addition,
certain states have laws governing the privacy and security of certain health information and personal data, which may differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA and are rapidly evolving, complicating compliance
efforts. Sanctions under these federal and state laws may include civil monetary penalties, exclusion of a pharmaceutical manufacturer’s products from reimbursement under government programs and criminal fines. Even if we are not determined to
have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our business. In recent years, several states and localities, including California, the District of Columbia, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Nevada, New Mexico, Vermont
and West Virginia, have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state or make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials, health
care provider, or HCP payments and other activities. Similar legislation is being considered in other states. Additionally, as part of the ACA, the federal government has enacted the Physician Payment Sunshine provisions, which require
pharmaceutical manufacturers to publicly report gifts and payments made to physicians and teaching hospitals beginning in March 2014. Many of these requirements are new and the penalties for failure to comply with these requirements will be
significant. If we are found not to be in full compliance with these laws, we could face enforcement action, fines and other penalties, and could receive adverse publicity. The ACA also includes various provisions designed to strengthen significantly fraud and abuse enforcement, such as increased funding for enforcement efforts
and the lowering of the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback statute and criminal health care fraud statute such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. If our past or present operations are found to be in violation of any such laws or any other governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject
to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from federal health care programs and/or the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. The risk of our being found in violation of these laws is increased by the
fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are subject to a variety of interpretations. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend
against them, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. The sales
and marketing practices of our industry have been the subject of increased scrutiny from federal and state government agencies, and we believe that this trend will continue. Any action against us for violation of these laws, even if we successfully
defend against them, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. 45 Table of Contents Future health care reform measures could hinder or prevent commercial success of our drugs and drug
candidates. The U.S. federal government and other governments have shown significant interest in pursuing health care reform. Any
government-adopted reform measures could adversely affect the pricing of health care products, including Iclusig and/or any future product candidates approved for sale. The continuing efforts of governments, insurance companies, managed care
organizations and other payors for health care products to contain or reduce health care costs may adversely affect our ability to set prices we believe are fair for Iclusig or any drugs we may develop and commercialize. New laws, regulations and judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations and decisions, relating to health care availability,
methods of delivery or payment for drugs, or sales, marketing or pricing, may limit our potential revenues, and we may need to revise our research and development or commercialization programs. The pricing and reimbursement environment may change in
the future and become more challenging for any of several reasons, including policies advanced by the U.S. government, new health care legislation or fiscal challenges faced by government health administration authorities. Specifically, in the
United States and in some foreign jurisdictions there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals and initiatives to change the health care system in ways that could affect our ability to sell products. Some of these proposed and
implemented reforms could result in reduced reimbursement rates for our current or future products, which would adversely affect our business, operations and financial results. As discussed above, the ACA may have far reaching consequences for
companies like us. As a result of this new legislation, substantial changes could be made to the current system for paying for health care in the United States, including changes made in order to extend medical benefits to those who currently lack
health insurance coverage. Extending coverage to a large population could substantially change the structure of the health insurance system and the methodology for reimbursement. If reimbursement for our products is substantially less than we expect
in the future, or rebate obligations associated with them are substantially increased, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Further
federal and state proposals and health care reforms in and outside of the United States could limit the prices that can be charged for our products and may further limit our commercial opportunity. Our results of operations could be materially
adversely affected by the ACA, by the Medicare prescription drug coverage legislation, by the possible effect of such current or future legislation on amounts that private insurers will pay and by other health care reforms that may be enacted or
adopted in the future. Risks relating to our convertible senior notes and related hedge transactions We have indebtedness in the form of convertible senior notes. The indebtedness created by the sale of the notes and any future indebtedness we incur
expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. In June 2014, we completed an offering
of $200 million of 3.625 percent convertible senior notes due 2019, or the Notes. As a result of the issuance of the Notes, we incurred $200 million principal amount of indebtedness, the principal amount of which we may be required to pay at
maturity on June 15, 2019, or upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture). There can be no assurance that we will be able to repay this indebtedness when due, or that we will be able to refinance this indebtedness
on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, this indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our business, results of operations and financial condition, including: • making it difficult for us to pay other obligations; 46 Table of Contents • making it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements or other purposes; • requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to service the indebtedness, reducing the amount of cash flow available for other purposes; and • limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business. Conversion of the
Notes may affect the price of our common stock. The conversion of some or all of the Notes may dilute the ownership interest of existing
stockholders to the extent we deliver shares of common stock upon conversion. Holders of the outstanding Notes will be able to convert them only upon the satisfaction of certain conditions prior to the close of business on the business day
immediately preceding December 15, 2018. Upon conversion, holders of the Notes will receive cash, shares of common stock or a combination of cash and shares of common stock, at our election. Any sales in the public market of shares of common
stock issued upon conversion of such notes could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. We cannot predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if any, that they may have on the market price for our common stock. The issuance
and sale of substantial amounts of common stock, or the perception that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or
convertible debt securities. We may incur substantially more debt or take other actions which would intensify the risks discussed above; and we may
not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Notes and any future indebtedness we may incur. We and our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in any debt instruments that we enter into
in the future, some of which may be secured debt. We are not restricted under the terms of the indenture governing the Notes from incurring additional debt, securing existing or future debt, recapitalizing our debt or taking a number of other
actions that are not limited by the terms of the indenture governing the Notes that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the Notes when due. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes, depends on our future
performance, which is subject to economic, financial, regulatory, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow from operations in the future sufficient to satisfy our obligations under the Notes and any
future indebtedness we may incur, as well as to make necessary capital expenditures. If we are unable to generate such cash flow, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as reducing or delaying our research, development or
commercialization efforts, investments or capital expenditures, selling or licensing assets, refinancing or obtaining additional debt or equity financing on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our ability to refinance the Notes or future
indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. In addition, agreements that govern any future indebtedness
that we may incur may contain financial and other restrictive covenants that will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default
that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of some or all of our debt. We may not be able to raise the funds necessary to
settle conversions of the Notes or to repurchase the Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the Notes. Holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a fundamental change repurchase
price equal to 100 percent of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. In addition, upon conversion of the Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle
such conversion (other than 47 Table of Contents paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be
able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of Notes surrendered therefor or Notes being converted. In addition, our ability
to repurchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversions of the Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the
indenture governing the Notes or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the Notes as required by the indenture governing the Notes would constitute a default under the indenture governing the Notes. A default under the indenture governing
the Notes or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not
have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the Notes or make cash payments upon conversions of the Notes. The Notes contain a
conditional conversion feature, which, if triggered, may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. The Notes contain a
conditional conversion feature. If such feature is triggered, holders of Notes will be entitled to convert the Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to convert their Notes, unless we elect to
satisfy our conversion obligation by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our conversion obligation through the payment
of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. In addition, even if holders do not elect to convert their Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the Notes as
a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our working capital. The convertible note hedge and
warrant transactions we entered into in connection with our issuance of the Notes may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock. In
connection with our offering of the Notes, we entered into a convertible note hedge transaction with a financial institution, or the hedge counterparty. We entered into this convertible note hedge transaction with the expectation that it will reduce
the potential dilution to our common stock and/or offset potential cash payments in excess of the principal amount of the Notes, as the case may be, upon conversion of the Notes. In the event that the hedge counterparty fails to deliver shares to us
or potential cash payments, as the case may be, as required under the convertible note hedge document, we would not receive the benefit of such transaction. Separately, we also entered into a warrant transaction with the hedge counterparty. The
warrant transaction could separately have a dilutive effect to the extent that the market price per share of our common stock as measured over the valuation period at the maturity of the warrants exceeds the strike price of the warrants. In connection with hedging this transaction, the hedge counterparty and/or its affiliates may enter into various derivative transactions with respect to our
common stock, and may enter into, or may unwind, various derivative transactions and/or purchase or sell our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to maturity of Notes (and are likely to do so during any
conversion period related to any conversion of the Notes). These activities could have the effect of increasing or preventing a decline in, or could have a negative effect on, the value of our common stock. In addition, we intend to exercise options under the convertible note hedge transaction whenever the Notes are converted. Depending upon the method we elect
to exercise such options, in order to unwind its hedge position with respect to the options we exercise, the hedge counterparty and/or its affiliates may sell shares of our common stock or other securities in secondary market transactions or unwind
various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock. The effect, if any, of any of these transactions 48 Table of Contents and activities on the trading price of our common stock or the Notes will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time, but any of these activities could adversely
affect the value of our common stock and the value of the Notes. The derivative transactions that the hedge counterparty and/or its affiliates expect to enter into to hedge this transaction may include cash-settled equity swaps referenced to our
common stock. In certain circumstances, the hedge counterparty and/or its affiliates may have derivative positions that, when combined with the hedge counterparty’s and its affiliates’ ownership of our common stock, if any, would give them
economic exposure to the return on a significant number of shares of our common stock. The accounting method for convertible debt securities that
may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. In May 2008, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board (“FASB”) issued FASB Staff Position No. APB 14-1, Accounting for Convertible Debt Instruments That May Be Settled in Cash Upon Conversion (Including Partial Cash Settlement) , which has subsequently been codified as
Accounting Standards Codification 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options (“ASC 470-20”). Under ASC 470-20, an entity must separately account for the liability and equity components of the convertible debt instruments (such
as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects the issuer’s economic interest cost. The effect of ASC 470-20 on the accounting for the Notes is that the equity component is required to
be included in the additional paid-in capital section of stockholders’ equity on our consolidated balance sheet, and the value of the equity component would be treated as original issue discount for purposes of accounting for the debt component
of the Notes. As a result, we will be required to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense in current periods presented as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the Notes to their face amount over the term of
the Notes. We will report lower net income or higher net loss in our financial results because ASC 470-20 will require interest to include both the current period’s amortization of the debt discount and the instrument’s coupon interest,
which will adversely affect our reported or future financial results. The trading price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes may also be adversely affected. In addition, convertible debt instruments (such as the Notes) that may be settled entirely or partly in cash are, where the issuer has the intent to settle
such instruments partly in a cash amount equal to the principal amount, currently accounted for utilizing the treasury stock method, the effect of which is that the shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes are not included in the calculation of
diluted earnings per share except to the extent that the conversion value of the Notes exceeds their principal amount. Under the treasury stock method, for diluted earnings per share purposes, the transaction is accounted for as if the number of
shares of common stock that would be necessary to settle such excess, if we elected to settle such excess in shares, are issued. We cannot be sure that the accounting standards in the future will continue to permit the use of the treasury stock
method. If we are unable to use the treasury stock method in accounting for the shares issuable upon conversion of the Notes, then our diluted earnings per share would be adversely affected. We expect to use the “if converted” method to
compute earnings per share, which could be more dilutive than using the “treasury stock” method. Certain provisions in the Notes and the
indenture could delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover or takeover attempt of us and, therefore, the ability of holders to exercise their rights associated with a fundamental change . Certain provisions in the Notes and the indenture could make it more difficult or more expensive for a third party to acquire us. For example, if an
acquisition event constitutes a fundamental change, holders of the Notes will have the right to require us to purchase their Notes in cash. In addition, if an acquisition event constitutes a make-whole fundamental change, we may be required to
increase the conversion rate for holders who convert their Notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. Accordingly, our obligations under the Notes and the indenture as well as provisions of our organizational documents and other
agreements could increase the cost of acquiring us or otherwise discourage a third party from acquiring us or removing incumbent management. 49 Table of Contents Risks relating to our common stock Results of our operations, new clinical and safety data, FDA and other regulatory actions, general market conditions for biotechnology stocks and other
factors could result in a sudden change in the value of our stock. As a biopharmaceutical company, we continue to experience significant
volatility in the price of our common stock. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2014, our stock price ranged from a high of $9.83 per share to a low of $4.90 per share. In connection with our October 2013 announcements concerning the
safety, marketing and commercial distribution and further clinical development of Iclusig in the United States, our stock price declined by 87 percent, from a closing price of $17.14 per share before on the day the first announcements to a low of
$2.15 per share following the announcements. Some of the many factors that could contribute to such volatility include: • actual or anticipated results of our commercialization and continued development of Iclusig, including potential approvals of Iclusig in additional markets; • our development and the expected timing of any regulatory approvals of brigatinib and our product candidates; • additional actual or anticipated actions taken by regulatory agencies that may impact Iclusig and our product candidates; • evidence of the safety or efficacy of Iclusig and our product candidates, including additional data on serious arterial thrombosis and serious venous occlusion of CML patients being treated with Iclusig or the
occurrence of other serious adverse events; • litigation, including the securities class action and derivative lawsuits pending against us and certain of our officers; • announcements regarding results and timing of preclinical studies and clinical trials for our product candidates; • announcements of financial results and other operating performance measures, including product revenues; • our funding resources and requirements, including announcements of new equity or debt financings; • the timing of our receipt of, or our failure to receive, future milestones under our license agreements with our collaborators; • announcements regarding existing collaborations or new collaborations or our failure to enter into collaborations; • announcements regarding product developments or regulatory approvals obtained by companies developing competing products; • announcements of technological innovations or new therapeutic product candidates; 50 Table of Contents • developments relating to intellectual property rights, including licensing, litigation and governmental regulation; • healthcare or cost-containment legislation and public policy pronouncements; • sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; • market conditions for biopharmaceutical stocks in general; • announcements regarding the potential proxy contest for our 2015 annual meeting or the outcome thereof, as well as any potential related litigation; and • general economic and market conditions. The stock markets, and the markets for biotechnology stocks in
particular, have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Investors may not be able to sell
when they desire due to insufficient buyer demand and may realize less than, or lose all of, their investment. A potential proxy contest for the
election of directors at our 2015 annual meeting could distract our management, divert our resources and adversely impact our business and financial condition Sarissa Capital Domestic Fund LP and its affiliates (collectively, “Sarissa”) submitted notices of its intention to nominate three individuals for
election to our Board of Directors at our 2015 annual meeting of stockholders. Sarissa has also stated that it is seeking the imminent retirement of Harvey J. Berger, M.D., the Chairman of our Board of Directors, as the company’s Chief
Executive Officer. If Sarissa does not withdraw its nominations and we are unable to reach an agreement with Sarissa relating to our 2015
annual meeting, a proxy contest is likely to occur. A proxy contest could adversely affect our business and financial condition because: • a proxy contest can be disruptive, costly and time-consuming, and divert the attention of our Board of Directors, management and employees; • perceived uncertainties as to our future direction, including, but not limited to, uncertainties related to our CEO and Board of Directors, may result in the loss of potential business opportunities, and may make it
more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel, customers or other business partners; • if individuals are elected to our Board of Directors with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our business strategy and create additional value for our stockholders; • the expenses for legal and advisory fees and the administrative and associated costs incurred in connection with a potential proxy contest may be substantial; and • we may choose to initiate, or may become subject to, litigation as a result of the potential proxy contest or matters resulting from the potential proxy contest, which could serve as a further distraction to our Board
of Directors, management and employees and could require us to incur significant additional costs. The market price of our common stock
could be subject to significant fluctuation or otherwise be adversely affected by the events, risks and uncertainties described above. Anti-takeover provisions of Delaware law, provisions in our charter and bylaws and our shareholder rights plan could delay, discourage or make more
difficult a third-party acquisition of control of us. Because we are a Delaware corporation, certain provisions of Delaware law could delay,
discourage or make more difficult a third-party acquisition of control of us, even if the change in control would be beneficial to stockholders or the stockholders regard it as such. We are subject to the provisions of Section 203 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL, which prohibits certain “business combination” transactions (as defined in Section 203) with an “interested stockholder” (defined in Section 203 as a 15 percent or greater
stockholder) for a period of three years after a stockholder becomes an “interested stockholder”, unless the attaining of “interested stockholder” status or the transaction is pre-approved by our board of directors, the
transaction results in the attainment of at least an 85 percent ownership level by an acquirer or the transaction is later approved by our board of directors and by our stockholders by at least a 66 2/3 percent vote of our stockholders other than
the “interested stockholder”, each as specifically provided in Section 203. In addition, because our board of directors is a classified
board, as described below, Section 141(k)(1) of the DGCL provides that directors may only be removed by the stockholders and then only for “cause”. Further, Section 242(b)(1) of the DGCL provides that amendment of our certificate
of incorporation requires that the amendment be determined by the board of directors to be advisable and be submitted by our board of directors to our stockholders for action by them and then approved by our stockholders holding a majority of the
outstanding shares of our common stock. Our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws, each as currently in effect, also contain certain provisions
that may delay, discourage or make more difficult a third-party acquisition of control of us: • a classified board of directors, with three classes of directors, each serving for a staggered three-year term, such that not all members of the board of directors may be elected at one time; • the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the board of directors; • any vacancies on the board of directors may only be filled by a majority of the directors then serving, although not a quorum, and not by the stockholders; • the ability of the board of directors to issue preferred stock that could dilute the stock ownership of a potential unsolicited acquirer and so possibly hinder an acquisition of control of us that is not approved by our
board of directors, including through the use of preferred stock in connection with a shareholder rights plan which we could adopt by action of the board of directors; 51 Table of Contents • record date-setting provisions for annual and special meetings of stockholders and actions by written consent, provisions regulating the conduct of meetings of stockholders and action by written consent, and
“advance notice” timing and informational requirements for stockholder nominations to our board of directors at stockholder meetings or for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder meetings or by written consent; and • the inability of our stockholders to call a special meeting of stockholders, the limitation of matters to be acted upon at an annual meeting of stockholders to those matters proposed by us or properly brought before the
meeting and the limitation of matters to be acted upon at a special meeting of stockholders to matters which we place on the agenda for the meeting. We have adopted a shareholder rights plan in the form of a Section 382 Rights Plan, designed to help protect and preserve our substantial tax attributes
primarily associated with our NOLs and research tax credits under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code and related U.S. Treasury regulations. The plan was approved by our stockholders in June 2014, expires in October 2016 and may not be
amended to extend the expiration date. Although this is not the purpose of the Section 382 Rights Plan, it could have the effect of making it uneconomical for a third party to acquire us on a hostile basis. These provisions of the DGCL, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, and our Section 382 Rights Plan may delay, discourage or make more difficult
certain types of transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over the current market price, and might limit the ability of our stockholders to approve transactions that they think may be in their best
interest. 