, and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Generally, the words “may,” “will,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “intend,” “believe,” “seek,” “estimate,” “plan,” “view,” “continue,” the plural of such terms, the negatives of such terms, or other comparable terminology and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements. The information included in this Form 10-K is provided as of the filing date with the Securities and Exchange Commission and future events or circumstances could differ significantly from the forward-looking statements included herein. Accordingly, we caution readers not to place undue reliance on such statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K. BUSINESS General We are one of the world’s leading designers, developers and suppliers of microcontrollers, which are self-contained computers-on-a-chip. Microcontrollers are generally less expensive, consume less power and offer enhanced programming capabilities compared to traditional microprocessors. Our microcontrollers and related products are used in many of the world’s leading industrial, consumer and automotive electronic products, mobile computing and communications devices, including smartphones, tablets and personal computers, and other electronics products in which they provide core, embedded processing functionalities for, among other things, system control and interface functions, touch and proximity sensing, sensor management, security, encryption and wireless connectivity, and battery management. With our microcontroller, encryption and connect wireless technologies, and the systems, combinations and modules we can offer with those stand-alone or integrated capabilities, we believe that we have a compelling set of products for the “Internet of Things,” where smart, connected devices and appliances seamlessly and securely share data and information. These products are also well suited for the “wearables” sector, where our microcontrollers may be used to manage multiple accelerometers or sensors within a device, to communicate information from that device to a gateway, or to track or monitor other activities. We also continue to seek opportunities to enhance human machine interaction, or HMI, by leveraging our touch experience, our microcontroller know-how and our significant intellectual property ("IP") portfolio. In addition, we design and sell other semiconductor products that complement our microcontroller business, including nonvolatile memory, radio frequency and mixed-signal components and application specific integrated circuits. Our product portfolio allows us to address a broad range of high growth applications, including, for example, industrial, building and home electronics systems, smart meters used for utility monitoring and billing, commercial, residential and architectural LED-based lighting systems, touch panels used in household and industrial appliances, medical devices, aerospace and military products and systems, and a growing universe of electronic-based automotive systems where semiconductor content has increased rapidly. We believe the market for microcontrollers that offer integrated security, encryption and wireless functions will continue to grow. That growth offers us significant emerging opportunities in the “Internet of Things,” “wearables,” automotive and HMI markets in addition to the industrial, consumer, aerospace and communications sectors in which we have historically participated. On February 4, 2015, we announced the first quarterly cash dividend payment, in the amount of $0.04 per common share, in our 30-year history. We have developed an extensive IP portfolio of more than 1,600 U.S. and foreign patents. Our patents, and patent applications, cover important and fundamental microcontroller, capacitive touch and other technologies that support and protect our products. We were originally incorporated in California in December 1984. In October 1999, we were reincorporated in Delaware. Our principal offices are located at 1600 Technology Drive, San Jose, California 95110, and our telephone number is (408) 441-0311. 3 Table of Contents Our website is located at: www.atmel.com; however, the information in, or that can be accessed through our website is not part of this annual report. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to such reports are available, free of charge, through the “Investors” section of www.atmel.com and we make them available as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC also maintains a website located at www.sec.gov that contains our SEC filings. Products We currently organize our business into four reportable operating segments (see Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion). Each of those reportable operating segments offers products that compete in one or more of the end markets described below under the caption “Principal Markets and Customers.” • Microcontroller . This segment includes Atmel's general purpose microcontroller and microprocessor families, AVR ® 8-bit and 32-bit products, Atmel ® | SMART TM ARM ® based products, Atmel's 8051 8-bit products, designated commercial wireless products, including low power radio and SOC products that meet Bluetooth, Bluetooth Low Energy, Zigbee and Wi-Fi specifications, Atmel's maXTouch capacitive touch product families and optimized products for smart energy, touch button, and mobile sensor hub and LED lighting applications. The Microcontroller segment comprised 70% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 , compared to 69% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 . • Nonvolatile Memory . This segment includes electrically erasable programmable read-only ("EEPROM"), erasable programmable read-only memory ( “ EPROM ” ) devices and secure cryptographic products. The Nonvolatile Memory segment comprised 12% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 , compared to 11% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 . • Automotive. This segment includes devices for automotive electronics, including products using radio frequency technology. The Automotive segment comprised 11% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 , compared to 12% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 . • Multi-Market and Other. This segment includes application specific and standard products for aerospace applications and legacy products. The Multi-Market and Other segment comprised 7% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 , compared to 8% of our net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2013 . On February 4, 2015, we announced our decision to exit the XSense business. Prior period operating segment presentations have been revised to conform to the Company's revised segment reporting. Within each reportable operating segment, we offer our customers products and solutions with a range of speed, density, power consumption, specialty packaging, security and other features. Microcontroller Our Microcontroller segment offers customers a full range of products to serve the industrial, consumer, automotive, medical, communications and computing markets for embedded control and interface solutions. Our product portfolio consists of proprietary and non-proprietary architectures, with four major Flash - based microcontroller families targeted at the high volume embedded control market, including our: • Atmel | SMART 32-bit ARM product families; • Atmel AVR proprietary 8-bit and 32-bit product families; • Atmel 8051 8-bit product families; and • Atmel maXTouch and QTouch® product families. We also offer 8-bit and 32-bit based microprocessor products that have Bluetooth, Bluetooth Low Energy, Wi-Fi and Zigbee wireless capabilities. All our microcontroller product families are supported by Atmel Studio, an online, integrated development platform for developing and debugging embedded processing systems. We believe that our portfolio of AVR and Atmel | SMART ARM-based products gives us one of the broadest microcontroller portfolios in the market. Atmel | SMART ARM-based Solutions Our Atmel | SMART ARM-based products use the industry-standard 32-bit ARM™, ARM9™, ARM Cortex-A5 and ARM Cortex-M architectures. Those products allow us to offer a range of products with and without embedded nonvolatile memories. 4 Table of Contents Our customers save significant development time using our proprietary integrated development platform known as Atmel Studio, supplemented by broad industry-standard development tools, operating systems (including Linux and Android), protocol stacks and applications. Our Atmel Cortex M3-based, Cortex M4-based, Cortex M0+-based, Cortex M7-based and ARM7TDMI - based microcontrollers provide a migration path from 8 and 16-bit microcontroller technology for applications where more system performance and larger on-chip Flash memory is required. These products are optimized for low power consumption and reduced system cost and also support our QTouch technology. Selected devices integrate cryptographic accelerators and protection against physical attacks, making them suitable, as an example, for financial transaction applications requiring the highest security levels. Our SAMA5 ARM Cortex-A5-based products introduced in 2013 offer high performance embedded processors combined with high levels of integration and optimization for low power consumption and small size that offer advantages in battery powered applications and embedded control systems. Our SAM9 ARM926-based products are highly-integrated, high-performance 32-bit embedded microprocessors, with complex analog and digital peripherals integrated on the same chip, offering high-speed connectivity, optimal data bandwidth, and rich interface support. AVR Microcontrollers Atmel AVR microcontrollers, which incorporate our proprietary technology, combine a code-efficient architecture for “C” and assembly programming with the ability to tune system parameters throughout the product’s entire life cycle. Our AVR microcontrollers, available with both 8-bit and 32-bit processors, are designed to deliver enhanced computing performance at lower power consumption than competitive products. We also offer a full suite of industry leading development tools and design support, enabling customers to easily and cost-effectively refine and improve their product offering. We have a significant development community that has evolved for our AVR products, with many developers actively collaborating through social networking sites dedicated to supporting our AVR microcontrollers. Atmel 8051 Our 8051 8-bit microcontroller product offering is based on the standard 8051 CPU and ranges from products containing 2 kilobytes (“Kbytes”) of embedded Flash memory to the largest products offering 128 Kbytes of embedded Flash memory. Our 8051 products address a significant portion of the 8-bit microcontroller market in which customers already have an installed software and application base that uses standard 8051 architecture. Atmel Wireless Solutions Atmel wireless solutions are focused on enabling the market for smart connected devices and applications supporting industry standard Bluetooth, Bluetooth Low Energy, Zigbee and Wi-Fi protocols. These applications include products designed for the “Internet of Things” and “wearables” sectors. Atmel wireless solutions are also integrated with Atmel microcontrollers and development tools. Touch Solutions Through our maXTouch and QTouch products, we are a leading supplier of capacitive sensing solutions enabling touch screens and other touch interfaces for mobile devices, automobiles and other industrial and consumer electronic systems. Our maXTouch architecture combines touch sensing with sophisticated algorithms, enabling the most advanced touch capabilities on screen sizes ranging from gaming controls, through mobile phones to tablet devices and larger screen computers. Our QTouch devices are microcontroller-based capacitive sensing solutions designed to enable discrete button, slider and wheel touch applications. With the flexibility of our microcontroller architecture, a user is able to integrate multiple touch features, such as "proximity sensing" or gesture recognition, in a single device. Our QTouch functionality is available across many of our microcontroller product families. Nonvolatile Memory Secure Products Our CryptoAuthentication ® and CryptoMemory ® families offer a highly secure, hardened solution for reliable authentication of devices, accessories and consumables, storage for confidential information and trusted identification for IoT devices across wired and wireless networks. For the tablet, laptop and networking markets, we offer FIPS-certified Trusted Platform Modules (TPM) to enhance security and provide protected storage for encryption keys. 5 Table of Contents EEPROM EEPROM products offer customers the flexibility and ability to alter single bytes of data. Our EEPROM products consist of two main families: Serial EEPROM and Parallel EEPROM. Atmel Serial EEPROMs Our Serial EEPROM products were developed to meet market demand for delivery of nonvolatile memory content through specialized, low pin-count interfaces and packages. The product portfolio includes densities ranging from 1K-bit to 1M-bit. We currently offer three complete families of Serial EEPROMs, supporting industry standard I 2 C (2-wire), Microwire TM (3-wire), and serial peripheral interface (“SPI”) protocols. Our Serial EE products are primarily used to store personal preference data and configuration/setup data, in consumer, automotive, communications, medical, industrial, and computing applications. Atmel Parallel EEPROMs We are a leading supplier of high performance, in-system programmable Parallel EEPROMs. We believe that our Parallel EEPROM products represent the industry’s most complete offering. We emphasize high reliability in the design of our Parallel EEPROMs, which is achieved through the incorporation of on-chip error detection and correction features. Parallel EEPROMs offer high endurance programmability and are highly flexible, offering faster data transfer rates and higher memory densities when compared to some serial interface architectures. These products are generally used to store frequently updated data in communications infrastructure equipment and avionics navigation systems. Atmel EPROMs The general one-time programmable (“OTP”) EPROM market is a niche segment within the nonvolatile memory market, as erasable non-volatile memories have become more prevalent. Our OTP EPROM products address the high-performance portion of this market where demand and pricing are relatively stable. These products are generally used to store the operating code of embedded microcontroller or DSP-based systems that need a memory solution for direct code execution where the memory contents cannot be tampered with or altered by the user. Automotive Automotive RF We are a leading supplier of automobile access solutions, which include keyless entry products for passive entry/go systems, key fob electronics and the car side electronics. Our innovative car access ICs with immobilizer functionality incorporate the widely accepted advanced encryption standard (“AES”), offering enhanced car theft protection. High Voltage Our products withstand and operate at high voltages, and allow a direct connection to the battery of a vehicle. We offer intelligent load drivers and other components for automobile bus systems based on local interconnect network in-vehicle networking (“LIN/IVN”) and the latest controller area network ("CAN") standards. The applications for the load drivers are primarily electrical motor and actuator drivers and smart valve controls. Our LIN/IVN in-vehicle networking products help car makers simplify the wire harness by using the LIN bus, which is rapidly gaining popularity. Many body electronic applications can be connected and controlled via the LIN network bus, including switches, actuators and sensors. Our products supporting the new CAN FD standards are designed to increase the CAN bus speed to support bandwidth demanding applications. Multi-Market and Other Our Multi-Market and Other segment includes application specific integrated circuits (“ASICs”) and aerospace products. Our ASICs are designed for customers in the medical, consumer and security markets. Our aerospace products are designed for satellite and other markets in which radiation-hardened devices are required. On February 4, 2015, we announced our decision to exit the XSense business. 6 Table of Contents Technology For over 30 years, we have focused our efforts on developing advanced CMOS processes that can be used to manufacture reliable nonvolatile elements for memory and advanced logic integrated circuits. We believe that our experience in single and multiple-layer metal CMOS processing gives us a competitive advantage in developing and delivering high-density, high-speed and low-power memory and logic products. We meet customers’ demands for constantly increasing functionality on ever-smaller ICs by increasing the number of layers we use to build the circuits on a wafer and by reducing the size of the transistors and other components in the circuit. To accomplish this we develop and introduce new wafer processing techniques as necessary. Our current ICs incorporate effective feature sizes as small as 65 nanometers. We are developing processes that will support effective feature sizes smaller than 45 nanometers, which we expect to produce at outside wafer foundries in the future. Principal Markets and Customers Arrow Electronics, Inc., and Avnet, Inc., distributors for our products, each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 . Arrow Electronics, Inc., a distributor, and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. ("Samsung"), an end-customer, each accounted for more than 10% of our revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 . For further discussion see Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Industrial While the industrial electronics market has traditionally been considered a slow growth end-market compared to the communications or computing sectors, the use of digital electronics in industrial applications has continually increased. We expect the development of the IoT to enhance growth opportunities for semiconductor products within the industrial sector in the next several years. We believe that our product portfolio, including our integrated microcontroller, security-related and wireless solutions, provides a compelling suite of products targeted to that growth opportunity. A significant transition from mechanical to digital solutions also continues to occur, with products such as temperature sensors, motor controls, factory lighting, smart energy meters and commercial appliances integrating an increasing percentage of semiconductor content. We also provide microcontrollers, nonvolatile memory, high-voltage and mixed - signal products that are designed to work effectively in harsh environments. Consumer Goods Our products are used in many consumer electronics products. We provide microcontrollers for batteries and battery chargers that minimize power consumption by being “turned on” only when necessary. Our microcontrollers are also offered for lighting controls and touchscreen user interface applications. In addition, we provide secure tamper resistant circuits for embedded personal computer security applications. We also sell capacitive touch products for Buttons, Sliders and Wheels that are used to provide tactile-based user interfaces for many consumer products. Our technology can be found, for example, in many home appliances, such as washing machines, dryers and refrigerators. Automotive The automobile market continues to rely more extensively on electronics solutions. For automotive applications, we provide semiconductors used in electronics for passenger comfort and convenience, infotainment, safety related chassis subsystems, keyless entry solutions, capacitive touch interface including touch screen controllers and capacitive switch controllers. With our introduction of high-voltage and high-temperature capable ICs we are broadening our automotive reach to systems and controls in the engine compartment. Virtually all of these are application‑specific mixed signal ICs. We believe that this market offers longer-term growth opportunities that will be driven by the ongoing demand for sophisticated automotive electronic systems. Mobile Devices Mobile devices use many of our solutions, including capacitive touchscreen, sensor management and crypto-memory technologies. We offer touch solutions for screen sizes ranging from 1.5" to 23.0", thereby allowing us to address the smartphone, tablet, Ultrabook and personal computer segments. Product life cycles in these markets tend to be significantly shorter than the life cycle for products in the industrial, general consumer or automotive markets, requiring more frequent product refreshes and ongoing reviews and enhancements of feature sets. Communications, Networking and Telecommunications We offer a range of products that are used in two-way pagers, mobile radios, cordless phones, and nonvolatile memory products that are used in the switches, routers, cable modem termination systems and access multiplexers. 7 Table of Contents Military and Aerospace The military and aerospace industries require products that will operate under extreme conditions and are tested to higher standards than commercial products. Through foreign subsidiaries, we offer radiation‑hardened (“Rad-Hard”) products that meet the unique requirements of space and industrial applications. For these applications, our foreign subsidiaries provide Rad-Hard ASICs, FPGAs, SRAM, nonvolatile memories and microcontrollers. We also offer devices designed for aviation and military applications. Manufacturing Once we either produce or purchase fabricated wafers, we probe and test the individual circuits on them to identify those that do not function. After probe, we send all of our wafers to one of our independent assembly contractors where they are cut into individual chips and assembled into packages. Most of the finished products are given a final test by the assembly contractors although some are shipped to our test facilities in the Philippines, where we perform final electrical testing and visual inspection before delivery to customers. The raw materials and equipment we use to produce our integrated circuits are available from several suppliers. We are not dependent upon any single source of supply. However, some materials have been in short supply in the past and lead times on occasion have lengthened, especially during semiconductor expansion cycles. As of December 31, 2014 , we owned and operated one wafer fabrication facility located in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Consistent with our strategic determination made several years ago to maintain lower fixed costs and capital investment requirements, we rely primarily on third-party semiconductor foundry partners for our most advanced manufacturing requirements. Environmental Compliance We are subject to a variety of international, federal, state and local governmental regulations related to the discharge or disposal of toxic, volatile or otherwise hazardous chemicals used in our manufacturing processes. Increasing public attention has been focused on the environmental impact of semiconductor operations. Although we have not experienced any material adverse effect on our operations from environmental regulations, any changes in such regulations or in their enforcement may impose the need for additional capital equipment or other requirements. If for any reason we fail to control the use of, or to restrict adequately the discharge of, hazardous substances under present or future regulations, we could be subject to substantial liability or our manufacturing operations could be suspended. See Item 1A - Risk Factors. Marketing and Sales We generate our revenue by selling our products directly to OEMs and indirectly to OEMs through our network of global distributors. We market our products worldwide to a diverse base of OEMs serving primarily commercial markets. We sell our products to large OEM accounts through our direct sales force, using manufacturers’ representatives or through national and regional distributors. Our agreements with our representatives and distributors are generally terminable by either party on short notice, subject to local laws. Direct sales to OEMs as a percentage of net revenue for the year ended December 31, 2014 were 40% , while sales to distributors were 60% of net revenue. Our sales outside the U.S. represented 85% , 86% and 87% of net revenue in 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , respectively. We expect that revenue from our international customers and sales to distributors will continue to represent a significant portion of our net revenue. International sales and sales to distributors are subject to a variety of risks, including those arising from currency fluctuations, tariffs, trade barriers, taxes, export license requirements, foreign government regulations, and risk of non-payment by distributors. See Item 1A — Risk Factors. Research and Development We believe significant investment in research and development is vital to our success, growth and profitability, and we will continue to devote substantial resources, including management time, to this activity. Our primary objectives are to increase performance of our existing products, develop new wafer processing and design technologies and draw upon these technologies, and our experience in embedded applications to create new products. For the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , we spent $274.6 million , $266.4 million and $251.5 million , respectively, on research and development. Research and development expenses are charged to operations as incurred. We expect these expenditures to continue to be significant in the future as we continue to invest in new products and new manufacturing process technology. 8 Table of Contents Competition We operate in markets that are intensely competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, product obsolescence and price decline. Throughout our product line, we compete with a number of large semiconductor manufacturers, such as Cypress, Freescale, Infineon, Intel, Microchip, NXP Semiconductors, ON Semiconductor, Renesas, Samsung, Silicon Labs, STMicroelectronics, Synaptics, and Texas Instruments. Some of these competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and management resources than we do. We also compete with emerging companies that are attempting to sell products in specialized markets that our products address. We compete principally on the basis of the technical innovation and performance of our products, including product speed, density, power consumption, reliability and specialty packaging alternatives, as well as on price and product availability. During the last three years, we have experienced significant price competition in several business segments, especially in our Nonvolatile Memory segment and in our Microcontroller segment for commodity and touch microcontrollers. We expect continuing competitive pressures in our markets from existing competitors and new entrants, new technology and cyclical demand, which, among other factors, will likely result in continuing pressure to reduce future average selling prices for our products. Patents and Licenses Our success and future product revenue growth depend, in part, on our ability to protect our intellectual property. We rely primarily on patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary technologies and processes. However, these may not provide meaningful or adequate protection for all of our IP. As of December 31, 2014 , we had 1,696 U.S. and foreign patents and 763 pending patent applications. These patents and patent applications cover important and fundamental microcontroller, capacitive touch and other technologies that support our product strategy. We operate an internal program to identify patentable developments and we file patent applications wherever necessary to protect our proprietary technologies. The semiconductor industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of IP rights or positions, which have on occasion resulted in significant and often protracted and expensive litigation. From time to time, we receive communications from third parties asserting patent or other IP rights covering our products or processes. In order to avoid the significant costs associated with our defense in litigation involving such claims, we may license the use of the technologies that are the subject of these claims from such companies and be required to make corresponding royalty payments, which may adversely affect our operating results. We have several patent license agreements with other companies. In the future, it may be necessary or advantageous for us to obtain additional patent licenses from existing or other parties, but these license agreements may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. Employees We employed approximately 5,200 and 5,000 employees at December 31, 2014 and 2013 , respectively. Our future success depends in large part on the continued service of our key technical and management personnel and on our ability to continue to attract and retain qualified employees, particularly highly skilled design, process and test engineers necessary for the manufacture of existing products and the research and development of new products and processes. The competition for such personnel is intense, and the loss of key employees could adversely affect our business. Backlog We accept purchase orders for deliveries covering periods from one day up to approximately one year from the date on which the order is placed. However, purchase orders can generally be revised or cancelled by the customer without penalty. In addition, significant portions of our sales are ordered with relatively short lead times, often referred to as “turns business.” Considering these industry practices and our experience, we do not believe the total of customer purchase orders outstanding (backlog) provides meaningful information that can be relied on to predict actual sales for future periods. Geographic Areas In 2014 , 15% of our net revenue was derived from customers in the United States, 58% from customers in Asia, 25% from customers in Europe and 2% from the rest of the world. We determine the location of our customers based on the destination to which we ship our products for the benefit of those customers. As of December 31, 2014 , we owned tangible long-lived assets in the United States with a net book value of $92.5 million , in France of $13.7 million , in Germany of $17.9 million , and in the Philippines of $56.1 million . See Note 14 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 9 Table of Contents Seasonality The semiconductor industry is increasingly characterized by annual seasonality and wide fluctuations of supply and demand. A significant portion of our revenue comes from sales to customers supplying consumer markets and from international customers. As a result, our business may be subject to seasonally lower revenue in particular quarters of our fiscal year, especially as many of our larger consumer-focused customers tend to have stronger sales later in the fiscal year as they prepare for the major holiday selling seasons. The industry has also been affected by significant shifts in consumer demand due to economic downturns or other factors, which may result in volatility in order patterns and lead times, sudden shifts in product demand and periodic production over-capacity. We have, in the past, experienced substantial quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in revenue and operating results and expect, in the future, to continue to experience short term period-to-period fluctuations in operating results due to general industry or economic conditions. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, we have identified the following risks and uncertainties that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Investors should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and investors may lose all or part of their investment. In addition, these risks and uncertainties may affect the “forward-looking” statements described elsewhere in this Form 10-K and in the documents incorporated herein by reference. They could also affect our actual results of operations, causing them to differ materially from those expressed in “forward-looking” statements. OUR REVENUE AND OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY DUE TO A VARIETY OF FACTORS. Our future operating results are subject to quarterly variations based upon a variety of factors, many of which are not within our control. As further discussed in this “Risk Factors” section, factors that could affect our operating results include, without limitation: • uncertain or unstable global macroeconomic, geo-political and social conditions, including those in Europe (where deflationary pressures and high unemployment continue to exist and concerns about the financial stability of Greece remain unresolved), the Middle East (where U.S. military action remains ongoing), Asia (where economic activity in China has slowed and unrest has arisen in Hong Kong) and Western Africa (where the threat of a global pandemic related to Ebola has arisen); • the effect of fluctuations in currency exchange rates or continued political and monetary uncertainties within the European Union; • restrictions in our revolving credit facility that may limit our flexibility in operating our business; • the success of our customers’ end products, our ability to introduce new products into the market and to ramp production of new products, and our ability to improve and implement new manufacturing technologies, reduce manufacturing costs and achieve acceptable manufacturing yields; • the cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry; • disruption to our business caused by our dependence on outside foundries, and the insolvency and liquidation proceedings, and associated litigation, of those foundries in some cases; • our dependence on selling through independent distributors and our ability to obtain accurate and timely sell-through information from these distributors; • the complexity of our revenue reporting and dependence on our management’s ability to make judgments and estimates regarding inventory write-downs, future claims for returns and other matters affecting our financial statements; • our reliance on non-binding customer forecasts and the effect of customer changes to forecasts and actual demand; • the increasing complexity and added costs, compliance and otherwise, associated with laws and regulations around the world that affect our businesses and activities, including, for example, trade, export control, foreign corrupt practices, and bribery regulations; • compliance with new regulations regarding the use of “conflict minerals” and the potential increased cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products resulting therefrom; 10 Table of Contents • the effect of fluctuations in currency exchange rates or continued political and monetary uncertainties within the European Union; • the capacity constraints of our independent assembly contractors; • the effect of intellectual property and other litigation on us and our customers, and our ability to protect our intellectual property rights; • the highly competitive nature of our markets and our ability to keep pace with technological change; • our dependence on international sales and operations and the added complexity and compliance costs associated therewith; • information technology system failures or network disruptions and disruptions caused by our system integration efforts; • business interruptions, natural disasters, terrorist acts or similar unforeseen events or circumstances; • our ability to maintain relationships with our key customers, the absence of long-term supply contracts with most of our customers, and product liability claims our customers may bring; • unanticipated changes to environmental, health and safety regulations or related compliance issues; • our dependence on certain key personnel; • uneven expense recognition related to our issuance of performance-based restricted stock units or expectations related to cash-based executive incentive plans; • the anti-takeover effects of provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; • the unfunded nature of our foreign pension plans; • the effect of acquisitions we may undertake, including our ability to effectively integrate acquisitions into our operations; • disruptions in the availability of raw materials used in our products; • the complexity of our global legal entity structure, the effect of intercompany loans within this structure, and the occurrence and outcome of income tax audits for these entities; and • our receipt of economic grants in various jurisdictions, which may require repayment if we are unable to comply with the terms of such grants. Any unfavorable changes in any of these or other factors could harm our operating results and may result in volatility or a decline in our stock price. A VOLATILE, OR FALLING, EURO, OR VOLATILITY IN OTHER NON-U.S. CURRENCIES, MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR REVENUE OR OPERATING RESULTS Although we conduct transactions principally in the U.S. dollar, approximately 20% of our 2014 revenue was generated in the Euro currency and approximately 18% of our 2014 operating expenses were incurred in Euro and other non-U.S. currencies. The exchange rate for the Euro against the U.S. dollar declined from 1.38 Euros to the dollar at January 1, 2014 to 1.22 Euros to the dollar at December 31, 2014. Recent public commentary suggests that the European Central Bank may undertake actions, including engaging possibly in so-called “quantitative easing,” that could cause a further decline in the Euro against the U.S. dollar or that could introduce other unusual volatility into the foreign currency markets. Changes in the value of foreign currencies, including, in particular, the Euro, relative to the U.S. dollar can affect our revenue and operating results due to transactional and translational re-measurements that are reflected in our earnings, which are reported in U.S. dollars. A decrease in the value of the Euro against the U.S. dollar may cause a reduction in our reported revenue. That same decrease may also cause a reduction in our operating costs. Decreases in revenue, and decreases in operating costs, resulting from these foreign currency valuation events may not move in lock-step. Variations in the exchange rate of other foreign currencies may have similar effects, although those variations would not currently be expected to have the same significance as changes in the value of the Euro to our company. As a result of these foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, it may also be more difficult to detect underlying trends in our business and results of operations. Significant volatility in currency exchange rates may also cause our results of operations to differ from our expectations or the expectations of our investors, which could also cause the trading price of our common stock to be adversely affected. We do not currently maintain a program to hedge transactional exposures in foreign currencies. As of the date of this Form 10-K, we manage our exchange rate risk by matching foreign currency cash balances with expenses accrued in those foreign currencies. 11 Table of Contents UNCERTAIN OR UNSTABLE GLOBAL MACRO-ECONOMIC, GEO-POLITICAL AND SOCIAL CONDITIONS MAY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS. Global macro-economic and geo-political conditions affecting the global economy or social order could adversely affect demand for our products and our business prospects from time to time. These conditions could include: • slow, uneven economic growth throughout the world; • continued uncertainty regarding macroeconomic conditions in Europe (including potential deflationary pressures and continuing high unemployment and the financial stability of Greece) and Asia (including an economic slowdown in China); • geo-political events throughout the world, including, for example, in the Middle East (which has witnessed increased military activities in Iraq and Syria, including renewed U.S. involvement), Eastern Europe (involving Russian and Ukrainian territorial claims), and Hong Kong (where civil unrest arose in 2014); and • social unrest or disorder arising from the threat of global pandemics or the spread of infectious diseases such as Ebola in Western Africa or other regions. OUR REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY IS SECURED BY SUBSTANTIALLY ALL OF OUR ASSETS AND MAY LIMIT OUR FLEXIBILITY IN OPERATING OUR BUSINESS. A DEFAULT UNDER THE CREDIT FACILITY COULD SIGNIFICANTLY HARM OUR BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL POSITION. In December 2013, we entered into a five-year senior secured revolving credit facility for up to $300 million with a group of lenders. Our credit facility is secured by substantially all of our assets. It also imposes restrictions that may limit our ability to engage in certain business activities, including limitations on asset sales, mergers and acquisitions, the incurrence of indebtedness and liens, the making of restricted payments or investments and transactions with affiliates. In addition, the credit facility contains customary financial covenants, including a maximum total-leverage ratio, a maximum senior-secured-leverage ratio, and a minimum fixed-charge-coverage ratio. Our ability to comply with these financial covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control. If we breach any of the covenants under our credit facility and do not obtain appropriate waivers, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable, which could result in a foreclosure on the assets securing the credit facility, adversely affect our ability to operate our business or otherwise significantly harm our financial position. At December 31, 2014 , we had $75.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the Facility. WE DEPEND SUBSTANTIALLY ON THE SUCCESS OF OUR CUSTOMERS' END PRODUCTS, OUR INTRODUCTION OF NEW PRODUCTS INTO THE MARKET AND OUR ABILITY TO REDUCE MANUFACTURING COSTS OVER TIME. We believe that our future sales will depend substantially on the success of our customers' end products, our ability to introduce new products into the market, and our ability to reduce the manufacturing costs of our products over time. Our new products are generally incorporated into our customers' products or systems at their design stage. However, design wins can precede volume sales by a year or more. In addition, we may not be successful in achieving design wins or design wins may not result in future revenue, which depends in large part on our customers' ability to sell their end products or systems within their respective markets. Rapid innovation within the semiconductor industry also continually increases pricing pressure, especially on products containing older technologies. We experience continuous pricing pressure, just as many of our competitors do. Product life cycles in our industry are relatively short, and as a result, products tend to be replaced by more technologically advanced substitutes on a regular basis. In turn, demand for older technology falls, causing the price at which such products can be sold to drop, often quickly. As a result, the average selling price of each of our products usually declines as individual products mature and competitors enter the market. To offset average selling price decreases and to continue profitably supplying our products, we rely primarily on reducing costs to manufacture our products, improving our process technologies and production efficiency, increasing product sales to absorb fixed costs and introducing new, higher-priced products that incorporate advanced features or integrated technologies to address new or emerging markets. Our operating results could be harmed if such cost reductions, production improvements, increased product sales and new product introductions do not occur in a timely manner or do not result in new customer demand. THE CYCLICAL NATURE OF THE SEMICONDUCTOR INDUSTRY CREATES FLUCTUATIONS IN OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND MAY ALSO AFFECT THE JUDGMENTS, ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS WE APPLY IN PREPARING OUR FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. The semiconductor industry has historically been cyclical, characterized by annual seasonality and wide fluctuations in product supply and demand. The semiconductor industry has also experienced significant downturns, often in connection with, or in anticipation of, maturing product cycles and declines in general economic conditions. 12 Table of Contents Our operating results have been adversely affected in the past by industry-wide fluctuations in the demand for semiconductors, which resulted in under-utilization of our manufacturing capacity and a related decline in gross margin. Our business may be harmed in the future by cyclical conditions in the semiconductor industry as a whole and by conditions within specific markets served by our products. These fluctuations in demand may also affect inventory write-downs we take or other items in our financial statements. Our inventories are stated at the lower of cost (on a first-in, first-out basis) or market. Determining market value for our inventories involves numerous judgments, estimates and assumptions, including assessing average selling prices and sales volumes for each of our products in future periods. The competitiveness of each product, market conditions and product lifecycles often change over time, resulting in a change in the judgments, estimates and assumptions we apply to establish inventory write-downs. The judgments, estimates and assumptions we apply in evaluating our inventory write-downs, including, for example, shortening or extending the anticipated life of our products, may have a material effect on our financial statements. If we overestimate demand, we may experience excess inventory levels. Inventory adjustments, based on the judgments, estimates and assumptions we make, may affect our results of operations, including our gross margin, in a positive or negative manner, depending on the nature of the adjustment. A significant portion of our revenue comes from sales to customers supplying consumer markets and from international sales. As a result, our business may be subject to seasonally lower revenue in particular quarters of our fiscal year. The semiconductor industry has also been affected by significant shifts in consumer demand due to economic downturns or other factors, which can exacerbate the cyclicality within the industry and result in further diminished product demand and production over-capacity. We have, in the past, experienced substantial quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in revenue and operating results and expect in the future to continue to experience short-term period-to-period fluctuations in operating results due to general industry and economic conditions. WE COULD EXPERIENCE DISRUPTION OF OUR BUSINESS DUE TO OUR DEPENDENCE ON OUTSIDE FOUNDRIES OR MANUFACTURING DISRUPTIONS AT OUR OWN WAFER FABRICATION FACILITY. We rely substantially on independent third-party foundry manufacturing partners to manufacture products for us. As part of our fab-lite strategy, we have expanded and will continue to expand our foundry relationships by entering into new agreements with third-party foundries. If we cannot obtain sufficient capacity commitments, if our foundry partners suffer financial instability, liquidity issues, or insolvency proceedings affecting their ability to manufacture our products, or if our foundry partners experience production delays or quality issues for other reasons, the supply of our products could be disrupted, which could adversely affect our business. Disruptions at our own wafer manufacturing facility in Colorado Springs, Colorado could also adversely affect our business. For the year ended December 31, 2014 , we manufactured approximately 58% of our products in our own wafer fabrication facility compared to 52% for the year ended December 31, 2013 . In December 2013, we experienced an incident in the nitrogen plant at that facility, which disrupted manufacturing for several weeks and affected our ability to fully meet demand in the first quarter of 2014. Because we rely on our Colorado facility for a significant percentage of our wafer supply, disruptions of the kind we experienced in December 2013, or others, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, with respect to the use of external foundries, difficulties in production yields are more likely to occur when transitioning manufacturing processes to new third-party foundries or when qualifying new products at third-party foundries. If our foundry partners fail to deliver quality products and components on a timely basis, our business could be harmed. We expect over time that an increasing portion of our wafer fabrication will be undertaken by third-party foundries. Our fab-lite strategy exposes us to the following risks: • reduced control over delivery schedules and product costs; • financial instability, liquidity issues, or insolvency proceedings, and related litigation, affecting our foundry partners; • manufacturing disruptions at our Colorado Springs wafer fabrication facility or at those of our third-party foundries; • higher than anticipated manufacturing costs; • inability of our manufacturing subcontractors to develop manufacturing methods appropriate for our products and their unwillingness to devote adequate capacity to produce our products; • possible abandonment of key fabrication processes by our foundry subcontractors used in products that are strategically important to us; • reduced control over or decline in product quality and reliability; • inability to maintain continuing relationships with our foundries; • restricted ability to meet customer demand when faced with product shortages or order increases; and 13 Table of Contents • increased risk of potential misappropriation of our intellectual property. If any of the above risks occur, we could experience an interruption in our supply chain, an increase in costs or a reduction in our product quality and reliability, which could delay or decrease our revenue and adversely affect our reputation and our business. We attempt to mitigate these risks with a strategy of qualifying multiple foundry subcontractors. However, there can be no guarantee that this or any other strategy will eliminate or significantly reduce these risks. Additionally, since most independent foundries are located in foreign countries, we are subject to risks generally associated with contracting with foreign manufacturers, including currency exchange fluctuations, political and economic instability, trade restrictions, changes in tariff and freight rates, and import and export regulations. Accordingly, we may experience problems maintaining expected timelines and the adequacy or quality of product deliveries, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We closely monitor the financial condition of our foundry partners. In August 2014, we received notice that Telefunken Semiconductors GmbH & Co ("TSG"), one of our suppliers, had filed a second insolvency proceeding in Germany. On December 26, 2013, we were informed that LFoundry Rousset S.A.S. ("LFR"), which had filed an insolvency declaration earlier in 2013, had been placed in liquidation and had ceased operations. We have filed claims against TSG and LFR in respect of pre-filing matters and we are pursuing claims in respect of post-filing matters. We and one of our subsidiaries are engaged in litigation with LFR (through its judicially-appointed representative) arising out of the LFR insolvency and liquidation. For a discussion of the issues involved in, and the risks associated with those litigations, see “ We Are, and May in the Future Be, Engaged in Litigation That Is Costly, Time Consuming to Defend or Prosecute and, If An Adverse Decision Were To Occur, Could Have a Harmful Effect on Our Business, Results of Operations, Financial Condition or Liquidity Depending on the Outcome. ” While we do not believe that the liquidation of LFR, or the second insolvency of TSG, or any other material adverse financial event affecting TSG, LFR or other foundries from which we purchase products, would be likely, under current circumstances, to have a material adverse effect on our business, the financial instability of, or insolvency proceedings affecting, any foundry partner requires an investment of significant management time, may require additional changes in operational planning as conditions develop, may involve litigation, and could have other unexpected adverse effects on our business. The terms on which we will be able to obtain wafer production for our products, and the timing and volume of such production will be substantially dependent on future agreements to be negotiated with independent foundries. We cannot be certain that the agreements we reach with such foundries will be on favorable terms. For example, any future agreements with independent foundries may be short-term in duration, may not be renewable, and may provide inadequate certainty regarding the future supply and pricing of wafers for our products. If demand for our products increases significantly, we have no assurances that our third-party foundries will be able to increase their manufacturing capacity to a level that meets our requirements, potentially preventing us from meeting our customer demand and harming our business, reputation and customer relationships. Also, even if our independent foundries are able to meet our increased demand, those foundries may decide to charge significantly higher wafer prices to us, which could reduce our gross margin or require us to offset the increased prices by increasing prices to our customers, either of which could harm our business and operating results. OUR REVENUE IS DEPENDENT TO A LARGE EXTENT ON SELLING TO END CUSTOMERS THROUGH INDEPENDENT DISTRIBUTORS. THESE DISTRIBUTORS MAY HAVE LIMITED FINANCIAL RESOURCES TO CONDUCT THEIR BUSINESS OR TO REPRESENT OUR INTERESTS EFFECTIVELY, MAY RAISE CREDIT RISKS FOR US, AND MAY TERMINATE OR MODIFY THEIR RELATIONSHIPS WITH US IN A MANNER THAT ADVERSELY AFFECTS OUR SALES. Sales to distributors accounted for 60% , 52% and 51% of our net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012, respectively. We are dependent on our distributors to supplement our direct marketing and sales efforts. Our agreements with independent distributors can generally be terminated for convenience by either party upon relatively short notice. Generally, these agreements are non-exclusive and also permit our distributors to offer and promote our competitors’ products. If any significant distributor or a substantial number of our distributors terminated their relationship with us, decided to market our competitors’ products in preference to our products, were unable or unwilling to sell our products, or were unable to pay us for products sold for any reason, our ability to bring our products to market could be adversely affected, we could have difficulty in collecting outstanding receivable balances, or we could incur other loss of revenue, charges or other adjustments, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and operating results. In some cases, certain of our distributors in Asia may also have more limited financial resources and constrained balance sheets than distributors in other geographic areas. If these distributors are unable effectively to finance their operations, or to represent our interests effectively because of financial limitations, our business could also be adversely affected. OUR REVENUE REPORTING IS HIGHLY DEPENDENT ON RECEIVING ACCURATE AND TIMELY SELL-THROUGH INFORMATION FROM OUR DISTRIBUTORS. IF WE RECEIVE INACCURATE OR LATE INFORMATION FROM OUR DISTRIBUTORS, OUR FINANCIAL REPORTING COULD BE MISSTATED. Our revenue reporting is highly dependent on receiving pertinent, accurate and timely data from our distributors. As our distributors resell products, they provide us with periodic data regarding the products sold, including prices, quantities, end customers, 14 Table of Contents and the amount of our products they still have in stock. Because the data set is large and complex, and because there may be errors or delays in the reported data, we may use estimates and apply judgments to reconcile distributors’ reported inventories to their end customer sales transactions. Actual results could vary unfavorably from our estimates, which could affect our operating results and adversely affect our business. OUR REVENUE REPORTING IS COMPLEX AND DEPENDENT, IN PART, ON OUR MANAGEMENT’S ABILITY TO MAKE JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES REGARDING FUTURE CLAIMS FOR RETURNS. IF OUR JUDGMENTS OR ESTIMATES ABOUT THESE MATTERS ARE INCORRECT OR INACCURATE, OUR REVENUE REPORTING COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED. Our revenue reporting is highly dependent on judgments and estimates that our management is required to make when preparing our financial statements. We currently recognize revenue for our distributors based in the U.S. and Europe in a different manner from the method we use for our distributors based in Asia (excluding Japan). For sales to certain distributors (primarily based in the U.S. and Europe) with agreements allowing for price protection and product returns, we have not historically had the ability to estimate future claims at the point of shipment, and given that price is not fixed or determinable at that time, revenue is not recognized until the distributor sells the product to its end customer. For sales to independent distributors in Asia, excluding Japan, we invoice these distributors at full list price upon shipment and issue a rebate, or “credit,” once product has been sold to the end customer and the distributor has met certain reporting requirements. After reviewing the pricing, rebate and quotation-related terms, we concluded that we could reliably estimate future claims; therefore, we recognize revenue at the point of shipment for these Asian distributors, assuming all of the other revenue recognition criteria are met, utilizing amounts invoiced, less estimated future claims. To the extent the percentage of our sales to Asia (excluding Japan) increases, a larger portion of our revenue reporting will be based on this methodology. If our judgments or estimates are incorrect or inaccurate regarding future claims, our revenue reporting could be adversely affected. In addition, the fact that we recognize revenue differently in the U.S. and Europe than in Asia (excluding Japan) adds further complexity to the preparation of our financial statements, making them potentially more susceptible to inaccuracies or errors over time. In May 2014, the Financial Accounting Standard Board ("FASB") issued ASU No. 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. When it becomes effective, ASU 2014-09 will supersede and replace virtually all existing U.S. GAAP revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance, and it will affect almost every revenue-generating entity that applies U.S. GAAP. ASU 2014-09 creates a single, principle-based revenue recognition framework, as opposed to the existing rules-based framework, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The shift from primarily rules-based U.S. GAAP will require entities to apply significantly more judgment and expanded disclosures surrounding revenue recognition. We are required to adopt ASU No. 2014-09 on January 1, 2017, and early adoption is not permitted. This new standard permits us to use either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. We have not yet selected a transition method and we are evaluating the effect that ASU 2014-09 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. Our adoption of ASU 2014-09 and selection of a transition method could have an adverse effect on our revenue reporting. OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE MORE VOLATILE BASED ON OUR EXPOSURE TO THE MOBILE DEVICE AND CONSUMER MARKET SEGMENTS, WHICH TEND TO EXHIBIT MORE DYNAMIC CHANGE THAN DO INDUSTRIAL OR AUTOMOTIVE MARKETS. Our exposure to, and the percentage of revenue we derive from, the mobile device and consumer market segments change over time. To the extent that these segments exhibit greater cyclicality, or change, than the industrial or automotive markets in which we also participate, our stock price may be more volatile. Product life cycles in the mobile device and consumer markets are typically shorter than product life cycles in industrial or automotive markets. Significant change continues to occur in the personal computer market as, for example, tablet devices gain additional market share. Mobile devices, as a further example, may undergo product refreshes on an annual basis or on even shorter time frames in some instances. As a result, our market share in those markets may increase or decrease more frequently than might be the case in other market segments in which we participate. The mobile device segment has also become dominated, to a large extent, by Apple and Samsung; other manufacturers have had difficulty retaining market share in recent years, with some well-known brands, including Nokia, Motorola, Blackberry and HTC, being sold or facing significant financial distress. Those market dynamics necessarily affect our business, and if our products are not used in models sold by the dominant device manufacturers, our financial results may be adversely affected or be subject to greater volatility. If our market share decreases in the mobile and consumer market segments, our revenue may also decline for a period of time until new devices are launched, or a product refresh occurs, incorporating our products. For those reasons, and due to the shorter product life-cycles generally occurring in the mobile and consumer-oriented markets, our stock price may be more volatile than might be the case if we had less exposure to those sectors or if we focused our investments principally on industrial, automotive and similar markets that generally do not experience the same rapid product change. 15 Table of Contents WE BUILD SEMICONDUCTORS BASED, FOR THE MOST PART, ON NON-BINDING FORECASTS FROM OUR CUSTOMERS. AS A RESULT, CHANGES TO FORECASTS FROM ACTUAL DEMAND MAY RESULT IN EXCESS INVENTORY OR OUR INABILITY TO FILL CUSTOMER ORDERS ON A TIMELY BASIS, WHICH MAY HARM OUR BUSINESS. We schedule production and build semiconductor devices based primarily on non-binding forecasts from customers and our own internal forecasts. Typically, customer orders, consistent with general industry practices, may be cancelled or rescheduled with short notice to us, often with no significant penalty to the customer. In addition, our customers frequently place orders requesting product delivery in a much shorter period than our lead time to fully fabricate and test devices, requiring us to build a buffer stock of certain products in order to anticipate demand. Because the markets we serve are volatile and subject to rapid technological, price and end-user demand changes, our forecasts of required unit quantities to build may be significantly incorrect. Changes to forecasted demand from actual demand may result in us producing unit quantities in excess of orders from customers, which could result in additional expense for the write-down of excess inventory and negatively affect our gross margin and results of operations. Our forecasting risks may increase as a result of our fab-lite strategy because we have less control over modifying production schedules with our independent third-party manufacturing partners to match changes in forecasted demand and orders by our end customers. If we commit to order foundry wafers and cannot cancel or reschedule our commitment without significant costs or cancellation penalties, we may be forced to purchase inventory in excess of demand, which could result in a write-down of inventories and negatively affect our gross margin and results of operations. Conversely, failure to produce or obtain sufficient wafers for increased demand could cause us to miss revenue opportunities and could affect our customers’ ability to sell products or meet downstream commitments, which could adversely affect our customer relationships and reputation and thereby materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. OUR INTERNATIONAL SALES AND OPERATIONS ARE SUBJECT TO COMPLEX LAWS RELATING TO TRADE, EXPORT CONTROLS, FOREIGN CORRUPT PRACTICES AND BRIBERY, AMONG MANY OTHER SUBJECTS. ADDED COMPLIANCE COSTS, VIOLATIONS OF OR CHANGES IN THESE LAWS AND REGULATIONS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS, FINANCIAL CONDITION OR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. For hardware, software or technology exported from, or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of, the U.S., we are subject to U.S. laws and regulations governing international trade and exports, including, but not limited to, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (“ITAR”), the Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”) and U.S. economic and trade sanctions against embargoed countries and destinations administered by the U.S. Department of the Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) and other regulatory agencies. Hardware, software and technology exported from, or otherwise subject to the jurisdiction of, other countries may also be subject to non-U.S. laws and regulations governing international trade and exports. Under these laws and regulations, we are responsible for obtaining all necessary licenses and approvals for exports of controlled hardware, software and technology, as well as the provision of technical assistance. In many cases, a determination of the applicable export-control laws and related licensing requirements depends on the design intent of a product, the source and origin of a specific technology, the specific technical contributions made by individuals to that technology, the destination of the product, and other matters of an intensely factual nature. We are also required to obtain all necessary export licenses prior to transferring controlled technology or technical data to non-U.S. persons. The U.S. and the European Union have recently imposed sanctions on Russia. The imposition of new sanctions, or changes in the nature of existing sanctions or other embargoes, may affect our ability to deliver products to specified countries from time to time, sometimes with little or no advance warning. In those events, if our products are implicated under newly imposed or modified sanctions, those regulatory or administrative actions could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, we are required to obtain necessary export licenses prior to the export or re-export of hardware, software or technology to any person or entity identified on government restricted-party lists, including the U.S. Department of Commerce's Denied Persons or Entity or Unverified Lists, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Specially Designated Nationals or Blocked Persons List, or the U.S. Department of State’s Debarred List, or on similar lists in jurisdictions outside the United States. Products for use in certain space, satellite, military, nuclear, chemical/biological weapons, rocket systems or unmanned air vehicle applications may also require export licenses and involve many of the same complexities and risks of non-compliance in the U.S. and elsewhere. Due to U.S. economic and trade sanctions, we do not pursue business activities, directly or indirectly, in countries designated by the U.S. as a state sponsor of terrorism or otherwise subject to a U.S. trade embargo, including, as of the date of this Form 10-K, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria. We continually seek to enhance our export-compliance program, including ongoing analysis of historical and current product shipments and technology transfers. We also work with, and assist, government officials, when requested, to ensure compliance with applicable export laws and regulations, and we continue to develop additional operational procedures to improve our compliance efforts. However, export laws and regulations are highly complex and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction; a determination by U.S. or other governments that we have failed to comply with any export-control laws or trade sanctions, including failure to properly restrict an export to the persons or entities set forth on government restricted-party lists, could result in significant civil or criminal penalties, including the imposition of significant fines, denial of export privileges, loss of revenue from certain customers or damages claims from any customers adversely affected by such penalties, and exclusion from participation in U.S. or foreign government contracts. As we review or audit our import and export practices, from time to time, we may discover previously unknown errors in our compliance practices that require corrective actions; these actions could include voluntary disclosures of those matters to appropriate government agencies, discontinuance or suspension of product sales pending a resolution of any 16 Table of Contents reviews, or other adverse interim or final actions. Further, a change in these laws and regulations could restrict our ability to export to previously permitted countries, customers, distributors, foundries or other third parties. For example, in the past, one of our distributors was added to the U.S. Department of Commerce Entity List, resulting in the termination of our relationship with that distributor. Any one or more of these compliance errors, sanctions or a change in law or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We monitor closely those types of proposed rules and potential changes as they progress through the regulatory process and seek to assess their likely effect on us. We are also subject to complex laws that seek to regulate the payment of bribes or other forms of compensation to foreign officials or persons affiliated with companies or organizations in which foreign governments may own an interest or exercise control. The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act requires U.S. companies to comply with an extensive legal framework to prevent bribery of foreign officials. The laws are complex and require that we closely monitor local practices of our overseas offices and distributors. The United States Department of Justice has recently heightened enforcement of these laws. In addition, other countries continue to implement similar laws that may have extraterritorial effect. The United Kingdom, for example, where we have operations, has enacted the U.K. Bribery Act, which could impose significant oversight obligations on us and could be applicable to our operations outside of the United Kingdom. The costs for complying with these and similar laws may be substantial and could reasonably be expected to require significant management time and focus. Any violation of these or similar laws, intentional or unintentional, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. See also “ Compliance With New Regulations Regarding the Use of ‘Conflict Minerals’ Requires Us to Incur Additional Oversight Expense and Could Limit the Supply and Increase the Cost of Certain Metals Used in Manufacturing Our Products. ” COMPLIANCE WITH NEW REGULATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF "CONFLICT MINERALS" REQUIRES US TO INCUR ADDITIONAL OVERSIGHT EXPENSE AND COULD LIMIT THE SUPPLY AND INCREASE THE COST OF CERTAIN METALS USED IN MANUFACTURING OUR PRODUCTS. Conflict minerals are commonly found in metals used in the manufacture of semiconductors and other products we manufacture. In June 2014, we filed our initial Report on Form SD to report that our products were “DRC Conflict Undeterminable” based on our diligence review. We expect to undertake further diligence of our supply chain in 2015 and beyond to evaluate the use of conflict minerals. Although the implementation of these new requirements did not materially affect our business in 2014, there can be no assurance that the costs associated with ongoing compliance will not increase or that the sourcing, availability and pricing of minerals required for use in our products do not increase as a result of these regulations or changes in the supply chain caused by these regulations. In addition, since our supply chain is complex, if we are not, in the future, able to sufficiently verify the origins of these minerals and metals used in our products, our customers could elect to disqualify us as a future supplier, which could negatively affect our business and results of operations. WE ARE EXPOSED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES THAT COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CASH FLOWS, AND REVENUE AND COSTS DENOMINATED IN FOREIGN CURRENCIES COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS DUE TO FOREIGN CURRENCY MOVES AGAINST THE DOLLAR. Because a significant portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve and could have a material adverse effect on our financial results and cash flows. Our primary foreign currency exposure relates to revenue and operating expenses in Europe, which are denominated in Euros. See also “ A Volatile, or Falling, Euro, or Volatility in Other non-U.S. Currencies, May Adversely Affect Our Revenue or Operating Results.” When we take an order denominated in a foreign currency, we will receive fewer dollars, and lower revenue, than we initially anticipated if that local currency weakens against the dollar before we ship our product. Conversely, revenue will be positively affected if the local currency strengthens against the dollar before we ship our product. Costs may also be affected by foreign currency fluctuations. For example, in Europe, where we have costs denominated in European currencies, costs will decrease if the local currency weakens against the dollar. Conversely, costs will increase if the local currency strengthens against the dollar. We also face the risk that our accounts receivable denominated in foreign currencies will be devalued if such foreign currencies weaken quickly and significantly against the dollar. Similarly, we face the risk that our accounts payable and debt obligations denominated in foreign currencies will increase if such foreign currencies strengthen quickly and significantly against the dollar. We have not historically utilized hedging instruments to offset our foreign currency exposure, although we may determine to do so in the future, and there can be no assurance that these or other measures will successfully limit our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. WE DEPEND ON INDEPENDENT ASSEMBLY CONTRACTORS THAT MAY NOT HAVE ADEQUATE CAPACITY TO FULFILL OUR NEEDS OR TO MEET OUR QUALITY AND DELIVERY REQUIREMENTS. After wafer testing, we ship wafers to various independent assembly contractors, where the wafers are separated into die, packaged and, in some cases, further tested. Our reliance on independent contractors to assemble, package and test our products may expose us to significant risks, including the following: • reduced control over quality and delivery schedules; 17 Table of Contents • the potential lack of adequate capacity of independent assembly contractors; • discontinuance or phase-out of our contractors’ assembly processes; • inability of our contractors to develop and maintain assembly and test methods and equipment that are appropriate for our products; • lack of long-term contracts and the potential inability to secure strategically important service contracts on favorable terms, if at all; • increased opportunities for potential misappropriation of our intellectual property; and • financial instability, or liquidity issues, affecting our subcontractors. In addition, independent contractors could stop, suspend or delay the assembly, packaging or testing of our products for unforeseen reasons. Moreover, because most of our independent assembly contractors are located in foreign countries, we are subject to certain risks generally associated with contracting with foreign suppliers, including currency exchange fluctuations, political and economic instability, trade restrictions, including export controls, and changes in tariff and freight rates. Accordingly, we may experience problems with the timing, adequacy or quality of product deliveries, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. WE MAY FACE BUSINESS DISRUPTION RISKS, AS WELL AS THE RISK OF SIGNIFICANT UNANTICIPATED COSTS, AS WE CONSIDER, OR AS A RESULT OF, CHANGES IN OUR BUSINESS AND ASSET PORTFOLIO. We are continually reviewing potential changes in our business and asset portfolio throughout our worldwide operations in order to enhance our overall competitiveness and viability. Disposal and restructuring activities that we have undertaken, and may undertake in the future, can divert significant time and resources, involve substantial costs and lead to production and product development delays and may fail to enhance our overall competitiveness and viability as intended, any of which can negatively impact our business. Our disposal activities have in the past and may, in the future, trigger restructuring, impairment and other accounting charges and/or result in a loss on sale of assets. Any of these charges or losses could cause the price of our common stock to decline. We have in the past and may, in the future, experience labor union or workers’ council objections, or labor unrest actions (including possible strikes), when we seek to reduce our workforces in Europe and other regions. Many of our operations are located in countries and regions that have extensive employment regulations that we must comply with in order to reduce our workforce, and we may incur significant costs to complete such exercises. Any of those events could have an adverse effect on our business and operating results. We continue to evaluate existing restructuring accruals related to restructuring plans previously implemented. As a result, there may be additional restructuring charges or reversals or recoveries of previous charges. We may incur additional restructuring and asset impairment charges in connection with additional restructuring plans adopted in the future. Any such restructuring or asset impairment charges recorded in the future could significantly harm our business and operating results. As of December 31, 2014 , accrued restructuring charges amounted to $19.7 million , and we expect to substantially complete the cash severance payments in respect of those accruals within the next twenty-four months. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO IMPLEMENT NEW MANUFACTURING TECHNOLOGIES OR FAIL TO ACHIEVE ACCEPTABLE MANUFACTURING YIELDS, OUR BUSINESS WOULD BE HARMED. Whether demand for semiconductors is rising or falling, we are constantly required by competitive pressures in the industry to implement new manufacturing technologies in order to reduce the geometries of our semiconductors, produce more integrated circuits per wafer and improve our production yields. Fabrication of our integrated circuits is a highly complex and precise process, requiring production in a tightly-controlled, clean environment. Minute impurities, difficulties in the fabrication process, defects in the masks used to print circuits on a wafer or other factors can cause a substantial percentage of wafers to be rejected or numerous die on each wafer to be nonfunctional. Whether through the use of our foundries or third-party manufacturers, we may experience problems in achieving acceptable yields in the manufacture of wafers, particularly during a transition in the manufacturing process technology for our existing products or with respect to the manufacture of new products. We have previously experienced production delays and yield difficulties in connection with earlier expansions of our wafer fabrication capacity or transitions in manufacturing process technology, including in connection with the introduction of new products. Production delays or difficulties in achieving acceptable yields at our fabrication facility or at the fabrication facilities of our third party manufacturers could materially and adversely affect our operating results. We may not be able to obtain the additional cash from operations or external financing necessary to fund the implementation of new manufacturing technologies, which could materially affect our results of operations. 18 Table of Contents WE MAY, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FACE THIRD-PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS THAT COULD BE COSTLY TO DEFEND, DISTRACT OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM AND EMPLOYEES, AND RESULT IN LOSS OF SIGNIFICANT RIGHTS. The semiconductor industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights or positions, which have on occasion resulted in significant and often protracted and expensive litigation. From time to time we receive communications from third parties asserting patent or other intellectual property rights covering our products or processes. In order to avoid the significant costs associated with our defense in litigation involving such claims, we may license the use of the technologies that are the subject of these claims from such companies and make regular corresponding royalty payments, which may harm our cash position and operating results. We have in the past been involved in intellectual property infringement lawsuits, which, because of the significant expense associated with the defense of those types of lawsuits, adversely affected our operating results, and we may continue to be subjected to similar suits in the future. In addition to patent infringement lawsuits in which we may be directly involved and named as a defendant, we also may assist our customers, in many cases at our own cost, in defending intellectual property lawsuits involving technologies that are combined with our technologies. See Note 11 of this Form 10-K. The cost of defending against intellectual property lawsuits, responding to subpoenas, preparing our employees to testify, or assisting our customers in defending against such lawsuits, in terms of management time and attention, legal fees and product delays, can be substantial. If such infringement lawsuits are successful, we may be prohibited from using the technologies at issue in the lawsuits, and if we are unable to obtain a license on acceptable terms, license a substitute technology or design new technology to avoid infringement, our business and operating results may be significantly harmed. Many of our new and existing products and technologies are intended to address needs in specialized and emerging markets. Given the aggressive pursuit and defense of intellectual property rights that are typical in the semiconductor industry, we expect to see an increase in intellectual property litigation in many of the key markets that our products and technologies serve. An increase in infringement lawsuits within these markets generally, even if they do not involve us, may divert management’s attention and resources, which may seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. As is customary in the semiconductor industry, our standard contracts provide remedies to our customers, such as defense, settlement, or payment of judgments for intellectual property claims related to the use of our products. From time to time, we will indemnify customers against combinations of loss, expense, or liability related to the sale and the use of our products and services. Even if claims or litigation against us are not valid or successfully asserted, defending these claims could result in significant costs and diversion of the attention of management and other key employees. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO PROTECT OR ASSERT OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS MAY BE HARMED. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to protect and assert our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as nondisclosure agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary technologies. We also enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants and business partners, and control access to and distribution of our documentation and other proprietary information. It is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose our proprietary technologies and processes, despite our efforts to protect them, which would affect the value of our intellectual rights. We hold numerous U.S. and foreign patents. We can provide no assurance, however, that these, or any of our future patents, will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented in ways that detract from their value. Changes in laws may also result in us having less intellectual property protection than we may have experienced historically. If our patents do not adequately protect our technology, competitors may more easily be able to offer products similar to our products. Our competitors may also be able to design around our patents, which would harm our business, financial position and results of operations. SIGNIFICANT PATENT LITIGATION IN THE MOBILE-DEVICE SECTOR MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT SOME OF OUR CUSTOMERS. UNFAVORABLE OUTCOMES IN SUCH PATENT LITIGATION COULD AFFECT OUR CUSTOMERS’ ABILITY TO SELL THEIR PRODUCTS AND, AS A RESULT, COULD ULTIMATELY AFFECT THEIR ABILITY TO PURCHASE OUR PRODUCTS IF THEIR MOBILE DEVICE BUSINESS DECLINES. There is significant ongoing patent litigation throughout the world involving many of our customers, especially in the mobile-device sector. The outcome of these disputes is uncertain. While we may not have a direct involvement in these matters, an adverse outcome that affects the ability of our customers to ship or sell their products could ultimately have an adverse effect on our business. That could happen if these customers reduce their business exposure in the mobile-device sector, are prevented from selling their products in certain markets, including in the U.S. through import bans imposed by the International Trade Commission, seek to reduce their cost structures to help fund the payment of unanticipated licensing fees, or are required to take other actions that slow or hinder their market penetration. 19 Table of Contents OUR MARKETS ARE HIGHLY COMPETITIVE, AND IF WE DO NOT COMPETE EFFECTIVELY, WE MAY SUFFER PRICE REDUCTIONS, REDUCED REVENUE AND GROSS MARGIN, AND LOSS OF MARKET SHARE. We operate in markets that are intensely competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, product obsolescence and price decline. Throughout our product line, we compete with a number of large semiconductor manufacturers, such as Cypress, Freescale, Fujitsu, Hitachi, Infineon, Intel, Microchip, NXP Semiconductors, ON Semiconductor, Renesas, Samsung, STMicroelectronics, Synaptics, and Texas Instruments. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, marketing and management resources than we do. As we introduce new products, we are increasingly competing directly with these companies, and we may not be able to compete effectively. We also compete with emerging companies that are attempting to sell products in specialized markets that our products address. We compete principally on the basis of the technical innovation and performance of our products, including their speed, density, power usage, reliability and specialty packaging alternatives, as well as on price and product availability. During the last several years, we have experienced significant price competition in several business segments, especially in our nonvolatile memory segment for EPROM and Serial EEPROM products, as well as in our commodity microcontrollers. Competitive pressures in the semiconductor market from existing competitors, new entrants, new technology and cyclical demand, among other factors, can result in declining average selling prices for our products which could cause our revenue and gross margin to decline. In addition to the factors described above, our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including the following: • our success in designing and manufacturing new products that implement new technologies and processes; • our ability to offer integrated solutions using our advanced nonvolatile memory process with other technologies; • the rate at which customers incorporate our products into their systems; • product introductions by our competitors; • the number and nature of our competitors in a given market; • our ability to minimize production costs by outsourcing our manufacturing, assembly and testing functions; • our ability to improve our process technologies and production efficiency; and • general market and economic conditions. Many of these factors are outside of our control, and may cause us to be unable to compete successfully in the future, which would materially harm our business. WE MUST KEEP PACE WITH TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE TO REMAIN COMPETITIVE. Our future success substantially depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products that compete effectively on the basis of price and performance and that address customer requirements. We are continually designing and commercializing new and improved products to maintain our competitive position. These new products typically are more technologically complex than their predecessors and have increased risk of deployment delays and quality and yield issues, among other risks. The success of new product introductions is dependent upon several factors, including timely completion and introduction of new product designs, achievement of acceptable fabrication yields and market acceptance. Our development of new products and our customers’ decisions to design them into their systems can take as long as three years, depending upon the complexity of the device and the application. Accordingly, new product development requires a long-term forecast of market trends and customer needs, and the successful introduction of our products may be adversely affected by competing products or other technologies serving the markets addressed by our products. Our qualification process involves multiple cycles of testing and improving a product’s functionality to ensure that our products operate in accordance with design specifications. If we experience delays in the introduction of new products, our future operating results could be adversely affected. In addition, new product introductions frequently depend on our development and implementation of new process technologies, and our future growth will depend in part upon the successful development and market acceptance of these process technologies. Our integrated solution products require more technically sophisticated sales and marketing personnel to market these products successfully to customers. We are developing new products with smaller feature sizes and increased functionality, the fabrication of which will be substantially more complex than fabrication of our current products. If we are unable to design, develop, manufacture, market and sell new products successfully, our operating results will be harmed. Our new product development, process development or marketing and sales efforts may not be successful, our new products may not achieve market acceptance, and price expectations for our new products may not be achieved, any of which could significantly harm our business. OUR OPERATING RESULTS ARE HIGHLY DEPENDENT ON OUR INTERNATIONAL SALES AND OPERATIONS, WHICH EXPOSES US TO VARIOUS RISKS. 20 Table of Contents Our revenue outside the United States accounted for 85% , 86% and 87% of our net revenue for the years ended December 31, 2014 , 2013 and 2012, respectively. We expect that revenue derived from international sales will continue to represent a significant portion of net revenue. International sales and operations are subject to a variety of risks, including: • greater difficulty in protecting intellectual property; • reduced flexibility and increased cost of effecting staffing adjustments; • foreign labor conditions and practices; • adverse changes in tax laws; • credit and collectibility risks on our trade receivables with customers in certain jurisdictions; • longer collection cycles; • legal and regulatory requirements, including antitrust laws, import and export regulations, trade barriers, tariffs and tax laws, and environmental and privacy regulations and changes to those laws and regulations; • negative effects from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; • cash repatriation restrictions; • impact of natural disasters on local infrastructures, including those of our distributors and end customers; and • general economic and political conditions in these foreign markets. Some of our distributors, independent foundries, independent assembly, packaging and test contractors and other business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to manage the risks of international operations successfully, our business may be adversely affected if our distributors, independent foundries and contractors, and other business partners are not able to manage these risks successfully. WE MAY BE SUBJECT TO INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEM FAILURES, NETWORK DISRUPTIONS OR OTHER SECURITY RISKS, INCLUDING CYBER-ATTACKS, THAT COULD DAMAGE OUR BUSINESS OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL CONDITION OR REPUTATION. MANAGING THESE RISKS MAY ALSO REQUIRE ADDITIONAL INVESTMENTS AND EXPENDITURES AND INCREASED OPERATING COSTS. We rely on our information technology, or IT, infrastructure and certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business, including the reporting of our financial results. These IT systems may be subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources, including natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, cyber-attacks, sabotage, vandalism, or similar events or disruptions. In addition, our IT infrastructure continues to evolve as we review and introduce new systems to share and store data and communicate internally and externally, including “cloud-based” systems and social networking technologies. While we believe that this type of IT evolution can enhance our operational and business efficiencies, we may not be able to adapt our business practices and internal security controls quickly enough to address all of the risks, known and unknown, that these changes create. Technology companies such as ours also continue to face increased global security threats. Hackers may develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or seek to gain access to our networks and proprietary information. We may be required to allocate significant resources, financial and otherwise, to the oversight of these threats and the implementation of effective countermeasures, which could increase our operating expenses. Our inability to use or access our IT systems at critical points in time could unfavorably affect our business. These disruptions, for example, could adversely affect our ability to access critical business applications, coordinate product development and testing, ship or distribute products, or timely report our financial results. Breaches of our IT system by unauthorized parties could also result in the theft or misuse of our intellectual property, the unauthorized release of customer or employee data, or a violation of privacy or other laws that may lead to significant reputation or other damage to our business. SYSTEM INTEGRATION DISRUPTIONS COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. We periodically make enhancements to our integrated financial and supply chain management systems. The enhancement process is complex, time-consuming and expensive. Operational disruptions during the course of such processes or delays in the implementation of such enhancements could adversely affect our operations. Our ability to forecast sales demand, ship products, manage our product inventory and record and report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis could be impaired while we are making these enhancements. 21 Table of Contents OUR OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL RESULTS COULD BE HARMED BY BUSINESS INTERRUPTIONS, NATURAL DISASTERS, TERRORIST ACTS OR OTHER EVENTS BEYOND OUR CONTROL. Our operations are vulnerable to interruption by fire, earthquake, floods and other natural disasters, power loss, public health issues, geopolitical uncertainties, telecommunications failures, terrorist acts and other events beyond our control. Our headquarters, some of our manufacturing facilities, the manufacturing facilities of some of our third-party foundries and some of our major suppliers’ and customers’ facilities are located near major earthquake faults and in potential terrorist target areas. We do not have a comprehensive disaster recovery plan. In the event of a major earthquake, other natural or manmade disaster or terrorist act, we could experience loss of life of our employees, destruction of facilities or other business interruptions. The operations of our suppliers could also be affected by natural disasters and other disruptions, which could cause shortages and price increases in various essential materials. We use third-party freight firms for nearly all our shipments from vendors and our manufacturing facilities and for shipments to customers of our final product. We maintain property and business interruption insurance; however, there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all costs associated with such disasters and disruptions. In recent years, based on insurance market conditions, we have relied to a greater degree on self-insurance. If a major earthquake, other disaster, or a terrorist act affects us and insurance coverage is unavailable for any reason, we may need to spend significant amounts to repair or replace our facilities and equipment, we may suffer a temporary halt in our ability to manufacture and transport products, and we could suffer damages that could materially adversely harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. WE MAY EXPERIENCE PROBLEMS WITH KEY CUSTOMERS THAT COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS. Our ability to maintain close, satisfactory relationships with large customers is important to our business. A reduction, delay, or cancellation of orders from our large customers would harm our business. Similarly, the loss of one or more of our key customers, reduced orders by any of our key customers, or significant variations in the timing of orders, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. WE ARE NOT PROTECTED BY LONG-TERM SUPPLY CONTRACTS WITH OUR CUSTOMERS. We do not typically enter into long-term supply contracts with our customers, and we cannot be certain as to future order levels from our customers. When we do enter into a long-term contract, the contract is generally terminable at the convenience of the customer. In the event of an early termination by one of our major customers, it is unlikely that we would be able to replace that revenue source in a timely manner or at all, which would harm our financial results. WE ARE SUBJECT TO ENVIRONMENTAL, HEALTH AND SAFETY REGULATIONS, WHICH COULD IMPOSE UNANTICIPATED REQUIREMENTS ON OUR BUSINESS IN THE FUTURE. ANY FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH CURRENT OR FUTURE ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS MAY SUBJECT US TO LIABILITY OR SUSPENSION OF OUR MANUFACTURING OPERATIONS. We are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate governing, among other things, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the use, handling and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, soil and groundwater contamination, and employee health and safety. We could incur significant costs as a result of any failure by us to comply with, or any liability we may incur under, environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including the limitation or suspension of production, monetary fines or civil or criminal sanctions, clean-up costs or other future liabilities in excess of our reserves. We are also subject to laws and regulations governing the recycling of our products, the materials that may be included in our products, and our obligation to dispose of our products at the end of their useful lives. For example, the European Directive 2002/95/EC on restriction of hazardous substances (RoHS Directive) bans the placing on the European Union market of new electrical and electronic equipment containing more than specified levels of lead and other hazardous compounds. As more countries enact requirements like the RoHS Directive, and as exemptions are phased out, we could incur substantial additional costs to convert the remainder of our portfolio to comply with such requirements, conduct required research and development, alter manufacturing processes, or adjust our supply-chain management. Such changes could also result in significant inventory obsolescence. In addition, compliance with environmental, health and safety requirements could restrict our ability to expand our facilities or require us to acquire costly pollution-control equipment, incur other significant expenses or modify our manufacturing processes. We also are subject to cleanup obligations at properties that we currently own or at facilities that we may have owned in the past or at which we conducted operations. In the event of the discovery of new or previously unknown contamination, additional requirements with respect to existing contamination, or the imposition of other cleanup obligations at these or other sites for which we are responsible, we may be required to take remedial or other measures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. THE LOSS OF ANY KEY PERSONNEL ON WHOM WE DEPEND MAY SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS. 22 Table of Contents Our future success depends in large part on the continued service of our key technical and management personnel and on our ability to continue to attract and retain qualified employees, particularly those highly skilled design, process and test engineers involved in the manufacture of existing products and in the development of new products and processes. The competition for such personnel is intense, and the loss of key employees could harm our business. ACCOUNTING FOR OUR PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS IS SUBJECT TO JUDGMENTS AND ESTIMATES AND MAY LEAD TO UNPREDICTABLE SHARE-BASED EXPENSE RECOGNITION. THE IMPLEMENTATION PLANS UNDER WHICH OUR PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS ARE ISSUED MAY ALSO AFFECT THE DEDUCTIBILITY OF SOME COMPENSATION PAID TO OUR NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS. We have issued, and may in the future continue to issue, performance-based restricted stock units to eligible employees, entitling those employees to receive restricted stock if they, and we, meet designated performance criteria established by our compensation committee. We are required to reassess the probability of vesting at each reporting date under any performance-based incentive plan, and any change in our forecasts may result in an increase or decrease to the expense recognized. As a result and as described in this paragraph, the expense recognition for performance-based restricted stock units could change over time, requiring adjustments to our financial statements to reflect changes in our judgment regarding the probability of achieving the performance goals. We recognize the share-based compensation expense in respect of performance-based restricted stock units when we believe it is probable that we will achieve the specified performance criteria. If the performance goals are not achieved, no compensation expense is recognized and any previously recognized compensation expense is reversed. The fair value of each award is recognized over the service period and is reduced for estimated forfeitures. In December 2014, we adopted the 2015 Long-Term Performance-Based Incentive Plan, which provided for the grant of restricted stock units to eligible employees and the possible vesting of those restricted stock units based on achievement of specified performance criteria. Compensation expense for these performance-based restricted stock units will be determined, and may require adjustments from time to time, based on the exercise of management’s judgment as discussed in this paragraph. The implementation of our performance-based incentive plans may also affect our ability to receive federal income tax deductions for compensation in excess of $1.0 million paid, during any fiscal year, to our named executive officers. To the extent that aspects of performance-based compensation plans such as the ones we have typically adopted are adjusted in the discretion of the compensation committee, the exercise of that discretion, notwithstanding that it is expressly permitted by the terms of a plan, may result in plan compensation awarded to named executive officers not being deductible. Our compensation committee has retained the discretion to implement our performance-based incentive plans, including our 2014 Plan and our recently adopted 2015 Plan, notwithstanding any potential loss of deductibility, in the manner that it believes most effectively achieves the objectives of our compensation philosophies and the terms of these plans. PROVISIONS IN OUR RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION AND BYLAWS MAY HAVE ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECTS. Certain provisions of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation, our Bylaws and Delaware law could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to five million shares of preferred stock and to determine the price, voting rights, preferences and privileges, and restrictions of those shares without the approval of our stockholders. The rights of the holders of common stock will be subject to, and may be harmed by, the rights of the holders of any shares of preferred stock that may be issued in the future. The issuance of preferred stock may delay, defer or prevent a change in control, by making it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our stock. In addition, the issuance of preferred stock could have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. We have no present plans to issue shares of preferred stock. WE ARE, AND MAY IN THE FUTURE BE, ENGAGED IN LITIGATION THAT IS COSTLY, TIME CONSUMING TO DEFEND OR PROSECUTE AND, IF AN ADVERSE DECISION WERE TO OCCUR, COULD HAVE A HARMFUL EFFECT ON OUR BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL CONDITION OR LIQUIDITY DEPENDING ON THE OUTCOME. We are subject to legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. See Note 11 of this Form 10-K. Litigation may result in substantial costs and may divert management’s attention and resources, which may seriously harm our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. As discussed under Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we are or recently have been engaged, directly and indirectly through our subsidiaries Atmel Rousset S.A.S. (“Atmel Rousset”) and Atmel B.V., in legal proceedings, in France and in the United States, related to the June 2013 insolvency of the owner of our former manufacturing facility in Rousset, France. Atmel Rousset sold that manufacturing facility, through an arms-length process, in June 2010. In one case, LFoundry Rousset S.A.S. (“LFR”) and its judicially-appointed receivers filed an action against the Company and Atmel B.V. (the “Paris Action”) seeking damages of approximately 135 million Euros in connection with that transaction, as described under “Legal Proceedings - French Insolvency-Related Litigation - LFoundry and Atmel Corporation, et al.” On October 6, 2014, the Paris Commercial Court granted a request by LFR’s judicially-appointed liquidator to dismiss LFR’s petition without prejudice. In a second case, filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (the “New York Action”), LFR and a putative class of former LFR employees are seeking substantial damages, based upon the same underlying allegations. On November 25, 2014, we moved to dismiss the 23 Table of Contents First Amended Complaint in the New York Action. In parallel, over 500 former employees of LFR have filed individual labor actions against Atmel Rousset in the labor court in Aix-en-Provence, France (the “Individual Labor Actions”) based on allegations similar to the allegations made in the other litigations. We believe the claims in the Paris Action, the New York Action, and the Individual Labor Actions are and were without merit, specious and defamatory. Nonetheless, if LFR and its judicially-appointed representative, or the LFR employees (whether individually or as a class), were successful in their attempt to recover substantial damages against us, payment of those damages, if payment were ever required or if any damages award were ever capable of enforcement, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. OUR FOREIGN PENSION PLANS ARE UNFUNDED, AND ANY REQUIREMENT TO FUND THESE PLANS IN THE FUTURE COULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR CASH POSITION AND OPERATING CAPITAL. We sponsor defined benefit pension plans that cover substantially all of our French and German employees. Plan benefits are managed in accordance with local statutory requirements. Benefits are based on years of service and employee compensation levels. The projected benefit obligation totaled $49.8 million at December 31, 2014 and $38.9 million at December 31, 2013. The plans are unfunded, in compliance with local statutory regulations, and we have no immediate intention of funding these plans. Benefits are paid when amounts become due, commencing when participants retire. We expect to pay approximately $0.5 million in 2015 for benefits earned. Should legislative regulations require complete or partial funding of these plans in the future, it could negatively affect our cash position and operating capital. FUTURE ACQUISITIONS MAY RESULT IN UNANTICIPATED ACCOUNTING CHARGES OR MAY OTHERWISE ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND RESULT IN DIFFICULTIES IN INTEGRATING THE OPERATIONS, PERSONNEL, TECHNOLOGIES, PRODUCTS AND INFORMATION SYSTEMS OF ACQUIRED COMPANIES OR BUSINESSES, OR BE DILUTIVE TO EXISTING STOCKHOLDERS. A key element of our business strategy includes expansion through the acquisition of businesses, assets, products or technologies that allow us to complement our existing product offerings, expand our market coverage, increase our skilled engineering workforce or enhance our technological capabilities. We continually evaluate and explore strategic opportunities as they arise, including business combination transactions, strategic partnerships, and the purchase or sale of assets, including tangible and intangible assets such as intellectual property. Acquisitions may require significant capital infusions, typically entail many risks and could result in difficulties in assimilating and integrating the operations, personnel, technologies, products and information systems of acquired companies or businesses. We have in the past experienced and may in the future experience delays in the timing and successful integration of an acquired company’s technologies, products and product development plans as a result of unanticipated costs and expenditures, changing relationships with customers, suppliers and strategic partners, difficulties ramping up volume production, or contractual, intellectual property or employment issues. In addition, key personnel of an acquired company may decide not to stay with us post-acquisition. The acquisition of another company or its products and technologies may also require us to enter into a geographic or business market in which we have little or no prior experience. These challenges could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees, harm our reputation and increase our expenses. These challenges are magnified as the size of the acquisition increases. Furthermore, these challenges would be even greater if we acquired a business or entered into a business combination transaction with a company that was larger and more difficult to integrate than the companies we have historically acquired. Acquisitions may require large one-time charges and can result in increased debt or contingent liabilities, adverse tax consequences, additional share-based compensation expense and the recording and later amortization of amounts related to certain purchased intangible assets, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we may record goodwill in connection with an acquisition and incur goodwill impairment charges in the future. Any of these charges could cause the price of our common stock to decline. Acquisitions or asset purchases made entirely or partially for cash may reduce our cash reserves. We may seek to obtain additional cash to fund an acquisition by selling equity or debt securities. Any issuance of equity or convertible debt securities may be dilutive to our existing stockholders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to consummate any pending or future acquisitions or that we will realize any anticipated benefits or synergies from any of our historic or future acquisitions. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition opportunities that are available at attractive valuations, if at all. Even if we do find suitable acquisition opportunities, we may not be able to consummate the acquisitions on commercially acceptable terms, and any decline in the price of our common stock may make it significantly more difficult and expensive to initiate or consummate additional acquisitions. We are required under U.S. GAAP to test goodwill for possible impairment on an annual basis and at any other time that circumstances arise indicating the carrying value of our goodwill may not be recoverable. At December 31, 2014 , we had $191.1 million of goodwill. We completed our annual test of goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of 2014 and concluded that we did not have any impairment at that time. However, if we continue to see deterioration in the global economy and the current market conditions in the semiconductor industry worsen, the carrying amount of our goodwill may no longer be recoverable, and we may be required to record a material impairment charge, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations. 24 Table of Contents DISRUPTIONS TO THE AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS CAN AFFECT OUR ABILITY TO SUPPLY PRODUCTS TO OUR CUSTOMERS, WHICH COULD SERIOUSLY HARM OUR BUSINESS. The manufacture of semiconductor devices requires specialized raw materials, primarily certain types of silicon wafers. We generally utilize more than one source to acquire these wafers, but there are only a limited number of qualified suppliers capable of producing these wafers in the market. In addition, the raw materials, which include specialized chemicals and gases, and the equipment necessary for our business, could become more difficult to obtain as worldwide use of semiconductors in product applications increases. We have experienced supply shortages and price increases from time to time in the past, and on occasion our suppliers have told us they need more time than expected to fill our orders. Any significant interruption of the supply of raw materials or increase in cost of raw materials could harm our business. WE COULD FACE PRODUCT LIABILITY CLAIMS THAT RESULT IN SIGNIFICANT COSTS AND DAMAGE TO OUR REPUTATION WITH CUSTOMERS, WHICH WOULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS. All of our products are sold with a limited warranty. However, we could incur costs not covered by our warranties, including additional labor costs, costs for replacing defective parts, reimbursement to customers for damages incurred in correcting their defective products, costs for product recalls or other damages. These costs could be disproportionately higher than the revenue and profits we receive from the sales of our products. Our products have previously experienced, and may in the future experience, manufacturing defects, software or firmware bugs, or other similar quality problems. If any of our products contain defects or bugs, or have reliability, quality or compatibility problems, our reputation may be damaged and customers may be reluctant to buy our products, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers and attract new customers. In addition, any defects, bugs or other quality problems could interrupt or delay sales or shipment of our products to our customers. We have implemented significant quality control measures to mitigate these risks; however, it is possible that products shipped to our customers will contain defects, bugs or other quality problems. Such problems may divert our technical and other resources from other development efforts. If any of these problems are not found until after we have commenced commercial production of a new product, we may be required to incur significant additional costs or delay shipments, which would negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. CHANGES IN OUR INCOME TAX POSITIONS OR ADVERSE OUTCOMES RESULTING FROM ONGOING OR FUTURE TAX AUDITS, IN THE U.S. OR FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS, COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. Income tax provisions are subject to significant judgment and estimates and may require material modification as new information is obtained regarding our tax positions, as our business performance changes, or as tax laws, regulations, treaties and interpretations in the U.S. or other jurisdictions change. Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by many factors including: earnings being lower than anticipated in countries where we operate that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; expiration of or lapses in R&D tax credits or similar laws; expiration of or lapses in tax incentives; transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of intercompany acquisitions under cost sharing arrangements; the legal structure of our foreign subsidiaries and changes to that structure; tax effects of nondeductible compensation; tax costs related to intercompany realignments; changes in accounting principles; or changes in tax laws and regulations, treaties, or interpretations, including possible changes to the taxation of earnings, or the deductibility of expenses (including expenses attributable to foreign income), of our foreign subsidiaries or foreign tax credit rules. If any of these circumstances were to arise, the initial judgments or estimates we use to prepare our financial statements may require adjustment, which could, if material, negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition. For example, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development, an international association of 34 countries including the United States, is contemplating changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. These contemplated changes, if finalized and adopted by countries in which we operate, will increase tax uncertainty and may adversely affect our provision for income taxes. We are also subject to continued examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other foreign and domestic tax authorities and typically have a number of open audits under way at any time. See Note 12 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. While we believe that the resolution of these audits will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, the outcome is subject to significant uncertainties. If we are unable to obtain agreements with the tax authority on the various proposed adjustments, there could be a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. OUR LEGAL ENTITY ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE IS COMPLEX, WHICH COULD RESULT IN UNFAVORABLE TAX OR OTHER CONSEQUENCES, WHICH COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR NET INCOME AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. 25 Table of Contents We currently operate legal entities in countries where we conduct manufacturing, design, and sales operations around the world. In some countries, we maintain multiple entities for tax or other purposes. Changes in tax laws, regulations, and related interpretations in the countries in which we operate may adversely affect our results of operations. We have many entities globally and unsettled intercompany balances between some of these entities that could result, if changes in law, regulations or related interpretations occur, in adverse tax or other consequences affecting our capital structure, intercompany interest rates and legal structure. FROM TIME TO TIME WE RECEIVE GRANTS FROM GOVERNMENTS, AGENCIES AND RESEARCH ORGANIZATIONS. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF THOSE GRANTS, WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RECEIVE OR RECOGNIZE GRANT BENEFITS OR WE MAY BE REQUIRED TO REPAY GRANT BENEFITS PREVIOUSLY PAID TO US AND RECOGNIZE RELATED CHARGES, WHICH WOULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL POSITION. From time to time, we receive economic incentive grants and allowances from European governments, agencies and research organizations targeted at increasing employment at specific locations. The subsidy grant agreements typically contain economic incentive, headcount, capital and research and development expenditure and other covenants that must be met to receive and retain grant benefits and these programs can be subjected to periodic review by the relevant governments. Noncompliance with the conditions of the grants could result in the forfeiture of all or a portion of any future amounts to be received, as well as the repayment of all or a portion of amounts received to date. 