” and
Part II, Item 7, “Critical Accounting Estimates” within “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Unless otherwise provided, “Amedisys,” “we,” “us,” “our,” and the “Company” refer to
Amedisys, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries and when we refer to 2014, 2013 and 2012, we mean the twelve month period then ended December 31, unless otherwise provided. A copy of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 as filed with the SEC, including all exhibits, is
available on our internet website at http://www.amedisys.com on the “Investors” page under the “SEC Filings” link. 1 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview Amedisys, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMED) is a “health care at
home” company delivering home health and hospice care to more than 360,000 patients each year. Amedisys is focused on delivering patient-centered care, whether that is home-based recovery and rehabilitation after an operation or injury, care
focused on empowering them to manage a chronic disease, palliative care for those with a terminal illness, or hospice care at the end of life. As a recognized innovator in our industry, we were one of the first to equip clinicians with point-of-care laptop technology and referring physicians with an internet portal that enables seamless,
real-time coordination of patient care. Our advanced chronic care management programs enable us to deliver care in accordance with the latest evidence-based practices. Our nationwide Care Transitions program is designed to reduce unnecessary
hospital readmissions through patient and caregiver health coaching and care coordination, which starts in the hospital and continues through completion of the patient’s home health plan of care. We have a strong care network across 34 states and our focus continues to be on improving patient outcomes, reducing operating costs and
keeping our patients where they want to be, at home. As of December 31, 2014, we owned and operated 316 Medicare-certified home health care centers and 80 Medicare-certified hospice care centers. Our services are primarily paid for by Medicare due to the age demographics of our patient base (average age 81). Medicare represented
approximately 82% to 84% of our net service revenue over the last three years. We are working to diversify our sources of payment by increasing our relationships with managed care providers. We remain focused on developing and maintaining a
profitable and strategically important managed care contract portfolio. Amedisys was originally incorporated in Louisiana in
1982, transferred our operations to a Delaware corporation, which was incorporated in 1994, and became a publicly traded company in August of that year. Our common stock is currently traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol
“AMED”. Home Health Care: There is no place like home to provide a healing environment when recovering from a surgery or illness or living with a chronic disease. It is the place where family, friends and familiar surroundings
make patients feel most comfortable and may enable faster recovery. The Medicare home health benefit is available to homebound patients who require ongoing intermittent skilled care. Our services are provided by dedicated, highly trained and skilled
home health care professionals, working closely with physicians to coordinate all aspects of care and comfort to our patients. Our Care Team of professionals includes: • Skilled Nurses • Nurse Practitioners • Home Health Aides • Physical Therapists • Occupational Therapists • Speech Therapists • Medical Social Workers 2 Table of Contents Our chronic care clinical programs incorporate evidence-based best practices for patients
with chronic diseases. These programs incorporate national clinical standards and use patient education to empower patients and their caregivers with self-care management skills. Our chronic care management includes programs for cardiovascular,
respiratory, diabetes, behavioral health, rehabilitative and medical surgical conditions. Our care team also utilizes a Care Transitions program that helps patients move safely from the hospital to their homes with the appropriate post-acute care.
Our hospital and health system partners want to ensure their patients have a smooth transition home as well as prevent avoidable readmissions. Hospice Care: Hospice
is a special form of care that is designed to provide comfort and support for those who are dealing with a terminal illness. It is a compassionate form of care that promotes dignity and affirms quality of life for the patient, family members and
other loved ones. Individuals with a terminal illness such as heart disease, pulmonary disease, Alzheimer’s, HIV/AIDS or
cancer may be eligible for hospice care, if they have a life expectancy of six months or less. Amedisys’ specialized
team of hospice professionals works with the patient, family members and attending physician to develop a plan of care that will best meet the patient’s and family’s needs. Our Team is a dedicated support network for the patient and includes: • The Patient and Family • Attending Physician • Hospice Physician • Nurses • Social Workers • Home Health Aides • Volunteers • Bereavement Counselors • Spiritual Counselors Other Business Lines: We have invested in and are exploring new business lines that are complementary to our existing home health and hospice businesses. These
new business lines consist of (i) palliative care, which is designed to relieve pain and suffering for patients who do not qualify for, or have not elected, the hospice benefit, (ii) house calls medical practices and (iii) outpatient
therapy services. To date these businesses are not meaningful contributors to our operating results. Responding to Changing Regulatory and
Reimbursement Environment: Effective October 2012, Medicare began to impose a financial penalty upon hospitals that have
excessive rates of patient readmissions within 30 days after hospital discharge. We believe this new regulation provides opportunities for providers of post-acute care who can demonstrate the ability to maintain or reduce patient acute care hospital
readmission rates at or below an acceptable level. We are working to take advantage of this opportunity by striving to further improve the quality of care we provide, as well as implementing disease management programs designed to be responsive to
the needs of patients served by the hospitals we call upon, so as to expand our business by garnering more referrals from hospitals. 3 Table of Contents The passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (“PPACA”) has
resulted in several programs being introduced by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) that offer the opportunity to participate in initiatives that align home health providers with hospitals, physicians, managed care
payors and other referral sources to coordinate care and/or pilot alternative reimbursement structures. One such program is the CMS Bundled Payments for Care Improvement Initiative (“BPCI”). We participated in a “Model 3 – 90-Day
Post-Acute” BPCI bundle across two regions during 2014. This is an at-risk model in which CMS sets a bundle target price based on historical costs. On October 29, 2014, we notified CMS of our plan to withdraw from the two Model 3 bundles.
We will continue to evaluate the results of our bundle participation and determine any future participation in CMS Bundle programs. In addition to the BPCI program, PPACA introduced Accountable Care Organization (“ACO”) programs. An ACO is a group of doctors, hospitals and other health care providers who come together
voluntarily to give coordinated high-quality care to Medicare patients. The goal of coordinated care is to ensure that patients, especially the chronically ill, get the right care at the right time, while avoiding unnecessary duplication of services
and preventing medical errors. While these programs are presently not material to our business, we are currently participating in several ACOs and monitoring their results. AMS3 Development: AMS3 is our third generation,
proprietary operating system. We installed the system in our first care center in May 2014 and currently have 15 care centers using the system. We continue to make improvements to the system and will evaluate the results of the improvements made and
planned over the new few months. The results of this evaluation and the implementation of the 10 th revision of the International Classification of Diseases (“ICD-10”), effective October 1, 2015, may cause us to alter our currently proposed
implementation schedule, up to and including postponing further implementation until after the implementation of ICD-10. Financial
Information: Financial information for our home health and hospice segments can be found in our consolidated financial
statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Employees As of February 27, 2015, we employed approximately 13,200 employees, consisting of approximately 10,100 home health care employees,
2,200 hospice care employees and 900 corporate and divisional support employees. Payment for Our Services Home Health Medicare The Medicare home health benefit is available both for patients who need care following discharge from a hospital and patients who suffer from chronic conditions that require ongoing but intermittent
care. As a condition of participation under Medicare, beneficiaries must be homebound (meaning that the beneficiary is unable to leave his/her home without a considerable and taxing effort), require intermittent skilled nursing, physical therapy or
speech therapy services, and receive treatment under a plan of care established and periodically reviewed by a physician. Medicare rates are based on the severity of the patient’s condition, his or her service needs and other factors relating
to the cost of providing services and supplies, bundled into 60-day episodes of care. An episode starts with the first day a billable visit is performed and ends 60 days later or upon discharge, if earlier. If a patient is still in treatment on the
60 th day, a recertification assessment is undertaken to
determine whether the patient needs additional care. If the patient’s physician determines that further care is necessary, another episode begins on the 61 st day (regardless of whether a billable visit is rendered on that day) and ends 60 days later. The first day of a
consecutive episode, therefore, is not necessarily the new episode’s first billable visit. 4 Table of Contents Annually, the Medicare program base episodic rates are set through Federal legislation, as
follows: Period Base episode payment January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2012 2,139 January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2013 2,138 January 1, 2014 through December 31, 2014 2,869 January 1, 2015 through December 31, 2015 2,961 Payments can be adjusted for: (a) an outlier payment if our patient’s care was unusually costly
(capped at 10% of total reimbursement per provider number); (b) a low utilization payment adjustment (“LUPA”) if the number of visits during the episode was fewer than five; (c) a partial payment if our patient transferred to
another provider or we received a patient from another provider before completing the episode; (d) a payment adjustment based upon the level of therapy services required (with various incremental adjustments made for additional visits, with
larger payment increases associated with the sixth, fourteenth and twentieth visit thresholds); (e) a payment adjustment if we are unable to perform periodic therapy assessments; (f) the number of episodes of care provided to a patient,
regardless of whether the same home health provider provided care for the entire series of episodes; (g) changes in the base episode payments established by the Medicare program; (h) adjustments to the base episode payments for case mix
and geographic wages; and (i) recoveries of overpayments. Medicare can also make various adjustments to payments received if we are unable to produce appropriate billing documentation or acceptable authorizations. In addition, we make
adjustments to Medicare revenue if we find that we are unable to obtain appropriate billing documentation, authorizations or face to face documentation. Home Health Non-Medicare Payments from Medicaid and private insurance
carriers are based on episodic-based rates (60-day episode of care) or per visit rates depending upon the terms and conditions established with such payors. Episodic-based rates paid by our non-Medicare payors are paid in a similar manner and
subject to the same adjustments as discussed above for Medicare; however, these rates can vary based upon negotiated terms. Hospice
Medicare The Medicare hospice benefit is also available to Medicare-eligible patients with terminal illnesses, certified
by a physician, where life expectancy is six months or less. Medicare rates are based on standard prospective rates for delivering care over a base 90-day or 60-day period (90-day episodes of care for the first two episodes and 60-day episodes of care for any subsequent episodes). Payments are based on daily rates for each day a beneficiary is enrolled in the hospice benefit. Rates are set based on specific levels of care, are adjusted by
a wage index to reflect health care labor costs across the country and are established annually through Federal legislation. We make adjustments to Medicare revenue when we find we are unable to obtain appropriate billing documentation,
authorizations or face to face documentation and other reasons unrelated to credit risk. The levels of care are routine care, general inpatient care, continuous home care and respite care. We bill Medicare for hospice services on a monthly basis and our payments are subject to two fixed annual caps, which are assessed on a
provider number basis. Generally, each hospice care center has its own provider number. However, where we have created branch care centers to help our parent care centers serve a geographic location, the parent and branch may have the same provider
number. The annual caps per patient, known as hospice caps, are calculated and published by the Medicare fiscal intermediary on an annual basis and cover the twelve month period from November 1 through October 31. The caps can be subject
to annual and retroactive adjustments, which can cause providers to owe money back to Medicare if such caps are exceeded. 5 Table of Contents The two caps are detailed below: • Inpatient Cap. This cap limits the number of days of inpatient care (both respite and general) under a provider number to 20% of the
total number of days of hospice care (both inpatient and in-home) furnished to all patients served. The daily payment rate for any inpatient days of service in excess of the cap amount is calculated at the routine home care rate, with excess amounts
due back to Medicare; and • Overall Payment Cap. This cap is calculated by the Medicare fiscal intermediary at the end of each hospice cap period to determine the
maximum allowable payments per provider number. We estimate our potential cap exposure using information available for both inpatient day limits as well as per beneficiary cap amounts. The total cap amount for each provider is calculated by
multiplying the number of beneficiaries electing hospice care during the period by a statutory amount that is indexed for inflation. Our ability to stay within these limitations depends on a number of factors, each determined on a provider number basis, including the average length of stay and mix in level of care. Hospice Non-Medicare Non-Medicare payors pay at rates different from established Medicare rates for hospice services, which are based on separate, negotiated
agreements. We bill and are paid based on these agreements. Controls over Our Business System Infrastructure We establish and maintain processes and controls over coding, clinical operations, billing, patient recertifications and compliance to
help monitor and promote compliance with Medicare requirements. • Coding – Specified diagnosis codes are assigned to each of our patients based on their particular health condition and ailment
(such as diabetes, coronary artery disease or congestive heart failure). Because coding regulations are complex and are subject to frequent change, we maintain controls surrounding our coding process. In order to reduce associated risk, we provide
coding training and annual update training for new care center directors and clinical managers; provide coding training during orientation for new employees; provide monthly specialized coding education; obtain outside expert coding instruction;
utilize coding software in our POC system; and have automated coding edits based on pre-defined compliance metrics in our POC system. • Clinical Operations – Regulatory requirements allow patients to be admitted to home health care if they are considered homebound
and require certain clinical services. These clinical services include: educating the patient about their disease; assessment and observation of disease status; delivery of clinical skills such as wound care; administration of injections or
intravenous fluids; and management and evaluation of a patient’s plan of care. In order to help monitor and promote compliance with regulatory requirements, we complete audits of patient charts; administer survey guideline education; hold
recurrent homecare regulatory education; utilize outside expert regulatory services; and have a toll-free hotline to offer additional assistance. • Billing – We maintain controls over our billing processes to help promote accurate and complete billing. In order to promote the
accuracy and completeness of our billing, we have annual billing compliance testing; use formalized billing attestations; limit access to billing systems; hold weekly operational meetings; use automated daily billing operational indicators; and take
prompt corrective action with employees who knowingly fail to follow our billing policies and procedures in accordance with a well-publicized “Zero Tolerance Policy”. • Patient Recertification – In order to be recertified for an additional episode of care, a patient must continue to meet
qualifying criteria and have a continuing medical need. This could be caused by 6 Table of Contents changes in the patient’s condition requiring changes to the patient’s medical regimen or by modified care protocols within the episode of care. The patient’s progress towards goals
is evaluated prior to recertification. As with the initial episode of care, a recertification requires orders from the patient’s physician. Before any employee recommends recertification to a physician, we conduct a care center level,
multidisciplinary care team conference. We also monitor centralized automated compliance recertification metrics to identify, monitor, and, where we deem appropriate, audit care centers that have relatively high recertification levels. • Compliance – The quality and reputation of our personnel and operations are critical to our success. We develop, implement and
maintain ethics, compliance and quality improvement programs as a component of the centralized corporate services provided to our home health and hospice care centers. Our ethics and compliance program includes a Code of Ethical Business
Conduct for our employees, officers, directors and affiliates and a process for reporting regulatory or ethical concerns to our Chief Compliance Officer through a confidential hotline, which is augmented by exit interviews of departing employees and
monthly interviews with randomly-selected, current employees. We promote a culture of compliance within our company through persistent messages from our senior leadership concerning the necessity of strict compliance with legal requirements and
company policies and procedures. We also employ a comprehensive compliance training program that includes mandatory compliance training and testing for all new employees upon hire and annually for all staff thereafter. In addition to our
compliance training, we also conduct numerous proactive, compliance audits focusing on key risk areas, which are conducted by clinical auditors who work for our Compliance Department. Our Regulatory Environment We are highly regulated by Federal, state and local authorities. Regulations and policies frequently change, and we monitor changes through trade and governmental publications and associations. Our home
health and hospice subsidiaries are certified by CMS and therefore are eligible to receive payment for services through the Medicare system. We are also subject to Federal, state and local laws and regulations dealing with issues such as occupational safety, employment, medical leave, insurance, civil rights, discrimination, building codes,
environmental issues and adverse event reporting and recordkeeping. Federal, state and local governments are expanding the number of regulatory requirements on businesses. We have set forth below a discussion of the regulations that we believe most significantly affect our home health and hospice businesses. Licensure, Certificates of Need (CON) and Permits of Approval (POA) Home health and hospice care centers operate under licenses granted by the health authorities of their respective states. Additionally,
certain states, including a number in which we operate, carefully restrict new entrants into the market based on demographic and/or competitive changes. In such states, expansion by existing providers or entry into the market by new providers is
permitted only where a given amount of unmet need exists, resulting either from population increases or a reduction in competing providers. These states ration the availability of markets through a CON process, which is periodically evaluated.
Currently, state health authorities in 17 states and the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico require a CON or, in the State of Arkansas, a POA, in order to establish and operate a home health care center, and state health authorities in 12 states
and the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico require a CON to operate a hospice care center. We operate home health care
centers in the following CON states: Alabama, Arkansas (POA), Georgia, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia, as well as the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. We
provide hospice related services in the following CON states: Alabama, Maryland, North Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia. 7 Table of Contents In every state where required, our locations possess a license and/or CON or POA issued by
the state health authority that determines the local service areas for the home health or hospice care center. In general, the process for opening a home health or hospice care center begins by a provider submitting an application for licensure and
certification to the state and Federal regulatory bodies, which is followed by a testing period of transmitting data from the applicant to CMS. Once this process is complete, the care center receives a provider agreement and corresponding number and
can begin billing for services that it provides. For those states that require a CON or POA, the provider must also complete a separate application process before billing can commence. In addition, states with CON and POA laws place limits on the
construction and acquisition of health care facilities and operations and the expansion of existing facilities and services. In these states, approvals are required for capital expenditures exceeding amounts above the prescribed thresholds. State CON and POA laws generally provide that, prior to the addition of new capacity, the construction of new facilities or
the introduction of new services, a designated state health planning agency must determine that a need exists for those beds, facilities or services. The process is intended to promote comprehensive health care planning, assist in providing
high-quality health care at the lowest possible cost and avoid unnecessary duplication by ensuring that only those health care facilities and operations that are needed will be built and opened. Professional Licensure, Certification, Accreditation and Related Laws and Guidelines We have invested in new business lines that are complementary to our existing home health and hospice businesses, but require compliance
with additional regulatory requirements. These new business lines consist of (i) palliative care, which is designed to relieve pain and suffering for patients who do not qualify for, or have not elected, the hospice benefit, and (ii) house
calls medical practices. These new practices are billed pursuant to Medicare Part B, rather than Medicare Part A which governs both home health and hospice, and utilize house calls nurse practitioners (“NPs”), physician assistants
(“PAs”) and physicians (collectively with NPs and PAs, “Clinical Professionals”). Our Clinical Professionals are subject to numerous federal, state and local licensing laws and regulations, relating to, among other things,
professional credentialing and professional ethics. Clinical Professionals are also subject to state and Federal regulation regarding prescribing medication and controlled substances. Each state defines the scope of practice of Clinical
Professionals through legislation and through the respective Boards of Medicine and Nursing, and many states require that NPs and PAs work in collaboration with or under the supervision of a physician. These requirements may vary significantly from
state to state. There are penalties for non-compliance with these laws and standards, including loss of professional license, civil or criminal fines and penalties, federal health care program disenrollment, loss of billing privileges, and exclusion
from participation in various governmental and other third-party healthcare programs. Reimbursement for palliative care and
house calls services is generally conditioned on our Clinical Professionals providing the correct procedure and diagnosis codes and properly documenting both the service itself and the medical necessity for the service. Incorrect or incomplete
documentation and billing information, or the incorrect selection of codes for the level and type of service provided, could result in non-payment for services rendered or lead to allegations of billing fraud. Medicare Participation Our care centers must comply with regulations promulgated by the United States Department of Health and Human Services in order to participate in the Medicare program and receive Medicare payments. Among
other things, these regulations, known as “conditions of participation,” relate to the type of facility, its personnel and its standards of medical care, as well as its compliance with state and local laws and regulations. In 2012, CMS
adopted alternative sanction enforcement options which allow CMS (i) effective July 1, 2013, to impose temporary management, direct plans of correction, or direct training, and (ii) effective July 1, 2014, to impose payment
suspensions and civil monetary penalties in each case on providers out of compliance with the conditions of participation. CMS has issued a proposed rule on October 1, 2014, revising the current home health 8 Table of Contents conditions of participation. We provided public comments on the proposed changes, but we cannot predict the content or effective date of any final rule revising the home health conditions of
participation. CMS has engaged a number of third party firms, including Recovery Audit Contractors (“RACs”),
Program Safeguard Contractors (“PSCs”), Zone Program Integrity Contractors (“ZPICs”) and Medicaid Integrity Contributors (“MICs”), to conduct extensive reviews of claims data and state and Federal government health care
program laws and regulations applicable to healthcare providers. These audits evaluate the appropriateness of billings submitted for payment. In addition to identifying overpayments, audit contractors can refer suspected violations of law to
government enforcement authorities. Federal and State Anti-Fraud and Anti-Kickback Laws As a provider under the Medicare and Medicaid systems, we are subject to various anti-fraud and abuse laws, including the Federal health
care programs’ anti-kickback statute and, where applicable, its state law counterparts. Subject to certain exceptions, these laws prohibit any offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce or reward the referral
of business payable under a government health care program or in return for the purchase, lease, order, arranging for, or recommendation of items or services covered under a government health care program. Affected government health care programs
include any health care plans or programs that are funded by the United States government (other than certain Federal employee health insurance benefits/programs), including certain state health care programs that receive Federal funds, such as
Medicaid. A related law forbids the offer or transfer of anything of value, including certain waivers of co-payment obligations and deductible amounts, to a beneficiary of Medicare or Medicaid that is likely to influence the beneficiary’s
selection of health care providers, again subject to certain exceptions. Violations of the anti-fraud and abuse laws can result in the imposition of substantial civil and criminal penalties and, potentially, exclusion from furnishing services under
any government health care program. In addition, the states in which we operate generally have laws that prohibit certain direct or indirect payments or fee-splitting arrangements between health care providers where they are designed to obtain the
referral of patients from a particular provider. Stark Laws Congress adopted legislation in 1989, known as the “Stark Law,” that generally prohibited a physician from ordering clinical
laboratory services for a Medicare beneficiary where the entity providing that service has a financial relationship (including direct or indirect ownership or compensation relationships) with the physician (or a member of his/her immediate family),
and further prohibits such entity from billing for or receiving payment for such services, unless a specified exception is available. The Stark Law was amended through additional legislation, known as “Stark II,” which became effective
January 1, 1993. That legislation extended the Stark Law prohibitions beyond clinical laboratory services to a more extensive list of statutorily defined “designated health services,” which includes, among other things, home health
services, durable medical equipment and outpatient prescription drugs. Violations of the Stark Law result in payment denials and may also trigger civil monetary penalties and program exclusion. Several of the states in which we conduct business have
also enacted statutes similar in scope and purpose to the Federal fraud and abuse laws and the Stark Laws. These state laws may mirror the Federal Stark Laws or may be different in scope. The available guidance and enforcement activity associated
with such state laws varies considerably. Federal and State Privacy and Security Laws The Administrative Simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended
(“HIPAA”), directed that the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) promulgate regulations prescribing standard requirements for electronic health care transactions and establishing protections for
the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information, known as “protected health information.” The HIPAA transactions regulations establish form, format and data content 9 Table of Contents requirements for most electronic health care transactions, such as health care claims that are submitted electronically. The HIPAA privacy regulations establish comprehensive requirements
relating to the use and disclosure of protected health information. The HIPAA security regulations establish minimum standards for the protection of protected health information that is stored or transmitted electronically. Violations of the privacy
and security regulations are punishable by civil and criminal penalties. The American Recovery and Economic Reinvestment Act
of 2009 (“ARRA”), signed into law by President Obama on February 17, 2009, contained significant changes to the privacy and security provisions of HIPAA, including major changes to the enforcement provisions. Among other things, ARRA
significantly increased the amount of civil monetary penalties that can be imposed for violations of HIPAA. ARRA also authorized state attorneys general to bring civil enforcement actions under HIPAA. These enhanced penalties and enforcement
provisions went into effect immediately upon enactment of ARRA. ARRA also required that HHS promulgate regulations requiring that certain notifications be made to individuals, to HHS and potentially to the media in the event of breaches of the
privacy of protected health information. These breach notification regulations went into effect on September 23, 2009, and HHS began to enforce violations on February 22, 2010. Violations of the breach notification provisions of HIPAA can
trigger the increased civil monetary penalties described above. ARRA’s numerous other changes to HIPAA have delayed
effective dates and require the issuance of implementing regulations by HHS. On July 14, 2010, the HHS Office for Civil Rights (“OCR”) published proposed regulations designed to implement a number of changes called for by ARRA, but
the proposed regulations have not yet been finalized. The changes to HIPAA enacted as part of ARRA reflect a Congressional intent that HIPAA’s privacy and security provisions be more strictly enforced. It is likely that these changes will
stimulate increased enforcement activity and enhance the potential that health care providers will be subject to financial penalties for violations of HIPAA. In addition to the Federal HIPAA regulations, most states also have laws that protect the confidentiality of health information. Also, in response to concerns about identity theft, many states have
adopted so-called “security breach” notification laws that may impose requirements regarding the safeguarding of personal information, such as social security numbers and bank and credit card account numbers, and that impose an obligation
to notify persons when their personal information has or may have been accessed by an unauthorized person. Some state security breach notification laws may also impose physical and electronic security requirements. Violation of state security breach
notification laws can trigger significant monetary penalties. The False Claims Act The Federal False Claims Act gives the Federal government an additional way to police false bills or requests for payment for health care
services. Under the False Claims Act, the government may fine any person who knowingly submits, or participates in submitting, claims for payment to the Federal government which are false or fraudulent, or which contain false or misleading
information. Any person who knowingly makes or uses a false record or statement to avoid paying the Federal government, or knowingly conceals or avoids an obligation to pay money to the Federal government, may also be subject to fines under the
False Claims Act. Under the False Claims Act, the term “person” means an individual, company, or corporation. The Federal government has widely used the False Claims Act to prosecute Medicare and other governmental program fraud in areas
such as violations of the Federal anti-kickback statute or the Stark Laws, coding errors, billing for services not provided, and submitting false cost reports. The False Claims Act has also been used to prosecute people or entities that bill
services at a higher reimbursement rate than is allowed and that bill for care that is not medically necessary. In addition to government enforcement, the False Claims Act authorizes private citizens to bring qui tam or “whistleblower”
lawsuits, greatly extending the practical reach of the False Claims Act. The penalty for violation of the False Claims Act is a minimum of $5,500 for each fraudulent claim plus three times the amount of damages caused to the government as a result
of each fraudulent claim. The Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009 (“FERA”) amended the False Claims Act with
the intent of enhancing the powers of government enforcement authorities and whistleblowers to bring False Claims Act 10 Table of Contents cases. In particular, FERA attempts to clarify that liability may be established not only for false claims submitted directly to the government, but also for claims submitted to government
contractors and grantees. FERA also seeks to clarify that liability exists for attempts to avoid repayment of overpayments, including improper retention of Federal funds. FERA also included amendments to False Claims Act procedures, expanding the
government’s ability to use the Civil Investigative Demand process to investigate defendants, and permitting government complaints in intervention to relate back to the filing of the whistleblower’s original complaint. FERA is likely to
increase both the volume and liability exposure of False Claims Act cases brought against health care providers. In addition
to the False Claims Act, the Federal government may use several criminal statutes to prosecute the submission of false or fraudulent claims for payment to the Federal government. Many states have similar false claims statutes that impose liability
for the types of acts prohibited by the False Claims Act. As part of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (the “DRA”), Congress provided states an incentive to adopt state false claims acts consistent with the Federal False Claims Act.
Additionally, the DRA required providers who receive $5 million or more annually from Medicaid to include information on Federal and state false claims acts, whistleblower protections and the providers’ own policies on detecting and preventing
fraud in their written employee policies. Civil Monetary Penalties The United States Department of Health and Human Services may impose civil monetary penalties upon any person or entity who presents, or
causes to be presented, certain ineligible claims for medical items or services. The amount of penalties varies, depending on the offense, from $2,000 to $50,000 per violation. In addition, persons who have been excluded from the Medicare or
Medicaid program and still retain ownership in a participating entity, or who contract with excluded persons, may be penalized. Penalties also are applicable in certain other cases, including violations of the Federal anti-kickback statute, payments
to limit certain patient services and improper execution of statements of medical necessity. FDA Regulation The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) regulates medical device user facilities, which include home
health care providers. FDA regulations require user facilities to report patient deaths and serious injuries to FDA and/or the manufacturer of a device used by the facility if the device may have caused or contributed to the death or serious injury
of any patient. FDA regulations also require user facilities to maintain files related to adverse events and to establish and implement appropriate procedures to ensure compliance with the above reporting and recordkeeping requirements. User
facilities are subject to FDA inspection, and noncompliance with applicable requirements may result in warning letters or sanctions including civil monetary penalties, injunction, product seizure, criminal fines and/or imprisonment. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act In March 2010, comprehensive health care reform legislation was signed into law in the United States through the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, “PPACA”). Even as of December 31, 2014, it is difficult to predict the full impact of PPACA due to the law’s complexity and phased in effective dates, as well our inability to foresee
how CMS and other participants in the health care industry will respond to the choices available to them under the law. PPACA calls for a number of changes to be made over time that will likely have a significant impact upon the health care delivery
system. For example, PPACA mandates decreases in home health reimbursement rates, including a four-year phased rebasing of the home health payment system that began in 2014 and will continue through 2017. These reimbursement changes are described in
detail in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Overview—Economic and Industry Factors.” PPACA has established a number of new requirements impacting our
business operations, and promises to give rise to other changes that could significantly impact our businesses in the future. For example, PPACA also mandates the 11 Table of Contents creation of a home health value-based purchasing program, the development of quality measures, and the testing of alternative payment and delivery models, including ACOs and the Bundled Payments
for Care Improvement initiative. See Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors: Risks Related to Laws and Government Regulations” for a more complete discussion of PPACA and the risks it presents to our businesses. Our Competitors There
are few barriers to entry in the home health and hospice jurisdictions that do not require certificates of need or permits of approval. Our primary competition in these jurisdictions comes from local privately and publicly-owned and
hospital-owned health care providers. We compete based on the availability of personnel, the quality of services, expertise of visiting staff, and, in certain instances, on the price of our services. In addition, we compete with a number
of non-profit organizations that finance acquisitions and capital expenditures on a tax-exempt basis or receive charitable contributions that are unavailable to us. Available Information Our company website address is www.amedisys.com . We use our website as a channel of distribution for important company information. Important information, including press releases, analyst presentations and financial information regarding our company, is routinely posted
on and accessible on the Investor Relations subpage of our website, which is accessible by clicking on the tab labeled “Investors” on our website home page. We also use our website to expedite public access to time-critical information
regarding our company in advance of or in lieu of distributing a press release or a filing with the SEC disclosing the same information. Therefore, investors should look to the “Investors” subpage of our website for important and
time-critical information. Visitors to our website can also register to receive automatic e-mail and other notifications alerting them when new information is made available on the “Investors” subpage of our website. In addition, we make
available on the Investors subpage of our website (under the link “SEC Filings”), free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, ownership reports on Forms 3, 4 and 5 and any
amendments to those reports as soon as practicable after we electronically file such reports with the SEC. Further, copies of our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws, our Code of Ethical Business Conduct, our Corporate Governance Guidelines and
the charters for the Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance and Quality of Care Committees of our Board are also available on the Investors subpage of our website (under the link “Corporate Governance”). Additionally, the public may read and copy any of the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at (800) SEC-0330. Our electronically filed reports can also be obtained on the SEC’s internet site
at http://www.sec.gov . 12 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The
risks described below, and risks described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows and the actual outcome of matters as to which
forward-looking statements are made in this Form 10-K. The risk factors described below and elsewhere in this Form 10-K are not the only risks faced by Amedisys. Our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows may also be materially adversely affected by factors that are not currently known to us, by factors that we currently consider immaterial or by factors that are not specific to us, such as general economic conditions. If any of the following risks are actually realized, our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. You
should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements under “Special Caution Concerning Forward-Looking Statements.” All forward-looking statements made by us are qualified by the risk factors
described below. Risks Related to Reimbursement Because a high percentage of our revenue is derived from Medicare, reductions in Medicare rates, rate increases that do not cover cost increases and/or significant changes to the Medicare payment
methodology or eligibility requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our net service revenue is primarily derived from Medicare, which accounted for 82%, 84% and 82% of our revenue during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Payments received from Medicare are subject to
changes made through Federal legislation. These changes, as further detailed in Part I, Item 1, “Business: Payment for Our Services,” can include changes to base episode payments and adjustments for home health services, changes to
cap limits and per diem rates for hospice services and changes to Medicare eligibility and documentation requirements or changes designed to restrict utilization. When such changes are implemented, we must also modify our internal billing processes
and procedures accordingly, which can require significant time and expense. Any similar changes, including retroactive adjustments, adopted in the future by CMS could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. There are continuing efforts to reform governmental health care programs
that could result in major changes in the health care delivery and reimbursement system on a national and state level, including changes directly impacting the reimbursement systems for our home health and hospice care centers. Though we cannot
predict what, if any, reform proposals will be adopted, health care reform and legislation may have a material adverse effect on our business and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows through decreasing payments made for our
services. We could be affected adversely by the continuing efforts of governmental and private third party payors to contain health care costs. We cannot assure you that reimbursement payments under governmental and private third party payor
programs, including Medicare supplemental insurance policies, will remain at levels comparable to present levels or will be sufficient to cover the costs allocable to patients eligible for reimbursement pursuant to these programs. These changes
could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our hospice operations are subject to two annual Medicare caps. If such caps were to be exceeded by any of our hospice providers, our business and consolidated financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. With respect to our hospice operations, overall
payments made by Medicare to each provider number (generally corresponding to a hospice care center) are subject to an inpatient cap amount and an overall payment cap, which 13 Table of Contents are calculated and published by the Medicare fiscal intermediary on an annual basis covering the period from November 1 through October 31. If payments received by any one of our
hospice provider numbers exceeds either of these caps, we may be required to reimburse Medicare for payments received in excess of the caps, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. Any economic downturn, deepening of an economic downturn, continued deficit spending by the
Federal government or state budget pressures may result in a reduction in payments and covered services. Adverse
developments in the United States could lead to a reduction in Federal government expenditures, including governmentally funded programs in which we participate, such as Medicare and Medicaid. In addition, if at any time the Federal government is
not able to meet its debt payments unless the Federal debt ceiling is raised, and legislation increasing the debt ceiling is not enacted, the Federal government may stop or delay making payments on its obligations, including funding for government
programs in which we participate, such as Medicare and Medicaid. Failure of the government to make payments under these programs could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. Further, any failure by the United States Congress to complete the Federal budget process and fund government operations may result in a Federal government shutdown, potentially causing us to incur substantial costs without reimbursement
under the Medicare program, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As an example, the failure of the 2011 Joint Select Committee to meet its Deficit
Reduction goal resulted in an automatic reduction in Medicare home and hospice payments of 2% beginning April 1, 2013. Historically, state budget pressures have resulted in reductions in state spending. Given that Medicaid outlays are a significant
component of state budgets, we can expect continuing cost containment pressures on Medicaid outlays for our services. In addition, continued unfavorable economic conditions may affect the number of patients enrolled in managed care programs and the
profitability of managed care companies, which could result in reduced payment rates and could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Future cost containment initiatives undertaken by private third party payors may limit our future revenue and profitability. Our non-Medicare revenue and profitability are affected by continuing efforts of third party payors to maintain or
reduce costs of health care by lowering payment rates, narrowing the scope of covered services, increasing case management review of services and negotiating pricing. There can be no assurance that third party payors will make timely payments for
our services, and there is no assurance that we will continue to maintain our current payor or revenue mix. We are continuing our efforts to develop our non-Medicare sources of revenue and any changes in payment levels from current or future third
party payors could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Laws and Government Regulations We are operating under a Corporate Integrity Agreement. Violations of this agreement could result in substantial penalties or exclusion from participation in the Medicare program. On April 23, 2014, with no admissions of liability on our part, we entered into a settlement agreement with the
U.S. Department of Justice relating to certain of our clinical and business operations. Concurrently with our entry into this agreement, we entered into a Corporate Integrity Agreement (“CIA”) with the Office of Inspector General-HHS. The
CIA, which has a term of five years, formalizes various aspects of our already existing ethics and compliance programs and contains other requirements designed to help ensure our ongoing compliance with federal health care program requirements.
Among other things, the CIA requires us to maintain our existing 14 Table of Contents compliance program, compliance committee and compliance committee of the Board of Directors; provide certain compliance training; continue screening new and current employees against certain
lists to ensure they are not ineligible to participate in federal health care programs; engage an independent review organization (“IRO”) to perform certain auditing and reviews and prepare certain reports regarding our compliance with
federal health care programs, our billing submissions to federal health care programs and our compliance and risk mitigation programs; and provide certain reports and management certifications to the Office of Inspector General-HHS. Among other
things, the CIA requires that we report substantial overpayments that we discover we have received from the federal health care programs, as well as probable violations of federal health care laws. Upon breach of the CIA, we could become liable for
payment of certain stipulated penalties, or could be excluded from participation in federal health care programs. Although we believe that we are currently in compliance with the CIA, any violations of the agreement could have a material adverse
effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Pending civil
litigation could have a material adverse effect on the Company. We and certain of our current and former directors,
senior executives and other employees are defendants in a Federal securities class action. We are also a defendant in several wage and hour law putative collective and class action lawsuits. See Part II, Item 8, Note 9 – Commitments and
Contingencies for a more detailed description of these proceedings. These actions remain in preliminary stages and it is not yet possible to assess their probable outcome or our potential liability, if any. We cannot provide any assurances that the
legal and other costs associated with the defense of these actions, the amount of time required to be spent by management on these matters and the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our business and
consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our insurance may not cover all of the costs
associated with defending the pending Federal securities class action, and any potential liability costs associated with this matter, and we maintain no insurance that covers any portion of the pending wage and hour putative collective and class
action lawsuits. With respect to the pending securities class action, we maintain directors’ and officers’
liability insurance that we believe should cover a portion of the legal costs and potential liability costs associated with this matter. However, such insurance coverage does not extend to all of these expenditures, and the insurance limits may be
insufficient even with respect to expenditures that would otherwise be covered. In addition, we may be obligated to indemnify (and advance legal expenses to) both current and former officers, employees and directors in connection with this matter.
Furthermore, our insurance carriers may seek to deny coverage in this matter, in which case we may have to fund the indemnification amounts owed to such directors and officers ourselves. If our insurance coverage for this matter is denied or is not
adequate, it may have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We do not maintain any insurance that will cover any part of the wage and hour putative collective and class
action lawsuits in which we are defendants. We are subject to extensive government regulation. Any changes to the laws
and regulations governing our business, or to the interpretation and enforcement of those laws or regulations, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our industry is subject to extensive Federal and state laws and regulations. See Part I, Item 1, “Our
Regulatory Environment” for additional information on such laws and regulations. Federal and state laws and regulations impact how we conduct our business, the services we offer and our interactions with patients, our employees and the public
and impose certain requirements on us such as: • licensure and certification; • adequacy and quality of health care services; • qualifications of health care and support personnel; 15 Table of Contents • quality and safety of medical equipment; • confidentiality, maintenance and security issues associated with medical records and claims processing; • relationships with physicians and other referral sources; • operating policies and procedures; • policies and procedures regarding employee relations; • addition of facilities and services; • billing for services; • requirements for utilization of services; • documentation required for billing and patient care; and • reporting and maintaining records regarding adverse events. These laws and regulations, and their interpretations, are subject to change. Changes in existing laws and regulations, or their
interpretations, or the enactment of new laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by: • increasing our administrative and other costs; • increasing or decreasing mandated services; • causing us to abandon business opportunities we might have otherwise pursued; • decreasing utilization of services; • forcing us to restructure our relationships with referral sources and providers; or • requiring us to implement additional or different programs and systems. Additionally, we are subject to various routine and non-routine reviews, audits and investigations by the Medicare and Medicaid programs
and other Federal and state governmental agencies, which have various rights and remedies against us if they assert that we have overcharged the programs or failed to comply with program requirements. Violation of the laws governing our operations,
or changes in interpretations of those laws, could result in the imposition of fines, civil or criminal penalties, and the termination of our rights to participate in Federal and state-sponsored programs and/or the suspension or revocation of our
licenses. If we become subject to material fines, or if other sanctions or other corrective actions are imposed on us, our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Our developing (i) palliative care, (ii) medical house calls and (iii) outpatient therapy services
business lines are subject to rules, prohibitions, regulations and reimbursement requirements that differ from those that govern our primary home health and hospice operations. Three lines of business that we continue to develop are (i) palliative care, a type of care focused upon relieving pain and suffering
in patients who do not quality for, or who have not yet elected, the hospice benefit, (ii) medical house calls and (iii) outpatient therapy services. The continued development of these businesses exposes us to additional risks, in part
because these business lines require us to comply with additional Federal and state laws and regulations that differ from those that govern our home health and hospice businesses. These lines of business require compliance with different Federal and
state requirements governing licensure, enrollment, documentation, prescribing, coding, billing and collection of coinsurance and deductibles, among other requirements. For example, these practices are billed to Medicare Part B, rather than Medicare
Part A, which covers home health and hospice, and utilize nurse practitioners (“NPs”), physician assistants (“PAs”), physicians, physical therapists (“PTs”), occupational therapists (“OTs”) and qualified
speech-language therapists 16 Table of Contents (collectively, with NPs, PAs, physicians, PTs and OTs, “Clinical Professionals”). Part B differs in many respects from Part A, including by requiring the payment and collection of
patient deductibles and co-insurance. Additionally, some states have prohibitions on the corporate practice of medicine and fee-splitting, which generally prohibit business entities from owning or controlling medical practices or may limit the
ability of Clinical Professionals to share professional service income with non-professional or business interests. These requirements may vary significantly from state to state. Reimbursement for palliative care, medical house calls and outpatient
therapy services is generally conditioned on our Clinical Professionals providing the correct procedure and diagnosis codes and properly documenting both the service itself and the medical necessity for the service. Incorrect or incomplete
documentation and billing information, or the incorrect selection of codes for the level and type of service provided, could result in non-payment for services rendered or lead to allegations of billing fraud. Further, compliance with applicable
regulations may cause us to incur expenses that we have not anticipated, and if we are unable to comply with these additional legal requirements, we may incur liability, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We face periodic and routine reviews, audits and
investigations under our contracts with Federal and state government agencies and private payors, and these audits could have adverse findings that may negatively impact our business . As a result of our participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, we are subject to various governmental reviews, audits and
investigations to verify our compliance with these programs and applicable laws and regulations. We also are subject to audits under various government programs, including the RAC, ZPIC, PSC and MIC programs, in which third party firms engaged by
CMS conduct extensive reviews of claims data and medical and other records to identify potential improper payments under the Medicare program. Private pay sources also reserve the right to conduct audits. If billing errors are identified in the
sample of reviewed claims, the billing error can be extrapolated to all claims filed which could result in a larger overpayment than originally identified in the sample of reviewed claims. Our costs to respond to and defend reviews, audits and
investigations may be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, an adverse review, audit or investigation could result in: • required refunding or retroactive adjustment of amounts we have been paid pursuant to the Federal or state programs or from private payors; • state or Federal agencies imposing fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; • loss of our right to participate in the Medicare program, state programs, or one or more private payor networks; or • damage to our business and reputation in various markets. These results could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. If a care center fails to comply with the conditions of participation in the Medicare program, that care center
could be subjected to sanctions or terminated from the Medicare program. Each of our care centers must comply with
required conditions of participation in the Medicare program. If we fail to meet the conditions of participation at a care center, we may receive a notice of deficiency from the applicable state surveyor. If that care center then fails to institute
an acceptable plan of correction to remediate the deficiency within the correction period provided by the state surveyor, that care center could be terminated from the Medicare program or subjected to alternative sanctions. CMS outlined its
alternative sanction enforcement options for home health care centers through a regulation published in 2012; under the regulation, CMS may impose temporary management, direct a plan of correction, direct training or impose payment suspensions and
civil monetary penalties, in each case, upon providers who fail to comply with the conditions of 17 Table of Contents participation. Termination of one or more of our care centers from the Medicare program for failure to satisfy the program’s conditions of participation, or the imposition of alternative
sanctions, could disrupt operations, require significant attention by management, or have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. CMS issued a proposed rule
on October 7, 2014, revising the Medicare conditions of participation for home health care centers across the industry, with an unknown effective date. We provided public comments on the proposed changes, but do not know at this time what
effect the finalized revisions will have on our operations, and there can be no assurances that the revisions will not have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to Federal and state laws that govern our financial relationships with physicians and other health care
providers, including potential or current referral sources. We are required to comply with Federal and state laws,
generally referred to as “anti-kickback laws,” that prohibit certain direct and indirect payments or other financial arrangements between health care providers that are designed to encourage the referral of patients to a particular
provider for medical services. In addition to these anti-kickback laws, the Federal government has enacted specific legislation, commonly known as the “Stark Law,” that prohibits certain financial relationships, specifically including
ownership interests and compensation arrangements, between physicians (and the immediate family members of physicians) and providers of designated health services, such as home health care centers, to whom the physicians refer patients. Some of
these same financial relationships are also subject to additional regulation by states. Although we believe we have structured our relationships with physicians and other potential referral sources to comply with these laws where applicable, we
cannot assure you that courts or regulatory agencies will not interpret state and Federal anti-kickback laws and/or the Stark Law and similar state laws regulating relationships between health care providers and physicians in ways that will
adversely implicate our practices or that isolated instances of noncompliance will not occur. Violations of Federal or state Stark or “anti-kickback” laws could lead to criminal or civil fines or other sanctions, including denials of
government program reimbursement or even exclusion from participation in governmental health care programs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may face significant uncertainty in the industry due to government health care reform. The health care industry in the United States is subject to fundamental changes due to ongoing health care reform efforts and related
political, economic and regulatory influences. In March 2010, comprehensive health care reform legislation was signed into law in the United States through the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Health Care Act and the Health Care
and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, “PPACA”). However, it is difficult to predict the full impact of PPACA due to the law’s complexity and phased-in effective dates, as well as our inability to foresee how CMS and other
participants in the health care industry will respond to the choices available to them under the law. PPACA makes a number of
changes to Medicare payment rates and also calls for a rebasing of the home health payment system that began in 2014 and will continue through 2017. These reimbursement changes are described in detail in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Overview – Economic and Industry Factors.” For example, as a result of the PPACA, CMS added two regulations that became effective April 1, 2011: (1) a face-to-face
encounter requirement for home health and hospice services and (2) changes to the home health therapy assessment schedule, which requires additional patient evaluations and certifications. These and other regulations implementing the provisions
of the PPACA may similarly increase our costs, decrease our revenues, expose us to expanded liability or require us to revise the ways in which we conduct our business. 18 Table of Contents PPACA also calls for a number of other changes to be made over time that will likely have a
significant impact upon the health care delivery system. For example, PPACA mandates creation of a home health value-based purchasing program, the development of quality measures, and decreases in home health reimbursement rates, including rebasing,
as further described in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations: Overview – Economic and Industry Factors.” In addition, PPACA requires the Secretary of Health
and Human Services to test different models for delivery of care, some of which will involve home health services. It also requires the Secretary to establish a national pilot program for integrated care for patients with certain conditions,
bundling payment for acute hospital care, physician services, outpatient hospital services (including emergency department services) and post-acute care services, which would include home health. PPACA created the Center for Medicare and Medicaid
Innovation (“CMMI”), which has launched the Bundled Payments for Care Improvement initiative designed to encourage doctors, hospitals and other health care providers, including home health providers, to work together to better coordinate
care for patients both when they are in the hospital and after they are discharged. In October 2011 CMS published final Medicare Shared Savings Program regulations, which use accountable care organizations (“ACOs”) to facilitate
coordination and cooperation among providers to improve the quality of care for Medicare fee-for-service beneficiaries and reduce unnecessary costs. PPACA further directs the Secretary to conduct a study to evaluate cost and quality of care among
efficient home health care centers and specifically focusing on access to care and treating Medicare beneficiaries with varying severity levels of illness, and provide a report to Congress, no later than March 1, 2014, which report was issued
in 2014 after the March 1 deadline. At this time, it is not possible to predict with any certainty how these initiatives will be implemented and what impact they may have on our business. In addition, various health care reform proposals similar to the Federal reforms described above have also emerged at the state level,
including in several states which we operate. Moreover, in January 2011, the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission voted to recommend to Congress that it make additional changes to the home health payment system, noting that such recommendations may
include further payment reductions and/or a beneficiary copayment obligation. We cannot predict with certainty what health care initiatives, if any, will be implemented at the state level, or what the ultimate effect of Federal health care reform or
any future legislation or regulation may have on us or on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Finally, in addition to impacting our Medicare businesses, PPACA may also significantly affect our non-Medicare businesses. PPACA makes many changes to the underwriting and marketing practices of private
payors. The resulting economic pressures could prompt these payors to seek to lower their rates of reimbursement for the services we provide. At this time, it is not possible to estimate what impact PPACA may have on our non-Medicare businesses. Risks Related to our Growth Strategies Our growth strategies may not be successful. Focusing on our
managed care contract portfolio and a renewed focus on potential acquisitions are among our growth strategies. These growth strategies require attention from our management team, and if events occur in the course of pursuing these and other growth
strategies that distract our management team’s attention and resources, our business performance could be negatively impacted. Focusing on our managed care portfolio involves seeking new favorable contracts from managed care providers, as well as maintaining in place current contracts. In order for this growth strategy to be
successful, our management team must convince managed care providers that our services are attractive, as well as negotiate and maintain contractual relationships with such providers on favorable terms to us. Further, in order for a renewed focus on
potential acquisitions to be a successful growth strategy, suitable acquisitions must be identified, negotiated, completed and successfully integrated into our current operations. If our growth strategies are not successful, it could have a material
adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 19 Table of Contents State efforts to regulate the establishment or expansion of health care providers
could impair our ability to expand our operations. Some states require health care providers (including skilled
nursing facilities, hospice care centers, home health care centers and assisted living facilities) to obtain prior approval, known as a CON or POA, in order to commence operations. See Part I, Item 1, “Our Regulatory Environment” for
additional information on CONs and POAs. If we are not able to obtain such approvals, our ability to expand our operations could be impaired, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. Federal regulation may impair our ability to consummate acquisitions or open new care
centers. Changes in Federal laws or regulations may materially adversely impact our ability to acquire care centers or
open new start-up care centers. For example, PPACA authorized CMS to impose temporary moratoria on the enrollment of new Medicare providers, if deemed necessary to combat fraud, waste or abuse under government programs. The moratoria on new
enrollments may be applied to categories of providers or to specific geographic regions. For example, in 2014, CMS adopted a temporary moratorium on new provider locations in certain regions of Texas, Michigan, Florida and Illinois. If a moratorium
is imposed on the enrollment of new home health or hospice providers in a geographic area we desire to service, it could have a material impact on our ability to open new care centers. Additionally, in 2010, CMS implemented and amended a regulation
known as the “36 Month Rule” that is applicable to home health care center acquisitions. Subject to certain exceptions, the 36 Month Rule prohibits buyers of certain home health care centers – those that either enrolled in
Medicare or underwent a change in majority ownership fewer than 36 months prior to the acquisition – from assuming the Medicare billing privileges of the acquired care center. These changes in Federal laws and regulations, and similar future
changes, may further increase competition for acquisition targets and could have a material detrimental impact on our acquisition strategy. Risks Related to our Operations Because we are limited in our ability to control rates received for our services, our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially
adversely affected if we are not able to maintain or reduce our costs to provide such services. As Medicare is our
primary payor and rates are established through Federal legislation, we have to manage our costs of providing care to achieve a desired level of profitability. Additionally, non-Medicare rates are difficult for us to negotiate as such payors are
under pressure to reduce their own costs. As a result, we manage our costs in order to achieve a desired level of profitability including, but not limited to, centralization of various processes, the use of technology and management of the number of
employees utilized. If we are not able to continue to streamline our processes and reduce our costs, our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Our industry is highly competitive, with few barriers to entry. There are few barriers to entry in home health markets that do not require a CON or POA. Our primary competition comes from local
privately-owned and hospital-owned health care providers. We compete based on the availability of personnel; the quality of services, expertise of visiting staff; and in certain instances, on the price of our services. Increased competition in the
future may limit our ability to maintain or increase our market share. Further, the introduction of new and enhanced service
offerings by others, in combination with industry consolidation and the development of strategic relationships by our competitors, could cause a decline in revenue or loss of market acceptance of our services or make our services less attractive.
Additionally, we compete with a 20 Table of Contents number of non-profit organizations that can finance acquisitions and capital expenditures on a tax-exempt basis or receive charitable contributions that are unavailable to us. Managed care organizations and other third party payors continue to consolidate, which enhances their ability to influence the delivery
of health care services. Consequently, the health care needs of patients in the United States are increasingly served by a smaller number of managed care organizations. These organizations generally enter into service agreements with a limited
number of providers. Our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if these organizations terminate us as a provider and/or engage our competitors as a preferred or
exclusive provider. In addition, should private payors, including managed care payors, seek to negotiate additional discounted fee structures or the assumption by health care providers of all or a portion of the financial risk through prepaid
capitation arrangements, our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. If we are unable to react competitively to new developments, our operating results may suffer. Further, if states remove existing CONs or POAs, we would face increased competition in these states. For
example, in 2013, the Governor of South Carolina vetoed funding for that state’s CON program, effectively shutting down the program. Following a judicial challenge, the South Carolina Supreme Court ruled in April 2014 that the South Carolina
Department of Health and Environmental Control was statutorily obligated to administer the CON program, regardless of the Governor’s veto. Following this ruling, legislation has been introduced in the South Carolina House of Representatives for
the purpose of limiting the application of that state’s CON program. We do not know at this time what the outcome of this matter will be in South Carolina, and whether this will have any impact upon our operations. Similarly, there can be no
assurances that other states will not seek to eliminate or limit their existing CON or POA programs in a similar manner, leading to increased competition in these states, Further, we cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully
against current or future competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to maintain relationships with existing patient referral sources, our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially
adversely affected. Our success depends on referrals from physicians, hospitals and other sources in the communities
we serve and on our ability to maintain good relationships with existing referral sources. Our referral sources are not contractually obligated to refer patients to us and may refer their patients to other providers. Our growth and profitability
depends, in part, on our ability to establish and maintain close working relationships with these patient referral sources and to increase awareness and acceptance of the benefits of home health and hospice care by our referral sources and their
patients. Our loss of, or failure to maintain, existing relationships or our failure to develop new referral relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. If we are unable to provide consistently high quality of care, our business will be adversely impacted. Providing quality patient care is the cornerstone of our business. Hospitals, physicians and other referral sources
refer patients to us in large part because of the quality of care we provide. Clinical quality is becoming increasingly important within our industry. Effective October 2012, Medicare began to impose a financial penalty upon hospitals that have
excessive rates of patient readmissions within 30 days from hospital discharge. We believe this new regulation provides a competitive advantage to home health providers who can differentiate themselves based upon quality, particularly by achieving
low patient acute care hospitalization readmission rates and by implementing disease management programs designed to be responsive to the needs of patients served by referring hospitals. We are focused intently upon improving our patient outcomes,
particularly our patient acute care hospitalization readmission rates. If we should fail to attain our goals regarding acute care hospitalization readmission rates and other quality metrics, we expect our ability to generate referrals would be
adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 21 Table of Contents Our business depends on our information systems. Our inability to effectively
integrate, manage and keep our information systems secure and operational could disrupt our operations. Our business
depends on effective, secure and operational information systems which include software that is developed in-house and systems provided by external contractors and other service providers. We have developed and use a proprietary Windows™-based
clinical software system with our POC system to collect assessment data, schedule and log patient visits, communicate with patients’ physicians regarding their plan of care and monitor treatments and outcomes in accordance with established
medical standards. Our clinical software system integrates several of the key processes critical to our business: billing and collections functionality; accounting; human resources; payroll; and employee benefits programs provided by third parties.
We are currently preparing to implement a major multi-year rollout of a new proprietary clinical software system. Problems with, or the failure of, our technology and systems or any system upgrades or programming changes associated with such
technology and systems, including any problems we may experience with the implementation of the new proprietary clinical software system, could have a material adverse effect on data capture, medical documentation, billing, collections, assessment
of internal controls and management and reporting capabilities. Any such problems or failures and the costs incurred in correcting any such problems or failures, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, to the extent our external information technology contractors or other service providers become insolvent or fail to support the software or systems we have licensed from them, our operations
could be materially adversely affected. Our care centers also depend upon our information systems for accounting, billing,
collections, risk management, quality assurance, human resources, payroll and other information. If we experience a reduction in the performance, reliability, or availability of our information systems, our operations and ability to produce timely
and accurate reports could be materially adversely affected. Our information systems and applications require continual
maintenance, upgrading and enhancement to meet our operational needs. Our acquisition activity requires transitions and integration of various information systems. We regularly upgrade and expand our information systems’ capabilities. If we
experience difficulties with the transition and integration of information systems or are unable to implement, maintain, or expand our systems properly, we could suffer from, among other things, operational disruptions, regulatory problems and
increases in administrative expenses. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against
the threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by breaches, including unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information stored in our information systems, and the introduction of computer viruses to our
systems. Our security measures may be inadequate to prevent security breaches and our business operations could be materially adversely affected by Federal and state fines and penalties, cancellation of contracts and loss of patients if security
breaches are not prevented. We have installed privacy protection systems and devices on our network and POC laptops in an
attempt to prevent unauthorized access to information in our database. However, our technology may fail to adequately secure the confidential health information and personally identifiable information we maintain in our databases. In such
circumstances, we may be held liable to our patients and regulators, which could result in fines, litigation or adverse publicity that could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. Even if we are not held liable, any resulting negative publicity could harm our business and distract the attention of management. Further, our information systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins and similar events. A failure to restore our information
systems after the occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Because of the confidential health information we store and 22 Table of Contents transmit, loss of electronically stored information for any reason could expose us to a risk of regulatory action and litigation and possible liability and loss. We believe we have all the necessary licenses from third parties to use technology and software that we do not own. A third party could,
however, allege that we are infringing its rights and we may not be able to obtain licenses on commercially reasonable terms from the third party, if at all, or the third party may commence litigation against us. In addition, we may find it
necessary to initiate litigation to protect our trade secrets, to enforce our intellectual property rights and to determine the scope and validity of any proprietary rights of others. Any such litigation, or the failure to obtain any necessary
licenses or other rights, could materially and adversely affect our business. Our inability to effectively and timely
transition to the new ICD-10 coding system could disrupt our operations and adversely impact our revenue. CMS has
mandated that all providers implement the use of new patient codes for medical coding, referred to as ICD-10 codes, on or before October 1, 2015. This mandate substantially increases the number of medical billing codes by which providers will
seek reimbursement, increasing the complexity of submitting claims for reimbursement. Claims submitted after October 1, 2015 must use ICD-10 codes or they will not be paid. Transition to the new ICD-10 system requires changes to our clinical
software system as well as the training of staff involved in the coding and billing processes. In addition to these upfront costs of transition to ICD-10, it is possible that we could experience disruption or delays in payment due to implementation
issues, including software errors, coding errors or a decrease in the productivity of our staff involved in the coding and billing processes. Any such delays in payment could disrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our business.
In addition, the implementation of ICD-10 could result in a material and adverse impact upon our revenue and operating results. Possible changes in the case mix of patients, as well as payor mix and payment methodologies, could have a material adverse effect
on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our revenue is determined
by a number of factors, including our mix of patients and the rates of payment among payors. Changes in the case mix of our patients, payment methodologies or the payor mix among Medicare, Medicaid and private payors could have a material adverse
effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our failure to
negotiate favorable managed care contracts, or our loss of existing favorable managed care contracts, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. One of our strategies is to diversify our payor sources by increasing the business we do with managed care companies,
and we strive to put in place favorable contracts with managed care payors. However, we may not be successful in these efforts. Additionally, there is a risk that the favorable managed care contracts that we put in place may be terminated, and
managed care contracts typically permit the payor to terminate the contract without cause, on very short notice, typically 60 days, which can provide payors leverage to reduce volume or obtain favorable pricing. Our failure to negotiate and put in
place favorable managed care contracts, or our failure to maintain in place favorable managed care contracts, could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A write off of a significant amount of intangible assets or long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on
our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. A significant and sustained decline in our stock price
and market capitalization or a significant decline in our expected future cash flows or a significant adverse change in the business climate or slower growth rates could 23 Table of Contents result in the need to perform an impairment analysis under Accounting Standard Codification (“ASC”) Topic 350 “Intangibles – Goodwill and Other” in future periods in
addition to our annual impairment test. If we were to conclude that a future write down of goodwill is necessary, then we would record the appropriate charge, which could result in material charges that are adverse to our consolidated financial
condition and results of operations. See Part II, Item 8, Note 4 – Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, Net to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. Because we have grown in part through acquisitions, goodwill and other acquired intangible assets represent a substantial portion of our
assets. Goodwill was approximately $205.6 million as of December 31, 2014 and if we make additional acquisitions, it is likely that we will record additional intangible assets in our consolidated financial statements. We also have
long-lived assets consisting of property and equipment and other identifiable intangible assets of $170.6 million as of December 31, 2014, which we review both on a periodic basis for indefinite lived intangible assets as well as when events or
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. If a determination that a significant impairment in value of our unamortized intangible assets or long-lived assets occurs, such determination could require us to
write off a substantial portion of our assets. A write off of these assets could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. A shortage of qualified registered nursing staff and other clinicians, such as therapists and nurse practitioners, could materially
impact our ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel and could increase operating costs. We compete for
qualified personnel with other healthcare providers. Our ability to attract and retain clinicians depends on several factors, including our ability to provide these personnel with attractive assignments and competitive salaries and benefits. We
cannot be assured we will succeed in any of these areas. In addition, there are shortages of qualified health care personnel in some of our markets. As a result, we may face higher costs of attracting clinicians and providing them with attractive
benefit packages than we originally anticipated which could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if we expand our operations into geographic areas
where health care providers historically have been unionized, or if any of our care center employees become unionized, being subject to a collective bargaining agreement may have a negative impact on our ability to timely and successfully recruit
qualified personnel and may increase our operating costs. Generally, if we are unable to attract and retain clinicians, the quality of our services may decline and we could lose patients and referral sources, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our insurance
liability coverage may not be sufficient for our business needs. As a result of operating in the home health industry,
our business entails an inherent risk of claims, losses and potential lawsuits alleging incidents involving our employees that are likely to occur in a patient’s home. We maintain professional liability insurance to provide coverage to us and
our subsidiaries against these risks. However, we cannot assure you claims will not be made in the future in excess of the limits of our insurance, nor can we assure you that any such claims, if successful and in excess of such limits, will not have
a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our insurance coverage also includes fire, property damage and general liability with varying limits. We cannot assure you that the
insurance we maintain will satisfy claims made against us or that insurance coverage will continue to be available to us at commercially reasonable rates, in adequate amounts or on satisfactory terms. Any claims made against us, regardless of their
merit or eventual outcome, could damage our reputation and business. We may be subject to substantial malpractice or
other similar claims. The services we offer involve an inherent risk of professional liability and related substantial
damage awards. As of February 27, 2015, we had approximately 13,200 employees ( 10,100 home health, 2,200 hospice and 900 corporate 24 Table of Contents employees). In addition, we employ direct care workers on a contractual basis to support our existing workforce. Due to the nature of our business, we, through our employees and caregivers who
provide services on our behalf, may be the subject of medical malpractice claims. A court could find these individuals should be considered our agents, and, as a result, we could be held liable for their acts or omissions. We cannot predict the
effect that any claims of this nature, regardless of their ultimate outcome, could have on our business or reputation or on our ability to attract and retain patients and employees. While we maintain malpractice liability coverage that we
believe is appropriate given the nature and breadth of our operations, any claims against us in excess of insurance limits, or multiple claims requiring us to pay deductibles could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we are unable to maintain our corporate reputation, our
business may suffer. Our success depends on our ability to maintain our corporate reputation, including our reputation
for providing quality patient care and for compliance with Medicare requirements and the other laws to which we are subject. Adverse publicity surrounding any aspect of our business, including the death or disability of any of our patients due to
our failure to provide proper care, or due to any failure on our part to comply with Medicare requirements or other laws to which we are subject, could negatively affect our Company’s overall reputation and the willingness of referral sources
to refer patients to us. We depend on the services of our executive officers and other key employees. We depend greatly on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees to manage our operations. The loss
or departure of any one of these executives or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our operations could be impacted by natural disasters. The occurrence of natural disasters in the markets in which we operate could not only impact the day-to-day operations of our care
centers, but could also disrupt our relationships with patients, employees and referral sources located in the affected areas and, in the case of our corporate office, our ability to provide administrative support services, including billing and
collection services. In addition, any episode of care that is not completed due to the impact of a natural disaster will generally result in lower revenue for the episode. For example, our corporate office and a number of our care centers are
located in the southeastern United States and the Gulf Coast Region, increasing our exposure to hurricanes. Future hurricanes or other natural disasters may have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Liquidity Delays in payment may cause liquidity problems. Our business is
characterized by delays from the time we provide services to the time we receive payment for these services. If we have difficulty in obtaining documentation, such as physician orders, experience information system problems or experience other
issues that arise with Medicare or other payors, we may encounter additional delays in our payment cycle. In addition, timing
delays may cause working capital shortages. Working capital management, including prompt and diligent billing and collection, is an important factor in achieving our financial results and maintaining liquidity. It is possible that documentation
support, system problems, Medicare or other provider issues or industry trends may extend our collection period, which may materially adversely affect our working capital, and our working capital management procedures may not successfully mitigate
this risk. Additionally, our hospice operations may experience payment delays. We have experienced payment delays when
attempting to collect funds from state Medicaid programs in certain instances. Delays in receiving payments from these programs may also materially adversely affect our working capital. 25 Table of Contents The volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets and adverse changes in
the United States and global economies could impact our ability to access both available and affordable financing, and without such financing, we may be unable to achieve our objectives for strategic acquisitions and internal growth. The United States and global capital and credit markets have recently experienced extreme volatility and disruption at
unprecedented levels. Many financial institutions have recorded significant write-downs of asset values and these write-downs have caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in
some cases, to fail. Many lenders and institutional investors have reduced, and in some cases, ceased to provide funding to borrowers, including other financial institutions, or have increased their rates significantly. While we intend to finance strategic acquisitions and internal growth with cash flows from operations and borrowings under our revolving
credit facility, we may require sources of capital in addition to those presently available to us. Uncertainty in the capital and credit markets may impact our ability to access capital on terms acceptable to us (i.e. at attractive/affordable rates)
or at all, and this may result in our inability to achieve present objectives for strategic acquisitions and internal growth. Further, in the event we need additional funds, and we are unable to raise the necessary funds on acceptable terms, our
business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Our indebtedness could impact our financial condition and impair our ability to fulfill other obligations. As of December 31, 2014, we had total outstanding indebtedness of approximately $118.0 million, comprised mainly of indebtedness
incurred in connection with our April 23, 2014 settlement agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice relating to certain of our clinical and business operations. Our level of indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our
business and consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows and impair our ability to fulfill other obligations in several ways, including: • it could require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, which could reduce the availability of
cash flow to fund acquisitions, start-ups, working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; • it could limit our ability to borrow money or sell stock for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements and other purposes; • it could limit our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in our industry or business; • it could make us more vulnerable to unfavorable economic or business conditions; and • it could limit our ability to make acquisitions or take advantage of other business opportunities. In the event we incur additional indebtedness, the risks described above could increase. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants that limit our discretion in the operation of our business and
our failure to satisfy requirements in these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The agreements governing our indebtedness (the “Debt Agreements”) contain certain obligations, including restrictive covenants
that require us to comply with or maintain certain financial covenants and ratios and restrict our ability to: • incur additional debt; • redeem or repurchase stock, pay dividends or make other distributions; • make certain investments; • create liens; • enter into transactions with affiliates; 26 Table of Contents • make acquisitions; • enter into joint ventures; • merge or consolidate; • invest in foreign subsidiaries; • amend acquisition documents; • enter into certain swap agreements; • make certain restricted payments; • transfer, sell or leaseback assets; and • make fundamental changes in our corporate existence and principal business. In addition, events beyond our control could affect our ability to comply with the Debt Agreements. Any failure by us to comply with or
maintain all applicable financial covenants and ratios and to comply with all other applicable covenants could result in an event of default with respect to the Debt Agreements. If we are unable to obtain a waiver from our lenders in the event
of any non-compliance, our lenders could accelerate the maturity of any outstanding indebtedness and terminate the commitments to make further extensions of credit (including our ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility). Any
failure to comply with these covenants could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The price of our
common stock may be volatile. The price at which our common stock trades may be volatile. The stock market from time
to time experiences significant price and volume fluctuations that impact the market prices of securities, particularly those of health care companies. The market price of our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: • our operating and financial performance; • variances in our quarterly financial results compared to research analyst expectations; • the depth and liquidity of the market for our common stock; • future sales of common stock by the Company or large stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; • investor, analyst and media perception of our business and our prospects; • developments relating to litigation or governmental investigations; • changes or proposed changes in health care laws or regulations or enforcement of these laws and regulations, or announcements relating to these
matters; • departure of key personnel; • changes in the Medicare, Medicaid and private insurance payment rates for home health and hospice; • announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; or • general economic and stock market conditions. In addition, the stock market in general, and the NASDAQ Global Select Market (“NASDAQ”) in particular, has experienced price and volume fluctuations that we believe have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of health care provider companies. These broad market and industry factors may 27 Table of Contents materially reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. Securities class-action cases have often been brought against companies following periods of
volatility in the market price of their securities. The activities of short sellers could reduce the price or prevent
increases in the price of our common stock. “Short sale” is defined as the sale of stock by an investor that the investor does not own. Typically, investors who sell short believe the price of the stock will fall, and anticipate selling
shares at a higher price than the purchase price at which they will buy the stock. As of December 31, 2014, investors held a short position of approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock which represented 5.6% of our outstanding
common stock. The anticipated downward pressure on our stock price due to actual or anticipated sales of our stock by some institutions or individuals who engage in short sales of our common stock could cause our stock price to decline. Sales of substantial amounts of our common stock or preferred stock, or the availability of those shares for future sale, could
materially impact our stock price and limit our ability to raise capital. The following table presents information
about our outstanding common and preferred stock and our outstanding securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of common stock: As of December 31, 2014 Common stock outstanding 33,594,572 Preferred stock outstanding — Common stock available under 2008 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan 1,265,614 Stock options outstanding 277,536 Stock options exercisable 27,536 Non-vested stock outstanding 917,959 Non-vested stock units outstanding 225,745 If we were to sell substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market or if there was a public
perception that substantial sales could occur, the market price of our common stock could decline. These sales or the perception of substantial future sales may also make it difficult for us to sell common stock in the future to raise capital. Our Board of Directors may use anti-takeover provisions or issue stock to discourage a change of control. Our certificate of incorporation currently authorizes us to issue up to 60,000,000 shares of common stock and
5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock. Our Board of Directors may cause us to issue additional stock to discourage an attempt to obtain control of our company. For example, shares of stock could be sold to purchasers who might support our
Board of Directors in a control contest or to dilute the voting or other rights of a person seeking to obtain control. In addition, our Board of Directors could cause us to issue preferred stock entitling holders to vote separately on any proposed
transaction, convert preferred stock into common stock, demand redemption at a specified price in connection with a change in control, or exercise other rights designed to impede a takeover. The issuance of additional shares may, among other things, dilute the earnings and equity per share of our common stock and the voting
rights of common stockholders. We have implemented other anti-takeover provisions or provisions that could have an
anti-takeover effect, including advance notice requirements for director nominations and stockholder proposals. These provisions, and others that our Board of Directors may adopt hereafter, may discourage offers to acquire us and may permit our
Board of Directors to choose not to entertain offers to purchase us, even if such offers include a substantial premium to the market price of our stock. Therefore, our stockholders may be deprived of opportunities to profit from a sale of control. 28 Table of Contents 