” and other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and investors should refer to
such risk factors and other statements in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 2 Table of Contents Any forward-looking statements speak only as to the date this Annual Report on Form 10-K for each Reporting
Company was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and none of the Reporting Companies undertakes an obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statements are
made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for a Reporting Company to predict all such factors. Furthermore, it may not be possible to assess the impact of any such factor
on such Reporting Company’s or its subsidiaries’ business (viewed independently or together with the business or businesses of some or all of the other Reporting Companies or their subsidiaries), or the extent to which any factor, or
combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive. 3 Table of Contents Part I Item 1. BUSINESS Overview Pepco Holdings is a holding company that was incorporated in Delaware in 2001. Through its regulated public utility subsidiaries, PHI is engaged primarily in
the transmission, distribution and default supply of electricity, and, to a lesser extent, the distribution and supply of natural gas. The principal executive offices of PHI are located at 701 Ninth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20068. PHI’s public utility subsidiaries are: Name of Utility State and Year of Incorporation Business Service Territories Address of Principal Executive Offices Potomac Electric Power Company District of Columbia (1896) Virginia (1949) Transmission, distribution and default supply
of electricity District of Columbia Major portions of Montgomery and Prince George’s Counties, Maryland 701 Ninth Street, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20068 Delmarva Power & Light Company Delaware (1909) Virginia (1979) Transmission, distribution and default supply
of electricity Distribution and supply of natural gas Portions of Delaware and Maryland (electricity) Portions of New Castle County, Delaware (natural gas) 500 North Wakefield Drive, Newark, Delaware 19702 Atlantic City Electric Company New Jersey (1924) Transmission, distribution and default supply
of electricity Portions of Southern New Jersey 500 North Wakefield Drive, Newark, Delaware 19702 4 Table of Contents The service territories of each of Pepco Holdings’ utilities are depicted in the map below: PHI’s three utility subsidiaries comprise a single operating segment for accounting purposes, which is referred to
herein as “Power Delivery.” In addition to its regulated utility operations, Pepco Holdings, through Pepco Energy Services, Inc. and its
subsidiaries (collectively, Pepco Energy Services), is engaged in an energy savings performance contracting business, an underground transmission and distribution construction business and a thermal business. The operations of Pepco Energy Services collectively comprise a separate, second operating segment for accounting purposes. During 2013, Pepco Energy Services
completed the wind-down of its retail electricity and natural gas supply businesses, and, as a result, these businesses have been accounted for as discontinued operations, as described below under “Discontinued Operations.” Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Potomac Capital Investment Corporation (PCI), PHI previously held a portfolio of cross-border energy lease investments.
During 2013, Pepco Holdings completed the termination of its interests in its cross-border energy lease investments, and as a result, these investments have been accounted for as discontinued operations, as described below under “Discontinued
Operations.” 5 Table of Contents The following table shows PHI’s consolidated operating revenue and net income from continuing operations
derived from the Power Delivery and Pepco Energy Services segments over the three preceding fiscal years. 2014 2013 2012 (millions of dollars) Operating Revenue Power Delivery $ 4,607 $ 4,472 $ 4,378 Pepco Energy Services 278 203 256 Net Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations Power Delivery $ 320 $ 289 $ 235 Pepco Energy Services (39 ) 3 (8 ) For additional financial information with respect to PHI’s segments, see Note (5), “Segment Information,” to
the consolidated financial statements of PHI. PHI Service Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI, provides a variety of support services, including
legal, accounting, treasury, tax, purchasing and information technology services, to PHI and its operating subsidiaries. These services are provided pursuant to service agreements among PHI, PHI Service Company and the participating operating
subsidiaries. The expenses of PHI Service Company are charged to PHI and the participating operating subsidiaries in accordance with cost allocation methodologies set forth in the service agreements. Agreement and Plan of Merger with Exelon Corporation PHI
entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 29, 2014, as amended and restated July 18, 2014 (the Merger Agreement), with Exelon and Purple Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of
Exelon (Merger Sub), providing for the Merger, with PHI surviving the Merger as an indirect, wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of PHI (other than (i) shares owned by Exelon, Merger Sub or any other direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon and shares owned by PHI or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of PHI, and in each case not
held on behalf of third parties (but not including shares held by PHI in any rabbi trust or similar arrangement in respect of any compensation plan or arrangement) and (ii) shares that are owned by stockholders who have perfected and not
withdrawn a demand for appraisal rights pursuant to Delaware law), will be canceled and converted into the right to receive $27.25 in cash, without interest. In connection with entering into the Merger Agreement, PHI entered into a Subscription Agreement, dated April 29, 2014 (the Subscription Agreement), with
Exelon, pursuant to which on April 30, 2014, PHI issued to Exelon 9,000 originally issued shares of non-voting, non-convertible and non-transferable Series A preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (the Preferred Stock), for a purchase price
of $90 million. Exelon also committed pursuant to the Subscription Agreement to purchase 1,800 originally issued shares of Preferred Stock for a purchase price of $18 million at the end of each 90-day period following the date of the Subscription
Agreement until the Merger closes or is terminated, up to a maximum of 18,000 shares of Preferred Stock for a maximum aggregate consideration of $180 million. In accordance with the Subscription Agreement, on each of July 29,
2014, October 27, 2014 and January 26, 2015, an additional 1,800 shares of Preferred Stock were issued by PHI to Exelon for a purchase price of $18 million. The holders of the Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive a cumulative,
non-participating cash dividend of 0.1% per annum, payable quarterly, when, as and if declared by PHI’s board of directors. The proceeds from the issuance of the Preferred Stock are not subject to restrictions and are intended to serve as
a prepayment of any applicable reverse termination fee payable from Exelon to PHI. The Preferred Stock will be redeemable on the terms and in the circumstances set forth in the Merger Agreement and the Subscription Agreement. 6 Table of Contents Consummation of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified closing conditions, including
(i) the approval of the Merger by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock of PHI; (ii) the receipt of regulatory approvals required to consummate the Merger, including approvals from FERC, the Federal
Communications Commission (FCC), the Delaware Public Service Commission (DPSC), the District of Columbia Public Service Commission (DCPSC), the Maryland Public Service Commission (MPSC), the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities (NJBPU) and the
Virginia State Corporation Commission (VSCC); (iii) the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the HSR Act); and (iv) other customary closing conditions,
including (a) the accuracy of each party’s representations and warranties (subject to customary materiality qualifiers) and (b) each party’s compliance with its obligations and covenants contained in the Merger Agreement
(including covenants that may limit, restrict or prohibit PHI and its subsidiaries from taking specified actions during the period between the date of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement). In
addition, the obligations of Exelon and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are subject to the required regulatory approvals not imposing terms, conditions, obligations or commitments, individually or in the aggregate, that constitute a burdensome
condition (as defined in the Merger Agreement). On September 23, 2014, the stockholders of PHI approved the Merger, on October 7, 2014, the
VSCC approved the Merger, and on November 20, 2014, FERC approved the Merger. On December 22, 2014, the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act expired, and the HSR Act no longer precludes completion of the Merger. Although the
Department of Justice (DOJ) allowed the waiting period under the HSR Act to expire without taking any action with respect to the Merger, the DOJ has not advised PHI that it has concluded its investigation. In addition, the transfer of control of
certain communications licenses held by certain of PHI’s subsidiaries has been approved by the FCC. The NJBPU approved the Merger on February 11, 2015. On February 13, 2015, Pepco Holdings, DPL, Exelon, certain of Exelon’s
affiliates, the Staff of the DPSC and certain other parties, filed a settlement agreement with the DPSC with respect to the Merger. This settlement agreement is subject to approval by the DPSC. The Merger Agreement may be terminated by each of PHI and Exelon under certain circumstances, including if the Merger is not consummated by July 29, 2015
(subject to extension by PHI or Exelon to October 29, 2015, if all of the conditions to closing, other than the conditions related to obtaining regulatory approvals, have been satisfied). The Merger Agreement also provides for certain
termination rights for both PHI and Exelon, and further provides that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain specified circumstances, PHI will be required to pay Exelon a termination fee of $259 million or reimburse Exelon for its
expenses up to $40 million (which reimbursement of expenses shall reduce on a dollar for dollar basis any termination fee subsequently payable by PHI), provided, however, that if the Merger Agreement is terminated in connection with an acquisition
proposal made under certain circumstances by a person who made an acquisition proposal between April 1, 2014 and the date of the Merger Agreement, the termination fee will be $293 million plus reimbursement of Exelon for its expenses up to $40
million (not subject to offset). In addition, if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances due to the failure to obtain regulatory approvals with respect to the Merger or the breach by Exelon of its obligations in respect of
obtaining such regulatory approvals (a Regulatory Termination), PHI will be able to redeem any issued and outstanding Preferred Stock at par value. If the Merger Agreement is terminated, other than for a Regulatory Termination, PHI will be required
to redeem the Preferred Stock at the purchase price of $10,000 per share, plus any unpaid accrued and accumulated dividends thereupon. 7 Table of Contents Business Strategy PHI’s business objective is to be a top-performing, regulated power delivery company that delivers safe and reliable electric and natural gas service to
its customers and through its regulatory proceedings, earns a just and reasonable rate of return on, and receives timely recovery of, its utility investments. In seeking to achieve this objective, Pepco Holdings’ business strategy is guided by its core values of safety, integrity, and diversity and its mission
of environmental stewardship, and is focused on the following initiatives: • investing in its utilities’ transmission and distribution infrastructure; • building a smarter grid and implementing other technological enhancements designed to: • automate power delivery system functions and improve the reliability of the power distribution system; • enable its utilities to restore power more quickly and efficiently; • offer customers detailed information about, and options to help customers better manage, their energy usage; • enhance the customer experience and PHI’s communications with customers; and • through Pepco Energy Services, providing comprehensive energy management solutions and developing, installing and operating renewable energy solutions. In furtherance of its business strategy, PHI entered into the Merger Agreement with Exelon Corporation. For a discussion of the Merger Agreement, see
“– Agreement and Plan of Merger with Exelon Corporation.” Further, PHI may dispose of existing businesses consistent with the terms of the Merger Agreement. PHI also may from time to time refine components of its business strategy as
it deems necessary or appropriate in response to business factors and other conditions consistent with the terms of the Merger Agreement and subject to regulatory requirements. Overview of the Power Delivery Business Distribution and Default Supply of Electricity Each of PHI’s utility subsidiaries owns and operates a network of wires, substations and other equipment that are classified as transmission facilities,
distribution facilities or common facilities (which are used for both transmission and distribution). Transmission facilities carry wholesale electricity into, out of and across the utilities’ service territories. Distribution facilities carry
electricity from the transmission facilities to the customers located in the utilities’ service territories. Each utility subsidiary is responsible
for the distribution of electricity to customers within its service territory or territories and for which it is paid tariff rates established by the applicable public service commissions. While the transmission and distribution of electricity is
regulated, the law of each of these service territories allows for competition in the supply of electricity, which enables distribution customers to contract to purchase their electricity from a supplier approved by the applicable public service
commission. PHI’s utility subsidiaries supply electricity at regulated rates to customers who do not elect to purchase their electricity from a competitive supplier. These “default” supply services are referred to generally in this
Form 10-K as Default Electricity Supply. The regulatory term for Default Electricity Supply is Standard Offer Service (SOS) in Delaware, the District of Columbia and Maryland, and Basic Generation Service (BGS) in New Jersey. The results of
operations of PHI’s utility subsidiaries are only minimally impacted when customers choose to obtain their electricity through competitive suppliers because the utilities earn their approved rates of return by providing distribution service,
and not by supplying the electricity. 8 Table of Contents Transmission of Electricity and Relationship With PJM Each of PHI’s utility subsidiaries provides transmission services within the jurisdictions that encompass its electricity distribution service territory.
In the aggregate, PHI owns approximately 4,600 circuit miles of interconnected transmission lines with voltages ranging from 115 kilovolts (kV) to 500 kV. Under the Open Access Transmission Tariff adopted by FERC, each owner of transmission services
is required to provide transmission customers with non-discriminatory access to its transmission facilities at tariff rates approved by FERC. The
transmission facilities owned by Pepco, DPL and ACE are interconnected with the transmission facilities of contiguous utilities and are part of an interstate power transmission grid over which electricity is transmitted throughout a region
encompassing the mid-Atlantic portion of the United States and parts of the Midwest. PJM is the FERC-approved independent operator of this transmission grid and manages the wholesale electricity market within its region. Pepco, DPL and ACE each are
members of the PJM Regional Transmission Organization (PJM RTO), the regional transmission organization designated by FERC to coordinate the movement of wholesale electricity in PJM’s region. In accordance with FERC-approved rules, Pepco, DPL, ACE and the other transmission-owning utilities in the PJM region make their transmission facilities
available to PJM, and PJM directs and controls the operation of these transmission facilities. Each transmission owner is compensated at transmission rates approved by FERC for the use of its transmission facilities. PJM provides billing and
settlement services, collects transmission service revenue from transmission service customers and distributes the revenue to the transmission owners. PJM also directs the regional transmission planning process within its region. The Board of Managers of PJM reviews and approves all transmission expansion
plans within the PJM region, including the construction of new transmission facilities by PJM members. Changes in the current policies for building new transmission lines ordered by FERC and implemented by PJM could result in additional competition
to build transmission lines in the PJM region, including in the service territories of PHI’s utility subsidiaries, and could allow PHI’s utility subsidiaries the opportunity to construct transmission facilities in other service
territories. For a discussion of the regulation of transmission rates, see Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Regulatory and Other Matters – Rate Proceedings – Transmission” and for a discussion of recently completed and pending FERC transmission rate proceedings, see Note (7),
“Regulatory Matters – Rate Proceedings – Federal Energy Regulatory Commission,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI. Distribution and Supply of Natural Gas DPL owns
pipelines and other equipment for the distribution and supply of natural gas. DPL uses its natural gas distribution facilities to deliver natural gas to retail customers in its service territory and provides transportation-only services to customers
that purchase natural gas from another supplier. Intrastate transportation customers pay DPL distribution service rates approved by the DPSC. Rates for the interstate transportation and sale of wholesale natural gas are regulated by FERC. DPL
purchases natural gas supplies for resale to its retail service customers from marketers and producers through a combination of long-term agreements and next-day distribution arrangements. 9 Table of Contents PHI’s Utility Subsidiaries Potomac Electric Power Company Pepco’s
electric distribution service territory consists of the District of Columbia and major portions of Prince George’s County and Montgomery County in Maryland. The service territory covers approximately 640 square miles and, as of
December 31, 2014, had a population of approximately 2.3 million. This region includes the following key industries that contribute to the regional economic base: • Federal and municipal government services; • Professional, scientific, educational and technical services; • Leisure, hospitality and transportation services; and • Healthcare and social services. The following table shows the number of Pepco distribution customers in each
of its service territories as of the end of each of the preceding three years. 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) District of Columbia 271 264 260 Maryland 544 537 533 Total 815 801 793 Pepco distributed a total of 25,751,000, 25,801,000 and 26,006,000 megawatt (MW) hours (MWh) of electricity in 2014, 2013 and
2012, respectively. The following table shows the allocation by percentage among customer types of the total MWh of electricity delivered by Pepco in each of its service territories during each of the preceding three fiscal years: 2014 2013 2012 District of Columbia: Residential 8 % 8 % 8 % Commercial, industrial and other 35 % 35 % 35 % Total 43 % 43 % 43 % Maryland: Residential 22 % 22 % 22 % Commercial, industrial and other 35 % 35 % 35 % Total 57 % 57 % 57 % Pepco has been designated as the default electricity supplier in its District of Columbia and Maryland service territories by
the DCPSC and the MPSC, respectively. Pepco purchases the electricity required to satisfy its SOS obligations from wholesale suppliers primarily under contracts entered into in accordance with competitive bid procedures approved and supervised by
each of the DCPSC and the MPSC. For commercial customers in the District of Columbia and large commercial customers in Maryland that do not purchase their electricity from a competitive supplier, Pepco is obligated to provide Hourly Priced Service
(HPS), a form of SOS service for which Pepco purchases the electricity in the next-day and other short-term PJM RTO markets. Under orders issued by the
DCPSC, Pepco is obligated to provide SOS to residential and small, medium-sized and large commercial customers in the District of Columbia indefinitely. Under orders issued by the MPSC, Pepco is obligated to provide SOS to residential and small
commercial customers and to medium-sized commercial customers in Maryland through November 2015. As contracts expire, they are rebid 10 Table of Contents annually by Pepco through the MPSC-approved request for proposal process. Pepco is paid tariff rates for the transmission and distribution of electricity over its transmission and distribution
facilities to all electricity customers in its service territory, whether the customer receives SOS or HPS, or purchases electricity from a competitive supplier, and is entitled to recover from its SOS and HPS customers the costs of acquiring the
electricity, plus an administrative charge that is intended to allow it to recover its administrative costs, plus a modest margin, which varies depending on the customer class. The following table shows for Pepco customers in the District of Columbia and Maryland the percentage of distribution sales (measured by MWh) over the past
three fiscal years to SOS customers. 2014 2013 2012 District of Columbia 27 % 25 % 25 % Maryland 41 % 41 % 40 % In the District of Columbia, under various acts of Congress, pursuant to Pepco’s corporate charter, and subject to the
supervision of the DCPSC, Pepco has the non-exclusive authority to install and maintain overhead and underground transmission and distribution lines and other related facilities for the furnishing of electricity. Pepco’s right to occupy public
space for utility purposes is by permit from the District of Columbia and the federal government. Pepco is the only public utility that distributes electricity for sale to the public in the District of Columbia. In Maryland, Pepco operates pursuant to state-wide franchises granted by Maryland’s General Assembly that are unlimited in duration. These franchises
were granted to Pepco or to predecessor companies acquired by Pepco, and confer, among other things, the ability to construct electric transmission and distribution lines. Pursuant to statute, public service companies in Maryland may exercise a
franchise to the extent authorized by the MPSC. The service territories for Pepco, as well as for other electric utilities in the state, were precisely delineated in 1966 by the MPSC and have been modified in minor ways over the years. Delmarva Power & Light Company DPL is
engaged in the transmission, distribution and default supply of electricity in portions of Delaware and Maryland. In northern Delaware, DPL also supplies and delivers natural gas to retail customers and provides transportation-only services to
retail customers that purchase natural gas from another supplier. In Maryland, DPL operates pursuant to state-wide franchises that are substantially
similar in nature to those described above with respect to Pepco’s Maryland operations. DPL’s exclusive and continuing authority to distribute electricity and natural gas in its non-municipal service territories in Delaware is derived from
legislation, through which the DPSC has established exclusive service territories. With respect to municipalities that it serves, DPL provides service under various franchises granted to DPL and predecessor companies, which franchises are generally
either unlimited as to time or renew automatically. 11 Table of Contents Distribution and Supply of Electricity DPL’s electric distribution service territory consists of portions of the state of Delaware, and Caroline, Cecil, Dorchester, Harford, Kent, Queen
Anne’s, Somerset, Talbot, Wicomico and Worcester counties in Maryland. This territory covers approximately 5,000 square miles and, as of December 31, 2014, had a population of approximately 1.4 million. This region is economically diverse
and includes the following key industries that contribute to the regional economic base: • Commercial activities in the region include banking, government, educational and health services, transportation and tourism. • Industrial activities in the region include chemical, pharmaceutical, food processing and oil refining. The
following table shows the number of DPL electricity distribution customers in each of its service territories as of the end of each of the preceding three fiscal years. 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Delaware 308 305 303 Maryland 202 201 200 Total 510 506 503 DPL distributed a total of 12,413,000, 12,465,000 and 12,641,000 MWh of electricity in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. The
following table shows the allocation by percentage among customer types of the total MWh of electricity delivered by DPL in each of its service territories during each of the preceding three fiscal years: 2014 2013 2012 Delaware: Residential 24 % 24 % 24 % Commercial and industrial 41 % 42 % 43 % Total 65 % 66 % 67 % Maryland: Residential 18 % 17 % 16 % Commercial and industrial 17 % 17 % 17 % Total 35 % 34 % 33 % DPL has been designated as the default electricity supplier in its Delaware and Maryland service territories by the DPSC and
the MPSC, respectively. DPL purchases the electricity required to satisfy its SOS obligations from wholesale suppliers primarily under contracts entered into in accordance with competitive bid procedures approved and supervised by each of the DPSC
and the MPSC. DPL also has an obligation to provide HPS for its largest customers in Delaware and its large customers in Maryland. DPL acquires power to supply its HPS customers in the next-day and other short-term PJM RTO markets. Under orders issued by the DPSC, DPL is obligated to provide SOS to residential, small commercial and industrial customers in Delaware through May 2018, and
to medium, large and general service commercial customers in Delaware through May 2016. Under orders issued by the MPSC, DPL is obligated to provide SOS to residential and small commercial customers in Maryland until further action of the Maryland
General Assembly, and to medium-sized commercial customers in Maryland through November 2015. As contracts expire, they are rebid annually by DPL through the MPSC-approved request for proposal process. In Delaware and Maryland, DPL is paid tariff
rates for the transmission and distribution of electricity over its transmission and distribution facilities to all electricity customers in its 12 Table of Contents service territories, whether the customer receives SOS or HPS, or purchases electricity from a competitive supplier. In Delaware, DPL is also entitled to recover from its SOS and HPS customers
the associated costs of acquiring the electricity (including transmission, capacity and ancillary services costs and costs to satisfy renewable energy requirements), plus an amount referred to as a Reasonable Allowance for Retail Margin. In
Maryland, DPL is entitled to recover from its SOS and HPS customers the costs of acquiring the electricity, plus an administrative charge that is intended to allow it to recover its administrative costs, plus a modest margin, which varies depending
on the customer class. The following table shows for DPL customers in Delaware and Maryland the percentage of distribution sales (measured in MWh) over
the past three fiscal years to SOS customers. 2014 2013 2012 Delaware 44 % 44 % 47 % Maryland 51 % 51 % 53 % Distribution and Supply of Natural Gas DPL provides regulated natural gas supply and distribution service to customers in a service territory consisting of a major portion of New Castle County in
Delaware. This service territory covers approximately 275 square miles and, as of December 31, 2014, had a population of approximately 500,000. Large volume commercial, institutional, and industrial natural gas customers may purchase natural gas from DPL. Alternatively, a customer receiving a
“transportation-only” service from DPL will purchase natural gas from a competitive supplier and have the natural gas delivered through DPL’s distribution facilities. The following table provides certain information regarding
DPL’s natural gas distribution business for each of the last three fiscal years. 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands, except percentages) Number of natural gas customers 128 126 125 Thousand cubic feet (Mcf) of natural gas delivered 21,031 19,796 16,815 Percentage of natural gas supplied and delivered by DPL 69 % 64 % 60 % The following table shows on a percentage basis the allocation among customer types of the Mcf of natural gas delivered by DPL
in Delaware in each of the preceding three fiscal years. 2014 2013 2012 Residential 41 % 40 % 38 % Commercial and industrial 29 % 25 % 22 % Transportation and other 30 % 35 % 40 % 13 Table of Contents Atlantic City Electric Company Electricity Distribution and Supply ACE’s electric
distribution service territory consists of Gloucester, Camden, Burlington, Ocean, Atlantic, Cape May, Cumberland and Salem counties in southern New Jersey. The service territory covers approximately 2,700 square miles and had, as of
December 31, 2014, a population of approximately 1.1 million. This region is economically diverse and includes the following key industries that contribute to the regional economic base: • Commercial activities in the region include professional services, government, educational and health services, casinos and tourism. • Industrial activities in the region include chemical, glass, food processing and oil refining. The following
table provides certain information regarding ACE’s electric distribution business for each of the last three fiscal years. 2014 2013 2012 (in thousands) Number of electric distribution customers 546 545 545 MWh of electricity delivered 9,051 9,231 9,495 The following table shows the allocation by percentage among customer types of the total MWh of electricity delivered by ACE
during each of the preceding three fiscal years. 2014 2013 2012 Residential 45 % 46 % 46 % Commercial and industrial 55 % 54 % 54 % ACE has been designated as the default electricity supplier in its service territory by the NJBPU. In New Jersey, each of the
state’s electric distribution companies, including ACE, jointly obtains the electricity to meet such companies’ collective BGS obligations from competitive suppliers selected through auctions authorized by the NJBPU for the supply of New
Jersey’s total BGS requirements. Each winning bidder is required to supply its committed portion of the BGS customer load with full requirements service, consisting of power supply and transmission service. ACE provides two types of BGS: • fixed price BGS, which is provided to smaller commercial and residential customers at seasonally-adjusted fixed prices (which as of December 31, 2014, had a peak load of approximately 1,511 MW and represented
approximately 97% of ACE’s total BGS load); and • commercial and industrial energy price BGS, which is provided to large customers at hourly PJM RTO real-time market prices for a term of 12 months (which as of December 31, 2014, had a peak load of approximately 54
MW and represented approximately 3% of ACE’s total BGS load). ACE is paid tariff supply rates established by the NJBPU that compensate
it for the cost of obtaining the BGS supply. These rates are set such that ACE does not make any profit or incur any loss with respect to the supply component of its BGS obligations. ACE is also paid tariff rates for the transmission and
distribution of electricity over its transmission and distribution facilities to all electricity customers in its service territory, whether the customer receives BGS or purchases electricity from a competitive supplier. 14 Table of Contents For the year ended December 31, 2014, 49% of ACE’s total distribution sales (measured in MWh) were to
BGS customers, as compared to 48% and 51% in 2013 and 2012, respectively. ACE operates under non-exclusive franchises that have been granted by the NJBPU
and under certain non-exclusive consents from municipalities in which ACE provides service. While most of the municipal consents were granted in perpetuity, two of the municipal consents require renewal on a periodic basis in accordance with their
terms, and are subject to the ultimate review and approval of the NJBPU. All of the franchises and consents are currently in full force and effect. Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC In 2001,
ACE established Atlantic City Electric Transition Funding LLC (ACE Funding) solely for the purpose of securitizing authorized portions of ACE’s recoverable stranded costs through the issuance and sale of bonds (Transition Bonds). The proceeds
of the sale of each series of Transition Bonds were transferred to ACE in exchange for the transfer by ACE to ACE Funding of the right to collect a non-bypassable transition bond charge (Transition Bond Charge) from ACE customers pursuant to
bondable stranded costs rate orders issued by the NJBPU in an amount sufficient to fund the principal and interest payments on the Transition Bonds and related taxes, expenses and fees (Bondable Transition Property). The assets of ACE Funding,
including the Bondable Transition Property, and the Transition Bond Charges (representing revenue ACE receives, and pays to ACE Funding, to fund the principal and interest payments on Transition Bonds and related taxes, expenses and fees) collected
from ACE’s customers, are not available to creditors of ACE. The holders of Transition Bonds have recourse only to the assets of ACE Funding. Smart Grid Initiatives PHI’s utility
subsidiaries are engaged in transforming the power grid that they own and operate into a “smart grid,” a network of automated digital devices capable of collecting and communicating large amounts of real-time data. PHI believes that the
smart grid benefits its customers by: • improving service reliability of the energy distribution system; • automating specific distribution system functions; • enabling its utilities to restore energy to customers more quickly and efficiently; • facilitating more efficient use of energy to meet the challenges of rising energy costs and governmental energy reduction goals; • permitting its utilities to obtain and communicate to their customers timely and accurate information regarding energy usage and outages; and • enhancing communications with its customers and the overall customer experience. A central component of the
smart grid is AMI, a system that collects, measures and analyzes energy usage data from advanced digital meters, known as “smart meters.” Also critical to the operation of the smart grid is distribution automation technology, which is
comprised of automated devices that have internal intelligence and can be controlled remotely to better manage power flow and restore service quickly and more safely. Both the AMI system and distribution automation are enabled by advanced technology
that communicates with devices installed on the energy delivery system and transmits energy usage data to the host utility. The implementation of the AMI system and distribution automation involves an integration of technologies provided by multiple
vendors. 15 Table of Contents Both Pepco and DPL have completed the installation and activation of AMI smart meters and related technologies in
each of their jurisdictions. ACE has yet to receive approval from the NJBPU to proceed with the installation of AMI smart meters. The DCPSC, the MPSC and
the DPSC have approved the creation by Pepco and DPL of regulatory assets to defer certain costs associated with the implementation of the AMI system between rate cases and to defer carrying costs associated with the deferred costs. Thus, these
costs will be recovered in the future through base rates; however, for AMI-related costs incurred by Pepco in Maryland with respect to test years after 2011, pursuant to an MPSC order, the recovery of such costs will be allowed when Pepco
demonstrates that the AMI system is cost-effective. The MPSC’s July 2013 order in Pepco’s November 2012 electric distribution base rate application excluded the cost of AMI smart meters from Pepco’s rate base until such time as Pepco
demonstrates the cost effectiveness of the AMI system. As a result, costs for AMI smart meters incurred with respect to the 2012 test year and beyond will be treated as other incremental AMI-related costs incurred in conjunction with the deployment
of the AMI system that are deferred and on which carrying costs are deferred, but only until such cost effectiveness has been demonstrated and such costs are included in rates. In 2010, two of PHI’s utility subsidiaries were granted cash awards in the aggregate amount of $168 million by the U.S. Department of Energy to support
their smart grid initiatives. • Pepco was awarded $149 million for AMI, direct load control, distribution automation and communications infrastructure, of which $148 million has been received through December 31, 2014. • ACE was awarded $19 million for direct load control, distribution automation and communications infrastructure, all of which has been received through December 31, 2014. Substantially all of the awards received have been recorded as reductions in AMI-related costs (including those costs capitalized as property, plant and
equipment and those costs deferred as regulatory assets). Utility Capital Expenditures PHI’s utility subsidiaries allocate a substantial portion of their total capital expenditures to improving the reliability of their electrical
transmission and distribution systems and replacing aging infrastructure throughout their service territories. These activities include: • identifying and upgrading under-performing feeder lines; • adding new facilities to support load; • installing distribution automation systems on both the overhead and underground network systems; and • rejuvenating and replacing underground residential cables. In addition, PHI’s utility subsidiaries
allocate capital expenditures to increasing transmission and distribution system capacity, providing resiliency against major storm events, providing operating and system flexibility and installing and upgrading facilities for new and existing
customers. For a discussion of PHI’s consolidated capital expenditure plan for 2015 through 2019, see Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital
Resources and Liquidity – Capital Requirements – Capital Expenditures.” District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding Initiative On May 3, 2014, the Council of the District of Columbia enacted the Electric Company Infrastructure Improvement Financing Act of 2014 (the
Improvement Financing Act), which provides enabling legislation for the District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding (DC PLUG) initiative. This $1 billion initiative seeks to selectively place underground some of the District of Columbia’s
most outage-prone 16 Table of Contents power lines, which lines and surrounding conduit would be owned and maintained by Pepco. A more detailed discussion of the Improvement Financing Act is provided in Note (7), “Regulatory
Matters – District of Columbia Power Line Undergrounding Initiative,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI. NERC Reliability
Standards NERC has established, and FERC has approved, reliability standards with regard to the bulk power system that impose certain operating,
planning and cyber security requirements on Pepco, DPL and ACE. There are eight NERC regional oversight entities, including Reliability First (RF), of which Pepco, DPL, ACE and Pepco Energy Services are members. These oversight entities are
charged with the day-to-day implementation and enforcement of NERC’s reliability standards, which impose certain operating, planning and cybersecurity requirements on the bulk power systems of each utility. RF performs compliance audits on
entities registered with NERC based on reliability standards and criteria established by NERC. NERC and RF also conduct compliance investigations in response to a system disturbance, complaint, or possible violation of a reliability standard
identified by other means. Each of PHI’s utility subsidiaries are subject to routine audits and monitoring for compliance with applicable NERC reliability standards, including standards requested by FERC to increase the number of assets
designated as “critical assets” (including cybersecurity assets) subject to NERC’s cybersecurity standards. NERC is empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions for non-compliance with certain rules and
regulations. Energy Efficiency Initiatives Dynamic Pricing Dynamic pricing provides customers with
incentives to reward them for decreasing their energy use during peak energy demand periods, when energy demand and consequently, the cost of supplying electricity, are higher. PHI’s dynamic pricing rate structures, implemented in tandem with
PHI’s smart grid, provide customers with billing credits when they reduce their power usage in response to their utility’s request. Dynamic pricing programs include variable peak pricing and critical peak rebate programs. Dynamic pricing has been approved by the respective public service commissions and is in place for Pepco customers in Maryland and DPL customers in Maryland
and Delaware. As of December 31, 2014, approximately 468,000 Pepco customers in Maryland, 5,000 DPL customers in Maryland and 252,000 DPL customers in Delaware have participated in dynamic pricing programs. In February 2014, the DCPSC rejected Pepco’s proposal for dynamic pricing in the District of Columbia, but expressed interest in exploring dynamic
pricing rate structures in future proceedings. Dynamic pricing has not been approved by the NJBPU for ACE’s customers in New Jersey. Utility
Energy Efficiency Programs Each of Pepco, DPL and ACE has implemented the Energy Wise Rewards™ program, which allows participating customers to
reduce energy usage and costs by authorizing the utility to cycle their air conditioner compressors off and on during high energy demand periods. Customers participating in this program are eligible to receive a credit on their bill. Pepco and DPL
have also implemented a portfolio of energy efficiency programs designed to reduce energy consumption in Maryland, including appliance rebate and recycling, home energy check-ups, rebates on the purchase of energy efficiency equipment and services
and discounts on energy efficient light bulbs and lighting fixtures. The MPSC has approved a customer surcharge through 2015 to recover Pepco’s and DPL’s costs associated with these energy efficiency programs. 17 Table of Contents Pepco Energy Services Pepco Energy Services is engaged in the following: • Energy savings performance contracting business: designing, constructing and operating energy efficiency projects and distributed generation equipment, including combined heat and power plants, principally for federal,
state and local government customers; • Underground transmission and distribution business: providing underground transmission and distribution construction and maintenance services for electric utilities in North America; and • Thermal business: providing steam and chilled water under long-term contracts through systems owned and operated by Pepco Energy Services, primarily to hotel casinos in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The energy savings performance contracting business is highly competitive, and Pepco Energy Services competes with other energy services companies primarily
with respect to contracts with federal, state and local governments and independent agencies. Many of these energy services companies are subsidiaries of larger building controls and equipment providers or utility holding companies. Competitive
offerings include a wide range of electrical and thermal system upgrades, improved controls, and generation equipment such as combined heat and power units. Among the factors as to which companies in this business compete are the amount and duration
of the guarantees provided in energy savings performance contracts and the quality and value of service provided to customers. In connection with many of Pepco Energy Services’ energy savings performance contracts, Pepco Energy Services
provides performance guarantees, including guarantees of a certain level of energy savings. This business is affected by new entrants into the market, the financial strength of customers, governmental directives regarding energy efficiency, energy
prices, and general economic conditions. Pepco Energy Services’ backlog of construction contracts in this business decreased to $41 million at December 31, 2014 from $91 million at December 31, 2013. Pepco Energy Services estimates
that it will complete the construction contracts in its 2014 backlog during 2015. Most of Pepco Energy Services’ energy savings performance
contracts with federal, state and local governments, as well as those with independent agencies, such as housing and water authorities, contain provisions authorizing the governmental authority or independent agency to terminate the contract at any
time. Those provisions include explicit mechanisms which, if exercised, would require the other party to pay Pepco Energy Services for work performed through the date of termination and for additional costs incurred as a result of the termination. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, W.A. Chester, L.L.C., and its subsidiaries, Pepco Energy Services constructs and maintains underground transmission
and distribution projects for electric utilities in North America. W.A. Chester is one of the two largest North American contractors that specializes in the installation and maintenance of pipe-type cable systems, a technology that W.A. Chester
believes currently accounts for the majority of existing underground transmission circuit miles in North America. W.A. Chester’s primary competitor in the pipe-type cable system market is UTEC Constructors Corporation, and there are several
other contractors that do not specialize in this cable system but rather undertake installation projects on a more limited basis. W.A. Chester also competes in the market for the installation and maintenance of solid dielectric cable, which is a
relatively newer technology compared to pipe-type cable systems. The solid dielectric cable installation and maintenance market is highly competitive and composed of numerous different competitors, and the barriers to entry in this market are
relatively low. The principal factors for competition in both of these markets are price, experience, customer service and ability to handle a wide range of utility applications. W.A. Chester believes its competitive strengths in both of these
markets are the breadth of its experience in working with both technologies in various utility applications (including new installations, modifications, upgrades and maintenance of existing systems), its in-depth knowledge of the U.S. and Canadian
utility industries and utility customers’ needs, and its ability to manage successfully all phases of these projects for the 18 Table of Contents customer. W.A. Chester’s backlog of construction contracts increased to $104 million at December 31, 2014 from $84 million at December 31, 2013. W.A. Chester estimates that it will
complete $67 million of the construction contracts in its backlog in 2015 and $37 million in 2016. Revenues associated with Pepco Energy Services’
combined heat and power thermal generating facilities and operations in Atlantic City are derived from long-term contracts with a few major customers in the Atlantic City hotel and casino industry. The carrying amount of Pepco Energy Services’
long-lived assets in Atlantic City at December 31, 2014 totaled $2 million, after impairment losses aggregating $81 million that were recorded during the third and fourth quarters of 2014. In September 2014, two significant customers of these
thermal operations declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy. One of the customers closed operations in September 2014 and is seeking a buyer for its facility. The second customer announced that it would remain open in 2015 but that it could close operations
later this year if it is unable to lower its operating costs. At September 30, 2014, PHI performed impairment tests on asset groups comprising substantially all of the long-lived assets associated with its thermal operations in Atlantic City and
recorded an impairment loss of $53 million ($32 million after-tax) with respect to the most significant asset group (with a carrying amount, before the impairment loss, of $70 million at September 30, 2014). In light of recent developments regarding
future business prospects with the two significant customers that declared bankruptcy in September 2014 (including their rejection of Pepco Energy Services’ long-term thermal contracts during February 2015, as part of these customers’
bankruptcy proceedings) and the fact that two other significant customers of the thermal operations declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy in January 2015, Pepco Energy Services again performed impairment tests on asset groups comprising substantially all
of the long-lived assets associated with its thermal operations in Atlantic City at December 31, 2014. As a result, Pepco Energy Services recorded an additional impairment charge of $28 million ($16 million after-tax) in the fourth quarter of 2014
that was associated with the most significant asset group and another asset group. Future developments with respect to these and other customers in Atlantic City may require Pepco Energy Services to perform additional impairment analyses of the
thermal operations and certain related assets. If these assets are determined to be further impaired, Pepco Energy Services would reduce the carrying value of these assets by the amount of the impairment and record a corresponding non-cash charge to
earnings. Moreover, the contract rejections referred to above are expected to reduce Pepco Energy Services’ future earnings and cash flow associated with its thermal operations in Atlantic City. PHI guarantees the obligations of Pepco Energy Services under certain contracts in its energy savings performance contracting business and underground
transmission and distribution construction business. At December 31, 2014, PHI’s guarantees of Pepco Energy Services’ obligations under these contracts totaled $336 million. PHI also guarantees the obligations of Pepco Energy Services
under surety bonds obtained by Pepco Energy Services for construction projects. These guarantees totaled $185 million at December 31, 2014. During
2012, Pepco Energy Services deactivated its Buzzard Point and Benning Road oil-fired generation facilities. Pepco Energy Services is demolishing the Benning Road generation facility and realizing the scrap metal salvage value of the facility. The
demolition of the facility commenced in the fourth quarter of 2013 and is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2015. Pepco Energy Services is recognizing the salvage proceeds associated with the scrap metals at the facility as realized.
At December 31, 2014, Pepco Energy Services owned five renewable energy generating facilities, with an aggregate generating capacity of 17,400 KW. See Part I, Item 2. “Properties – Generating Facilities” for more
information about these facilities. Discontinued Operations Through its wholly owned subsidiary PCI, PHI maintained a portfolio of cross-border energy lease investments. During the third quarter of 2013, PHI completed
the termination of its interests in its cross-border energy lease investments. These activities, which previously comprised substantially all of the operations of the Other Non-Regulated segment, have been accounted for as discontinued operations.
The remaining operations of the Other Non-Regulated segment, which no longer meet the definition of a separate segment for financial reporting purposes, are included in Corporate and Other. Substantially all of the information in the notes to the
consolidated financial statements of PHI with respect to the cross-border energy lease investments has been consolidated in Note (20), “Discontinued Operations – Cross-Border Energy Lease Investments.” 19 Table of Contents In 2013, Pepco Energy Services completed a previously announced wind-down of its retail electric and retail
natural gas supply businesses. These operations are being accounted for as discontinued operations and are no longer a part of the Pepco Energy Services segment for financial reporting purposes. Substantially all of the information in the notes to
the consolidated financial statements of PHI with respect to Pepco Energy Services’ retail electric and retail natural gas supply businesses has been consolidated in Note (20), “Discontinued Operations – Retail Electric and Natural
Gas Supply Businesses of Pepco Energy Services.” Seasonality Power Delivery The operating results of Power
Delivery historically have been directly related to the volume of electricity delivered to its customers, producing higher revenues and net income during periods when customers consumed higher amounts of electricity (usually during periods of
extreme temperatures) and lower revenues and net income during periods when customers consumed lower amounts of electricity (usually during periods of mild temperatures). This has been due in part to the longstanding practice of tying the
distribution charges paid by customers to kilowatt-hours of electricity used. Because most of the costs associated with the distribution of electricity do not vary with the volume of electricity delivered, this pricing mechanism also contributed to
seasonal variations in net income. As a result of the implementation of a bill stabilization adjustment (BSA) for retail customers of Pepco and DPL in
Maryland and for customers of Pepco in the District of Columbia, distribution revenues from utility customers in these jurisdictions have been decoupled from the amount of electricity delivered. Under the BSA, utility customers pay an approved
distribution charge for their electric service which does not vary by electricity usage. This change has had the effect of aligning annual distribution revenues more closely with annual distribution costs. In addition, the change has had the effect
of eliminating changes in customer electricity usage, whether due to weather conditions or for any other reason, as a factor having an impact on annual distribution revenue and net income in those jurisdictions. The BSA also eliminates what
otherwise might be a disincentive for the utility to aggressively develop and promote efficiency programs. A comparable revenue decoupling mechanism proposed for DPL electricity and natural gas customers in Delaware is under consideration by the
DPSC although there was little activity in this matter in 2014. Distribution revenues are not decoupled for the distribution of electricity by ACE in New Jersey, and thus are subject to variability due to changes in customer consumption. In contrast to electricity distribution costs, the cost of the electricity supplied, which is the largest component of a customer’s bill, does vary
directly in relation to the volume of electricity used by a customer. Accordingly, whether or not a BSA is in effect for the jurisdiction, the revenues of Pepco, DPL and ACE from the supply of electricity and natural gas vary based on consumption
and on this basis are seasonal. Because the revenues received by each of the utility subsidiaries for the default supply of electricity and natural gas closely approximate the supply costs, the impact on net income is immaterial, and therefore is
not seasonal. Pepco Energy Services The
energy services business of Pepco Energy Services is not seasonal, except with respect to its thermal operations. The thermal operations of Pepco Energy Services provide steam and chilled water to customers year-round. Steam usage peaks during
months with colder temperatures and chilled water usage peaks during months with warmer temperatures. The rates charged customers adjust quarterly for the cost of natural gas used to produce steam and electricity used to produce chilled water. Pepco
Energy Services’ revenues and gross profit from its thermal operations will fluctuate based on the volumes of steam and chilled water delivered to customers. 20 Table of Contents Regulation The operations of PHI’s utility subsidiaries, including the rates and tariffs they are permitted to charge customers for the transmission and distribution
of electricity, and, in the case of DPL, the distribution and transportation of natural gas, are subject to regulation by governmental agencies in the jurisdictions in which the subsidiaries provide utility service as described above in “–
PHI’s Utility Subsidiaries.” Rates and tariffs are established by these regulatory commissions. As further described in Note (1),
“Organization,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI, on April 29, 2014, PHI entered into the Merger Agreement with Exelon and Merger Sub. Subject to certain exceptions, prior to the Merger or the termination of the Merger
Agreement, PHI and its subsidiaries may not, without the consent of Exelon, initiate, file or pursue any rate cases, other than pursuing the conclusion of certain proceedings, as described in Note (7), “Regulatory Matters – Rate
Proceedings,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI. In addition to the other regulatory matters described elsewhere in this section and
in Note (7), “Regulatory Matters,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI, provided below are summary descriptions of certain regulatory matters involving PHI’s utility subsidiaries. Mitigation of Regulatory Lag An important factor
in the ability of PHI’s utility subsidiaries to earn their authorized ROE is the willingness of applicable public service commissions to adequately address the shortfall in revenues in a utility’s rate structure due to the delay in time or
“lag” between when costs are incurred and when they are reflected in rates. This delay is commonly known as “regulatory lag.” Pepco, DPL and ACE are currently experiencing significant regulatory lag because investments in rate
base and operating expenses are increasing more rapidly than their revenue growth. In an effort to minimize the effects of regulatory lag, prior to the
initial execution of the Merger Agreement in April 2014, PHI’s utility subsidiaries had been filing electric distribution base rate cases every nine to twelve months in each of their jurisdictions, pursuing alternative ratemaking mechanisms,
evaluating potential reductions in planned capital expenditures, and discussing with the regulatory community and other stakeholders the changing regulatory model economics that are causing regulatory lag. As further described in Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – General
Overview – Agreement and Plan of Merger with Exelon Corporation,” PHI has entered into the Merger Agreement with Exelon and Merger Sub. Subject to certain exceptions, prior to the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement, PHI and
its subsidiaries may not, without the consent of Exelon, initiate, file or pursue any rate cases, other than concluding pending filings. Accordingly, with the exception of ongoing rate cases (see Note (7), “Regulatory Matters – Rate
Proceedings,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI), PHI’s efforts to mitigate regulatory lag have been delayed pending the closing of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement. MAPP Settlement Agreement For information about
the Mid-Atlantic Power Pathway (MAPP) settlement agreement, please refer to Note (7), “Regulatory Matters – MAPP Settlement Agreement,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI. 21 Table of Contents MPSC New Generation Contract Requirement For information about the MPSC new generation contract requirement, please refer to Note (7), “Regulatory Matters – MPSC New Generation Contract
Requirement,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI. ACE Standard Offer Capacity Agreements For information about the ACE Standard Offer Capacity Agreements, please refer to Note (7), “Regulatory Matters – ACE Standard Offer Capacity
Agreements,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI. Environmental Matters PHI, through its subsidiaries, is subject to regulation by various federal, regional, state, and local authorities with respect to the environmental effects of
its operations, including air and water quality control, solid and hazardous waste disposal, greenhouse gas emissions, and limitations on land use. In addition, federal and state statutes authorize governmental agencies to compel responsible parties
to clean up certain abandoned or unremediated hazardous waste sites. PHI’s subsidiaries may incur costs to clean up currently or formerly owned facilities or sites found to be contaminated, as well as other facilities or sites that may have
been contaminated due to past disposal practices. PHI’s subsidiaries may also be responsible for ongoing environmental remediation costs associated with facilities or operations that have been sold to third parties as further described in Note
(16), “Commitments and Contingencies – Environmental Matters – Conectiv Energy Wholesale Power Generation Sites,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI. PHI’s subsidiaries’ currently projected capital expenditures for the replacement of existing or installation of new environmental control facilities
that are necessary for compliance with environmental laws, rules or agency orders are approximately $13.0 million in 2015, $9.3 million in 2016, $4.3 million in 2017 and $2.4 million in 2018. The projections for these capital
expenditures could change depending on the outcome of the matters addressed below or as a result of the imposition of additional environmental requirements or new or different interpretations of existing environmental laws, rules and agency orders.
In view of the sale of PHI’s competitive wholesale power generation business in 2010 and the deactivation in 2012 of two generating facilities located in the District of Columbia owned by Pepco Energy Services, PHI is no longer significantly
affected by air quality and other environmental regulations applicable to electricity generating facilities. Air Quality Regulation The generating facilities owned by Pepco Energy Services were subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations, including the Federal Clean Air Act
(CAA), which limit emissions of air pollutants, require permits for operation of facilities and impose recordkeeping and reporting requirements. Following the June 2012 deactivation of Pepco Energy Services’ Buzzard Point and Benning Road
oil-fired generating facilities, both of which were considered major sources under the CAA, Pepco Energy Services received authorization in 2013 from the District Department of the Environment (DDOE) to exclude these major sources from the CAA Title
V operating permits. DDOE also agreed to transfer the CAA Title V operating permit covering the remaining minor sources (e.g., Pepco-operated emergency generators) to Pepco. Pepco has filed minor source permit applications with DDOE for these minor
sources. Greenhouse Gas Emissions Reporting In
October 2009, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) adopted regulations requiring sources that emit designated greenhouse gases – specifically, carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons, and other
fluorinated gases (e.g., nitrogen trifluoride and 22 Table of Contents hydrofluorinated ethers) – in excess of specified thresholds to file annual reports with EPA disclosing the amount of such emissions. Under these regulations: • By April 1 of each year, DPL is required to report with respect to its gas distribution operations CO 2 emissions that would result assuming the complete
combustion or oxidation of the annual volume of natural gas it distributed to its customers during the previous calendar year. In addition, DPL is required to report fugitive CO 2 and methane
emissions for its gas distribution operations for the previous calendar year. DPL’s liquefied natural gas storage facility does not meet the reporting threshold (25,000 metric tons) for fugitive emissions. • By April 1 of each year, Pepco, DPL and ACE are required to report sulfur hexafluoride emissions from electrical equipment for the previous calendar year. Water Quality Regulation Clean Water Act Provisions of the federal Water Pollution Control Act, also known as the Clean Water Act, establish the basic legal structure for regulating the
discharge of pollutants from point sources (generally confined, discrete conveyances such as pipes) to surface waters of the United States. Among other things, the Clean Water Act requires that any person wishing to discharge pollutants from a point
source obtain a National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES) permit issued by EPA or by a state agency under a federally authorized state program. Pepco holds a NPDES permit issued by EPA with a June 19, 2009 effective date, which authorizes discharges from the Benning Road facility, including the
now deactivated Pepco Energy Services generating facility located at that site. The 2009 permit imposed compliance monitoring and storm water best management practices to satisfy the District of Columbia’s Total Maximum Daily Load (TMDL)
standards for polychlorinated biphenyls, oil and grease, metals and other substances. As part of the implementation of the TMDL requirements, the permit also imposed numerical limits on certain substances in storm water discharges to the Anacostia
River. Quarterly monitoring results since the issuance of the permit have shown consistent exceedances of the limits for copper and zinc, as well as occasional exceedances for iron and lead. As required by the permit, Pepco initiated a study to
identify the potential sources of these regulated substances at the site and to determine appropriate best management practices for minimizing the presence of the substances in storm water discharges from the facility. The initial study report was
completed in May 2012. Pepco has completed the implementation of the first two phases of the best management practices recommended in the study report (consisting principally of installing metal absorbing filters to capture contaminants from storm
water flows, removing stored equipment from areas exposed to the weather, covering and painting exposed metal pipes, and covering and cleaning dumpsters). These measures have been effective in reducing metal concentrations in stormwater discharges;
however, additional measures will be required to be implemented by Pepco to reduce the concentrations to levels required by the permit. The NPDES permit
was due to expire on June 19, 2014. Pepco submitted a permit renewal application on December 17, 2013. In November 2014, EPA advised Pepco that it will not renew the permit until the Benning Road facility has come into compliance with the
existing permit limits. The current permit remains in effect pending EPA’s action on the renewal application. Pepco has prepared a plan to implement the third phase of the best management practices recommended in the study report with the
objective of achieving full compliance with the permit limits by the end of 2015. The plan was submitted to EPA on December 30, 2014, and Pepco has begun implementing those best practices in accordance with the plan. Pepco anticipates that EPA
may request that Pepco enter into an administrative compliance agreement with respect to the implementation of these additional control measures, and may seek administrative penalties for past noncompliance with the permit limits for metals in storm
water. Whether such penalties will be imposed and, if so, the amount of any such penalties, is not known or estimable at this time. At present, Pepco expects that compliance with the permit limits can be achieved through a 23 Table of Contents combination of enhanced storm drain inlet controls (filters and metal absorbing booms), enhanced site housekeeping, and enhanced inspection and maintenance of storm water controls. If these
measures are not adequate to achieve compliance with the permit limits, however, it is possible that a capital project to install a storm water treatment system may be required. The need for any such capital expenditures will not be known until
Pepco has implemented the third phase of the best management practices. EPA Oil Pollution Prevention Regulations Facilities that, because of their location, store or use oil and could reasonably be expected to discharge oil into water bodies or adjacent shorelines in
quantities that may be harmful to the environment are subject to EPA’s oil pollution prevention regulations. These regulations require entities to prepare and implement Spill Prevention, Control, and Countermeasure (SPCC) plans and specify
site-specific measures to prevent and respond to an oil discharge. The SPCC regulations generally require the use of containment and/or diversionary structures to prevent the discharge of oil in the event of a leak or release of oil at the facility.
As an alternative to the containment/diversionary structure requirement, owners of certain oil-filled operational equipment, such as electric system transformers, may comply with EPA’s regulations by implementing an inspection and monitoring
program, developing an oil spill contingency plan, and providing a written commitment of resources to control and remove any discharge of oil. Pepco, DPL and ACE are complying with the SPCC regulations by employing containment/diversionary
structures and by means of inspection and monitoring measures, in each case where such measures have been determined to be appropriate. Total costs of complying with these regulations in 2014 for Pepco, DPL and ACE collectively were approximately
$7.4 million. PHI projects total expenditures of approximately $29.0 million over the next five years for its subsidiaries to comply with these regulations, as shown in the capital expenditure projection set forth in “Environmental
Matters” above, all of which are to install additional containment facilities and to replace certain oil-filled breakers with gas-filled breakers to eliminate the possibility of an oil release from such equipment. Compliance costs for Pepco
Energy Services have not been material, and PHI does not expect that they will become material in the foreseeable future. EPA Coal Combustion
Residuals Regulations In December 2014, EPA issued new regulations regarding coal combustion residuals, commonly known as coal ash, from coal-fired
power plants. These regulations govern risks associated with coal ash disposal and establish recordkeeping and reporting requirements. The regulations also support the responsible recycling of coal ash by distinguishing safe and beneficial uses from
disposal. The regulations do not apply to inactive ash landfills that cease receiving coal ash prior to the effective date of the regulations, which will
be six months after they are published in the Federal Register . Accordingly, the new regulations will not apply to PHI’s Edge Moor landfill, which was retained in the sale of the Conectiv Energy wholesale power generation business to
Calpine Corporation in 2010. PHI also does not expect that these regulations will necessitate any changes to Pepco’s technical closure plan for the right-of-way that traverses the Brandywine fly ash disposal site in Brandywine, Prince
George’s County, Maryland, because the technical closure plan is designed to comply with the more stringent Maryland landfill closure requirements. Hazardous Substance Regulation The Comprehensive
Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (CERCLA) authorizes EPA, and comparable state laws authorize state environmental authorities, to issue orders and bring enforcement actions to compel responsible parties to investigate
and take remedial actions at any site that is determined to present an actual or potential threat to human health or the environment because of an actual or threatened release of one or more hazardous substances. Parties that generated or
transported hazardous substances to such sites, as well as the owners and operators of such sites, may be deemed liable under CERCLA or comparable state laws. Each of Pepco, DPL and ACE has been named 24 Table of Contents by EPA or a state environmental agency as a potentially responsible party in pending proceedings involving certain contaminated sites. For additional information on these matters, see Part II,
Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Capital Resources and Liquidity – Capital Requirements – Environmental Remediation Obligations,” and Note (16),
“Commitments and Contingencies – Environmental Matters,” to the consolidated financial statements of PHI. Employees At December 31, 2014, PHI had the following employees: In Collective Bargaining Agreements Non- union International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers International Union of Operating Engineers Other Total Pepco 385 1,116 — — 1,501 DPL 233 650 — — 883 ACE 184 361 — — 545 Pepco Energy Services 140 209 37 31 417 PHI Service Company and Other 1,432 347 — — 1,779 Total PHI Employees 2,374 2,683 37 31 5,125 PHI’s utility subsidiaries are parties to five collective bargaining agreements with four local unions. Collective
bargaining agreements are generally renegotiated every three to five years. All of these collective bargaining agreements were renegotiated in 2014 and were extended through various dates ranging from October 2018 through June 2020. 25 Table of Contents Executive Officers of PHI The names of the executive officers of PHI, their ages and the positions they held as of February 26, 2015, are set forth in the following table. The
business experience of each executive officer during at least the past five years is set forth adjacent to his or her name under the heading “Office and Length of Service” in the following table and in the applicable footnote. Name Age Office and Length of Service Joseph M. Rigby 58 Chairman of the Board 5/09 - Present, President 3/08 - Present, and Chief Executive Officer 3/09 - Present (1) David M. Velazquez 55 Executive Vice President 3/09 - Present (2) Kevin C. Fitzgerald 52 Executive Vice President and General Counsel 9/12 - Present (3) Frederick J. Boyle 57 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 4/12 - Present (4) Kenneth J. Parker 52 Senior Vice President, Government Affairs and Corporate Citizenship 9/12 - Present (5) Thomas H. Graham 54 Vice President 8/13 - Present
(6) Ronald K. Clark 59 Vice President and Controller 8/05 - Present Laura L. Monica 58 Vice President 8/11 - Present
(7) Hallie M. Reese 51 Vice President, PHI Service Company 5/05 - Present John U. Huffman 55 President 6/06 - Present, and Chief Executive Officer, Pepco Energy Services, Inc. 3/09 - Present (8) (1) Mr. Rigby was Chief Operating Officer of PHI from September 2007 until February 28, 2009 and Executive Vice President of PHI from September 2007 until March 2008, Senior Vice President of PHI from August 2002
until September 2007 and Chief Financial Officer of PHI from May 2004 until September 2007. Mr. Rigby was President and Chief Executive Officer of Pepco, DPL and ACE from September 1, 2007 to February 28, 2009. Mr. Rigby has been
Chairman of Pepco, DPL and ACE since March 1, 2009. Since October 10, 2014, Mr. Rigby has served as a director of Dominion Midstream GP, LLC, the general partner of Dominion Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE: DM), a publicly-traded limited
partnership. On April 29, 2014, PHI entered into that certain Employment Extension Agreement with Mr. Rigby, which extended the term of his employment as PHI’s President and Chief Executive Officer for a period beginning on
January 1, 2015 and ending on the first to occur of (1) April 29, 2016, (2) the closing date of the Merger or (3) the date that is six months after the Merger Agreement is terminated. (2) Mr. Velazquez served as President of Conectiv Energy Holding Company, formerly an affiliate of PHI, from June 2006 to February 28, 2009, Chief Executive Officer of Conectiv Energy Holding Company from January
2007 to February 28, 2009 and Chief Operating Officer of Conectiv Energy Holding Company from June 2006 to December 2006. (3) Mr. Fitzgerald joined PHI in September 2012 as Executive Vice President and General Counsel. From 1997 to 2012, he was a partner with the law firm of Troutman Sanders, LLP in Washington, D.C. Mr. Fitzgerald was Managing
Partner of that firm’s Washington, D.C. office from 1999 until 2010 and Executive Partner for Client Development Strategic Planning from 2010 to September 2012. 26 Table of Contents (4) Mr. Boyle joined PHI in April 2012 as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to such time, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of DPL Inc. and its wholly owned utility
subsidiary, The Dayton Power and Light Company, from December 2010 until its acquisition in 2011. He served as Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of both companies from May 2009 to December 2010, Senior Vice President,
Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Controller of both companies from December 2008 to May 2009, Vice President, Finance, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of both companies from June 2008 to November 2008, Vice President, Chief Accounting
Officer and Controller of both companies from July 2007 to June 2008, and Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of both companies from June 2006 to July 2007. (5) Mr. Parker became Senior Vice President, Government Affairs and Corporate Citizenship in September 2012. From June 2009 to September 2012, he served as Vice President of Public Policy of PHI. From March 2005 to
June 2009, he served as the ACE Region President. (6) Mr. Graham became Vice President, People Strategy and Human Resources, in August 2013. From March 2005 to August 2013, he served as the Pepco Region President. (7) Ms. Monica joined PHI in August 2011 as Vice President, Corporate Communications. From October 2006 to October 2010, Ms. Monica was Senior Vice President, Corporate Communications at American Water Works
Company, Inc. (NYSE: AWK), and from September 1991 to October 2006, Ms. Monica was President of High Point Communications, a strategic communications firm. Ms. Monica rejoined High Point Communications as President from October 2010 to
August 2011. (8) Mr. Huffman has been employed by Pepco Energy Services since June 2003. He was Chief Operating Officer from April 2006 to February 28, 2009, Senior Vice President from February 2005 to March 2006 and Vice
President from June 2003 to February 2005. Each PHI executive officer is elected annually and serves until his or her respective successor
has been elected and qualified or his or her earlier resignation or removal. Investor Information Each Reporting Company maintains an Internet web site, at the Internet address listed below: Reporting Company Internet Address PHI http://www.pepcoholdings.com Pepco http://www.pepco.com DPL http://www.delmarva.com ACE http://www.atlanticcityelectric.com Each Reporting Company files reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act. Copies of the Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, of each Reporting Company are routinely made available free of charge on PHI’s Internet Web site (http://www.pepcoholdings.com/investors) as soon as
reasonably practicable after such documents are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. PHI recognizes its website as a key channel of distribution to reach public investors and as a means of disclosing material non-public information to
comply with each Reporting Company’s disclosure obligations under SEC Regulation FD. The information contained on the web sites listed above shall not be deemed incorporated into, or to be part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and any web
site references included herein are not intended to be made through active hyperlinks. 27 Table of Contents Item 1A. RISK FACTORS The businesses of each Reporting Company are subject to numerous risks and
uncertainties, including the events or conditions identified below. The occurrence of one or more of these events or conditions could have an adverse effect on the business of any one or more of the Reporting Companies, including, depending on the
circumstances, its financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Unless otherwise noted, each risk factor set forth below applies to each Reporting Company. PHI’s utility subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive regulation which significantly affects their operations. PHI’s utility subsidiaries may
be subject to fines, penalties and other sanctions for the inability to meet these requirements. The regulated utilities that comprise Power Delivery
are subject to extensive regulation by various federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Each of Pepco, DPL and ACE is regulated by the state agencies for each service territory in which it operates, with respect to, among other things, the
manner in which utility service is provided to customers, as well as rates it can charge customers for the distribution and supply of electricity (and, additionally for DPL, the distribution and supply of natural gas). NERC has also established, and
FERC has approved, reliability standards with regard to the bulk power system that impose certain operating, planning and cyber security requirements on Pepco, DPL, ACE and Pepco Energy Services. Further, FERC regulates the electricity transmission
facilities of Pepco, DPL and ACE. Approval of these regulators is required in connection with changes in rates and other aspects of the utilities’
operations. These regulatory authorities, and NERC with respect to electric reliability, are empowered to impose financial penalties, fines and other sanctions including setting rates at a level that may be inadequate to permit recovery of costs
against the utilities for non-compliance with certain rules and regulations. In this regard, in December 2011, the MPSC sanctioned Pepco related to its reliability in connection with major storm events that occurred in July and August 2010. These
sanctions included imposing a fine on Pepco and requiring Pepco to file a work plan detailing, among other things, its reliability improvement objectives and progress in meeting those objectives, while raising the possibility of additional fines or
cost recovery disallowances for failing to meet those objectives. NERC’s eight regional oversight entities, including RF, of which Pepco, DPL, ACE
and Pepco Energy Services are members, and the Northeast Power Coordinating Council (NPCC), of which Pepco Energy Services is a member, are charged with the day-to-day implementation and enforcement of NERC’s standards. RF and NPCC perform
compliance audits on entities registered with NERC based on reliability standards and criteria established by NERC. NERC, RF and NPCC also conduct compliance investigations in response to a system disturbance, complaint, or possible violation of a
reliability standard identified by other means. Pepco, DPL, ACE and Pepco Energy Services are subject to routine audits and monitoring with respect to compliance with applicable NERC reliability standards, including standards requested by FERC to
increase the number of assets (including cyber security assets) subject to NERC cyber security standards that are designated as “critical assets.” From time to time, Pepco, DPL and ACE have entered into settlement agreements with RF
resolving alleged violations and resulting in fines. There can be no assurance that additional settlements resolving issues related to RF or NPCC requirements will not occur in the future. The imposition of additional sanctions and civil fines by
these enforcement entities could have a material adverse effect on a Reporting Company’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. PHI’s utility subsidiaries, as well as Pepco Energy Services, are also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from governmental
agencies that regulate their businesses. Although PHI believes that each of its subsidiaries has, and each of Pepco, DPL and ACE believes it has, obtained or sought renewal of the material permits, approvals and certificates necessary for its
existing operations and that its business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws, PHI is unable to predict the impact that future regulatory activities may have on its business. Changes in or reinterpretations of existing laws or
regulations, or the imposition of new laws or regulations, may require any one or more of PHI’s subsidiaries to incur additional expenses or significant capital expenditures or to change the way it conducts its operations. 28 Table of Contents PHI’s profitability is largely dependent on its ability to recover costs of providing utility services to
its customers and to earn an adequate return on its capital investments. The failure of PHI’s utility subsidiaries to obtain timely recognition of costs in rates may have a negative effect on PHI’s results of operations and financial
condition. The regulatory authorities that regulate PHI’s utility subsidiaries establish utility rates and tariffs intended to provide each
utility the opportunity to obtain revenues sufficient to recover its prudently incurred costs, together with a reasonable return on investor supplied capital. These regulatory authorities also determine how Pepco, DPL and ACE recover from their
customers purchased power and natural gas and other operating costs, including transmission and other costs. The utilities cannot change their rates without approval by the applicable regulatory authority. There can be no assurance that the
regulatory authorities will consider all costs to have been prudently incurred, nor can there be any assurance that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full and timely recovery of costs or a
just and reasonable rate of return on investments. In addition, if the costs incurred by any of the utilities in operating its business exceed the amounts on which its approved rates are based, the financial results of that utility, and
correspondingly PHI, may be adversely affected. For example, PHI’s utility subsidiaries are exposed to “regulatory lag,” which refers to a
shortfall in revenues in a utility’s rate structure due to the delay in time or “lag” between when costs are incurred and when they are reflected in rates. All of PHI’s utilities are currently experiencing significant regulatory
lag because their investments in rate base and operating expenses are increasing more rapidly than their revenue growth. PHI anticipates that this trend will continue for the foreseeable future. Prior to PHI’s initial execution of the Merger Agreement in April 2014, in an effort to minimize the effects of regulatory lag, PHI’s utility
subsidiaries had been filing electric distribution base rate cases every nine to twelve months in each of their jurisdictions, pursuing alternative ratemaking mechanisms, evaluating potential reductions in planned capital expenditures, and
discussing with the regulatory community and other stakeholders the changing regulatory model economics that are causing regulatory lag. Subject to certain exceptions, prior to the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement, PHI and its
subsidiaries may not, without the consent of Exelon, initiate, file or pursue any rate cases, other than concluding pending filings. Any inability of PHI’s utility subsidiaries to mitigate regulatory lag could have a material adverse effect on
PHI’s and each utility subsidiary’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. The operating results of Power
Delivery fluctuate on a seasonal basis and can be adversely affected by changes in weather. The Power Delivery business historically has been
seasonal and, as a result, weather has had a material impact on its operating performance. Demand for electricity is generally higher in the summer months associated with cooling and demand for electricity and natural gas is generally higher in the
winter months associated with heating as compared to other times of the year. Accordingly, each of PHI, Pepco, DPL and ACE historically has generated less revenue and income when temperatures are warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer. In
addition, severe weather conditions can produce storms that cause extensive damage to the transmission and distribution systems, as well as related facilities, that can require the utilities to incur additional operation and maintenance expense, as
well as capital expenditures. These additional costs can be significant and the rates charged to customers may not always be timely or adequately adjusted to reflect these higher costs. 29 Table of Contents In the District of Columbia and Maryland, Pepco and DPL are subject to a bill stabilization adjustment mechanism
applicable to retail customers, which decouples distribution revenue for a given reporting period from the amount of power delivered during the period. The bill stabilization mechanism has the effect in those jurisdictions of reducing the impact of
changes in the use of electricity by retail customers due to weather conditions or for other reasons on reported distribution revenue and income. A comparable revenue decoupling mechanism for DPL electricity and natural gas customers in Delaware is
under consideration by the DPSC. In those jurisdictions that have not adopted a bill stabilization adjustment or similar mechanism, operating results continue to be affected by weather conditions. Facilities and related systems may not operate as planned or may require significant capital or operation and maintenance expenditures, which could
decrease revenues or increase expenses. Operation of the Pepco, DPL and ACE transmission and distribution facilities and related systems involves
many risks, including: the breakdown or failure of equipment; accidents; labor disputes; theft of copper wire or pipe; failure of computer systems, software or hardware; and performance below expected levels. Older facilities, systems and equipment,
even if maintained in accordance with sound engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures for additions or upgrades to provide reliable operations or to comply with changing environmental requirements. Thefts of copper wire or
pipe, which seek to capitalize on the current high market price of copper, increase the likelihood of poor system voltage control, electricity and streetlight outages, damage to equipment and property, and injury or death, as well as increasing the
likelihood of damage to fuel lines, which can create an unsafe and potentially explosive condition. Natural disasters and weather, including tornadoes, hurricanes and snow and ice storms, also can disrupt transmission and distribution systems.
Disruption of the operation of transmission or distribution facilities and related systems can reduce revenues and result in the incurrence of additional expenses that may not be recoverable from customers or through insurance. Upgrades and improvements to computer systems and networks may require substantial amounts of management’s time and financial resources to complete, and
may also result in system or network defects or operational errors due to employees’ inexperience of using a new or upgraded system. In January 2015, PHI’s utility subsidiaries implemented an integrated customer billing and information
management system to replace separate existing legacy customer billing and information systems. There can be no assurance that this new system will not cause disruptions to the utility subsidiaries’ operations, which disruptions, if not
anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could harm their business (individually or collectively) and have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In connection with the replacement of certain customers’ existing electric and natural gas meters with smart meters as part of the AMI system, Pepco and
DPL were required to construct a wireless network across certain of their service territories and to implement and integrate new and existing information technology systems to collect and manage data made available by the smart meters and the AMI
system. The implementation of the AMI system involves a combination of technologies provided by multiple vendors. If the AMI system results in lower than projected performance, PHI’s utility subsidiaries could experience higher than anticipated
maintenance expenditures. Energy companies are subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make them vulnerable to negative customer
perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other sanctions. Utility companies, including PHI’s utility subsidiaries, have a
large consumer customer base and as a result have been the subject of public criticism focused on the reliability of their distribution services and the speed with which they are able to respond to outages caused by storm damage or other
unanticipated events. Adverse publicity of this nature may render legislatures and other governing bodies, public service commissions and other regulatory authorities, and government officials less likely to view energy companies such as PHI and its
subsidiaries in a favorable light, and may cause PHI and its subsidiaries to 30 Table of Contents be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent regulatory requirements. Unfavorable regulatory outcomes can
include the enactment of more stringent laws and regulations governing PHI’s operations, such as reliability and customer service quality standards or vegetation management requirements, as well as fines, penalties or other sanctions or
requirements. The imposition of any of the foregoing could have a material negative impact on PHI’s and each utility subsidiary’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Unfavorable regulatory developments and compliance with new or more rigorous regulatory requirements may subject PHI’s utility subsidiaries to higher
operating costs. PHI’s utility subsidiaries are subject to and will continue to be subject to changing regulatory requirements, including those
related to reliability and customer service, in the various jurisdictions in which they operate. For example, in 2012, the MPSC adopted rules establishing reliability and customer service requirements. In April 2014, DPL filed a corrective action
plan with the MPSC to address noncompliance in 2013 with certain of these reliability requirements. DPL expects to file an annual report in April 2015 indicating that it has not complied with certain of these requirements for 2014. In addition, in
July 2011, the DCPSC adopted regulations that establish specific maximum outage frequency and outage duration levels beginning in 2013 and continuing through 2020 and thereafter and are intended to require Pepco to achieve a reliability level in the
first quartile of all utilities in the nation by 2020. The reliability standards permit Pepco to petition the DCPSC to reevaluate these standards for the period from 2016 to 2020 to address feasibility and cost issues. Each of Pepco and DPL may incur significant operating and maintenance and capital expenses to comply with these requirements. Furthermore, each of Pepco and
DPL would be subject to civil penalties or other sanctions if it does not meet the required performance or reliability standards. Other jurisdictions in which PHI’s utility subsidiaries have operations have already adopted or may in the future
adopt reliability and customer service quality standards, the violation of which could also result in the imposition of penalties, fines and other sanctions. Compliance, and any failure to comply, with current, proposed or future regulatory
requirements may have a material adverse effect on PHI and each utility subsidiary’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. The resolution of tax matters involving PHI’s former cross-border energy lease investments may have a material negative impact on PHI’s results
of operations and financial condition. (PHI only). Prior to July 2013, a wholly owned subsidiary of PHI had maintained a portfolio of cross-border
energy lease investments involving public utility assets located outside of the United States, which investments were terminated during the third quarter of 2013 prior to the expiration date of the leases. The aggregate financial impact to PHI of
the completion of these early terminations resulted in a pre-tax loss, including transaction costs, of approximately $3 million ($2 million after-tax) for the year ended December 31, 2013. These cross-border energy lease investments, each of which was with a tax-indifferent party, have been under examination by the IRS as part of normal PHI
federal income tax audits. In connection with the audits of PHI’s federal income tax returns from 2001 to 2008, the IRS disallowed the depreciation and interest deductions in excess of rental income claimed by PHI with respect to its
cross-border energy lease investments. In addition, the IRS has sought to recharacterize the leases as loan transactions. In January 2012, PHI commenced litigation in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims regarding the disallowance of certain tax
benefits claimed by PHI on its federal tax returns for 2001 and 2002. 31 Table of Contents In January 2013, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit issued an opinion in an unrelated case that
disallowed tax benefits associated with a lease-in, lease-out transaction. After analyzing this ruling, in the first quarter of 2013, PHI determined that its tax position with respect to the tax benefits associated with its cross-border energy
leases no longer met the more-likely-than-not standard of recognition for accounting purposes. Accordingly, PHI recorded non-cash charges of $383 million (after-tax) in the first half of 2013, consisting of a non-cash charge to reduce the carrying
value of the cross-border energy lease investments and a non-cash charge to reflect the anticipated additional interest expense related to changes in estimated federal and state income tax obligations for the period over which the tax benefits may
be disallowed. After consideration of certain tax benefits arising from matters unrelated to these lease investments, PHI estimated that, as of
March 31, 2013, it would have been obligated to pay approximately $192 million in additional federal and state taxes and approximately $50 million of interest on the additional federal and state taxes. In order to mitigate PHI’s ongoing
interest costs associated with the $242 million estimate of additional taxes and interest, PHI made an advanced payment to the IRS of $242 million in the first quarter of 2013. While PHI presently believes that it is more likely than not that no
penalty will be incurred, the IRS could require PHI to pay a penalty of up to 20% of the amount of additional taxes due. In order to mitigate the cost of continued litigation related to the cross-border energy lease investments, PHI and its
subsidiaries have entered into discussions with the IRS with the intention of seeking a settlement of all tax issues for open tax years 2001 through 2011, including the cross-border energy lease issue. PHI currently believes that it is possible that
a settlement with the IRS may be reached in 2015. If a settlement of all tax issues or a standalone settlement on the cross-border energy leases is not reached, PHI may move forward with its litigation with the IRS. Further discovery in the case is
stayed until March 19, 2015, pursuant to an order issued by the court on December 2, 2014. Given the uncertainties associated with PHI’s
litigation with the IRS, as well as with other efforts by PHI to address and resolve tax matters associated with its former cross-border energy leases in tax years not subject to this litigation, the aggregate financial impact, and timing of the
resolution, of all of these matters cannot be determined presently; however, PHI presently believes that any such impact on PHI’s consolidated results of operations and financial condition could be material. Power Delivery’s transmission facilities are interconnected with the facilities of other transmission facility owners. Failures of neighboring
transmission systems could have a negative impact on Power Delivery’s operations. The electricity transmission facilities of Pepco, DPL and ACE
are interconnected with the transmission facilities of neighboring utilities and are part of the interstate power transmission grid. Pepco, DPL and ACE are members of the PJM RTO, a regional transmission organization that operates the portion of the
interstate transmission grid that includes the PHI transmission facilities. Although PJM’s systems and operations are designed to ensure the reliable operation of the transmission grid and prevent the operations of one utility from having an
adverse impact on the operations of the other utilities, there can be no assurance that service interruptions originating at other utilities will not cause interruptions in the Pepco, DPL or ACE service territories. Thus, due to the interconnected
nature of the interstate power transmission grid, an outage in a neighboring utility could trigger a system outage in either Pepco, DPL or ACE. If Pepco, DPL or ACE were to suffer such a service interruption, it could have a negative impact on its
and PHI’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Changes in technology, distributed generation and conservation
measures may adversely affect Power Delivery. Increased conservation and end-user generation made possible through current or future advances in
technology, such as through fuel and solar (photovoltaic) cells, wind power and microturbines, could reduce demand for the transmission and distribution facilities of Power Delivery and adversely affect the results of operations of PHI and one or
more of its utility subsidiaries. Alternative technologies that 32 Table of Contents produce electricity, the development of which has expanded due to climate change and other environmental concerns, could ultimately provide alternative sources of electricity and permit current
customers to adopt distributed generation systems which would allow them to generate electricity for their own use. As these and other technologies are created, developed and improved, the quantity and frequency of electricity usage by customers
could decline, which could have a negative impact on the business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of PHI or its utility subsidiaries. The cost of compliance with environmental laws is significant and implementation of new and existing environmental laws may increase operating costs. The operations of PHI’s subsidiaries are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air
quality, water quality, spill prevention, waste management, natural resource protection, site remediation, greenhouse gas emissions and health and safety. These laws and regulations may require significant capital and other expenditures to, among
other things, meet emissions and effluent standards, conduct site remediation, complete environmental studies and perform environmental monitoring. If a company fails to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations, even if caused by
factors beyond its control, such failure could result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities and the need to expend significant sums to achieve compliance. In addition, PHI’s subsidiaries are required to obtain and comply with a variety of environmental permits, licenses, inspections and other approvals. If
there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approval, or if there is a failure to obtain, maintain or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be halted or subjected to additional costs. Failure to retain and attract key skilled and properly motivated professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on operations. PHI and its subsidiaries operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated systems and technology. One of the
challenges they face in implementing their business strategy is to attract, motivate and retain a skilled, efficient and cost-effective workforce while recruiting new talent to replace losses in knowledge and skills due to retirements. Over the
course of the next three years, PHI estimates that approximately one-third of this skilled workforce will reach retirement age. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability to attract and retain these employees,
especially as existing skilled workers retire in the near future, could adversely affect the business, operations and financial condition of PHI or the affected company. PHI’s subsidiaries are subject to collective bargaining agreements that could impact their business and operations. As of December 31, 2014, 54% of employees of PHI and its subsidiaries, collectively, were represented by various labor unions. PHI’s utility
subsidiaries are parties to five collective bargaining agreements with four local unions that represent these employees. Collective bargaining agreements are generally renegotiated every three to five years, and the risk exists that there could be a
work stoppage after expiration of an agreement until a new collective bargaining agreement has been reached. All of these collective bargaining agreements were renegotiated in 2014. Labor negotiations typically involve bargaining over wages,
benefits and working conditions, including management rights. Although PHI believes that protracted work stoppages are unlikely, such an event could result in a disruption of the operations of the affected utility, which could, in turn, have a
material adverse effect upon the business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of the affected utility and PHI. 33 Table of Contents Pepco Energy Services’ thermal business in Atlantic City, New Jersey is exposed to customer
concentration, and the loss of one or more of its significant customers would have a material adverse effect on Pepco Energy Services’ results of operations and cash flow. (PHI only) Revenues associated with Pepco Energy Services’ combined heat and power thermal generating facilities and operations in Atlantic City are derived from
long-term contracts with a few major customers in the Atlantic City hotel and casino industry, some of which are experiencing significant financial difficulties and have closed or have contemplated closing operations. During 2014, PHI performed
impairment tests on the most significant asset groups comprising these facilities and operations and recorded impairment losses of $81 million ($48 million after-tax) with respect to the two most significant asset groups. Two significant thermal
business customers declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy in September 2014, and in February 2015, rejected Pepco Energy Services’ long-term thermal contracts as part of these customers’ bankruptcy proceedings. These contract rejections are
expected to reduce Pepco Energy Services’ future earnings and cash flow associated with its thermal operations in Atlantic City and further reductions in future earnings and cash flows may occur if Pepco Energy Services’ thermal customers
continue to experience financial difficulties. Under its energy savings performance contracts, Pepco Energy Services is responsible for maintaining,
repairing and replacing energy equipment, which obligations may require Pepco Energy Services to incur significant costs many years after an installation of a project is completed. (PHI only) Pepco Energy Services owns energy equipment and is also responsible for operating and maintaining additional energy equipment that it does not own. In
addition, it is generally Pepco Energy Services’ responsibility to repair or replace this energy equipment in the event of a failure. These equipment maintenance, repair and replacement obligations could be material and could adversely affect
PHI’s results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Pepco Energy Services’ obligations in connection with its combined heat and
power construction projects, energy savings construction projects and energy savings performance contracts may have a material adverse effect on PHI. (PHI only) Pepco Energy Services has undertaken projects which include design, construction, startup and testing activities related to combined heat and power and energy
savings construction projects, pursuant to guaranteed maximum price or fixed-price contracts. Pepco Energy Services will generally secure commitments from subcontractors and vendors to perform within contract pricing commitments,
equipment-performance standards, jobsite safety requirements, and other key parameters. Under a number of these projects, the customer of Pepco Energy Services has required Pepco Energy Services to obtain surety bonds securing the performance of
Pepco Energy Services, or its subcontractors or vendors. PHI has been required to guarantee the performance of Pepco Energy Services under the surety bonds and certain of these construction contracts. PHI also guarantees the obligations of Pepco
Energy Services under certain of its energy savings performance contracts. At December 31, 2014, PHI’s guarantees of Pepco Energy Services’ obligations under its energy savings performance, combined heat and power, and construction
contracts totaled $336 million, and PHI’s guarantees of Pepco Energy Services’ obligations under surety bonds for construction projects totaled $185 million. 34 Table of Contents As a result, PHI may bear responsibility in the event of unexcused failures by Pepco Energy Services or its
subcontractors or vendors to perform in accordance with the terms of these contracts, or if the customer does not realize the energy savings provided for in a performance contract. When such events occur, Pepco Energy Services and PHI may experience
reputational harm and claims for money damages and other relief that may be sought in connection with such contracts, guarantees and surety bonds, which could, depending upon the nature of the claim and the amount of damages or other relief sought,
have a material adverse effect upon Pepco Energy Services’ and PHI’s business, results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. If
PHI is not successful in mitigating the risks inherent in its business, its operations could be adversely affected. PHI and its subsidiaries are
faced with a number of different types of risk. PHI confronts legislative, regulatory policy, compliance and other risks, including: • PHI’s inability to timely recover capital and operating costs, which may result in a shortfall in revenues; • resource planning and other long-term planning risks, including resource acquisition risks, which may hinder PHI’s ability to maintain adequate resources; • financial risks, including credit, interest rate and capital market risks, which could increase the cost of capital or make raising capital more difficult; and • macroeconomic risks, and risks related to economic conditions and changes in demand for electricity and natural gas in the service territories of PHI’s utility subsidiaries (including changes due to or in
connection with the loss of one or more commercial customers of a utility subsidiary), as well as with respect to Pepco Energy Services’ business, which could negatively impact the operations of the affected business. PHI management seeks to mitigate the risks inherent in the implementation of PHI’s business strategy through its established risk mitigation process,
which includes adherence to PHI’s business policies and other compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and groups, and overall business management. PHI management is responsible for identifying, assessing and managing
risks, and developing risk-management strategies, while the Board of Directors and its various committees oversee the assessment, management and mitigation of risk. However, there can be no assurance these risk mitigation efforts will adequately
address all such risks or that such efforts will be successful, and a failure to successfully identify, assess, manage or mitigate such risks may have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations, cash flow or financial condition
of one or more of the Reporting Companies. PHI and its subsidiaries are exposed to contractual and credit risks associated with certain of their
operations. PHI and its subsidiaries are subject to a number of contractual and credit risks associated with certain of their operations. To mitigate
contractual or credit risk, PHI or a subsidiary may give to or receive from the counterparty collateral or other types of performance assurance, which may be in the form of cash, letters of credit or parent guarantees, to protect against performance
and credit risk. Even where collateral is provided, capital market disruptions, the lowered rating or insolvency of the issuer or guarantor, changes in the power supply other market prices and other events may prevent a party from being able to meet
its obligations or may degrade the value of collateral, letters of credit and guarantees, and the collateral, guarantee or other performance assurance provided may prove insufficient to protect against all losses that a party may ultimately suffer.
In the event of a bankruptcy of a counterparty to any contract to which PHI or any of its subsidiaries is a party, bankruptcy law, in some circumstances, could require the surrender of collateral or other guarantees held or payments received. 35 Table of Contents Business operations could be adversely affected by terrorism and cyber attacks. The threat of, or actual acts of, terrorism or cyber attacks may affect the operations of PHI and its subsidiaries in unpredictable ways and may cause changes
in the insurance markets, force an increase in security measures and cause electrical disruptions or disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, including natural gas. Utility industry operations require the continued deployment and utilization of
sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. While PHI has implemented protective measures designed to mitigate its vulnerability to physical and cyber threats and attacks, such protective measures, and technology systems
generally, are vulnerable to disability or failure due to cyber attack, acts of war or terrorism, and other causes. As a result, there can be no assurance that such protective measures will be completely effective in protecting PHI’s
infrastructure or assets from a physical or cyber attack or the effects thereof. If any of Pepco’s, DPL’s or ACE’s infrastructure facilities, including their transmission or distribution facilities, were to be a direct target, or an
indirect casualty, of an act of terrorism or a cyber attack, the operations of PHI, Pepco, DPL or ACE could be adversely affected. Furthermore, any threats or actions that negatively impact the physical security of the facilities of PHI or its
subsidiaries, or the integrity or security of their computer networks and systems (and any programs or data stored thereon or therein), could adversely affect the ability of PHI or its subsidiaries to manage these facilities, networks, systems,
programs and data efficiently or effectively, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s or its subsidiaries’ results of operations and financial condition. In addition, any theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer,
stockholder, employee or proprietary data as a result of a cyber attack or otherwise could subject PHI or its subsidiaries to significant litigation, liability and costs, as well as adversely impact PHI’s or its utility subsidiaries’
reputation with customers, stockholders and regulators, among others. Corresponding instability in the financial markets as a result of threats or acts of terrorism or threatened or actual cyber attacks also could adversely affect the ability of PHI
or its subsidiaries to raise needed capital. New accounting standards or changes to existing accounting standards could materially impact how a
Reporting Company reports its results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Each Reporting Company’s financial statements are
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The SEC, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) or other authoritative bodies or
governmental entities may issue new pronouncements or new interpretations of existing accounting standards that may require the Reporting Companies to change their accounting policies. These changes are beyond the control of the Reporting Companies,
can be difficult to predict and could materially impact how they report their results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Each Reporting Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, which could adversely
affect its results of operations, cash flow and financial condition. Undetected errors in internal controls and information reporting could result in
the disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure. Each Reporting Company’s internal controls, accounting policies and practices and
internal information systems are designed to enable the Reporting Company to capture and process transactions and information in a timely and accurate manner in compliance with GAAP, taxation requirements, federal securities laws and regulations and
other laws and regulations (including pursuant to federal and state administrative grant programs) applicable to it. Such compliance permits each Reporting Company to, among other things, disclose and report financial and other information in
connection with the recovery of its costs and with the reporting requirements for each Reporting Company under federal securities, tax and other laws and regulations. Each Reporting Company has implemented corporate governance, internal control and accounting policies and procedures in connection with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act) and relevant SEC rules, as well as other applicable regulations. Such internal controls and policies have been 36 Table of Contents and continue to be closely monitored by each Reporting Company’s management and PHI’s Board of Directors to ensure continued compliance with these laws, rules and regulations.
Management is also responsible for establishing and maintaining internal control over financial reporting and is required to assess annually the effectiveness of these controls. While PHI believes these controls, policies, practices and systems are
adequate to verify data integrity, unanticipated and unauthorized actions of employees or temporary lapses in internal controls due to shortfalls in oversight or resource constraints could lead to undetected errors that could result in the
disallowance of cost recovery and noncompliant disclosure and reporting. The consequences of these events could have a negative impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the affected Reporting Company. The inability of
management to certify as to the effectiveness of these controls due to the identification of one or more material weaknesses in these controls could also increase financing costs or could also adversely affect the ability of a Reporting Company to
access the capital markets. Insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all casualty, property or other losses that PHI and its subsidiaries
might incur. PHI and its subsidiaries, including Pepco, DPL and ACE, as well as Pepco Energy Services, currently have insurance coverage for their
facilities and operations in amounts and with deductibles that they consider appropriate. However, there is no assurance that such insurance coverage will be available in the future on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In addition, some risks
and losses, such as weather related casualties, may not be insurable, and, where a risk has been insured, a risk or loss may be deemed to be excluded from coverage or coverage may otherwise be denied in whole or in part. PHI has also obtained
insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach of its or its utility subsidiaries’ information technology systems. In the case of loss or damage to property, plant, equipment, data
or other assets, there is no assurance that the insurance proceeds received, if any, will be sufficient to cover the entire loss, including costs of replacement or repair. PHI and its subsidiaries are dependent on obtaining access to the capital markets and bank financing to satisfy their capital and liquidity requirements.
The inability to obtain required financing when needed would have an adverse effect on their respective businesses. PHI and its subsidiaries,
including Pepco, DPL and ACE, have significant capital requirements, including the funding of construction expenditures and the refinancing of maturing debt. Each of the Reporting Companies relies primarily on cash flow from operations, access to
the capital markets and medium- and long-term bank financing, to meet these long-term financing needs. The operating activities of PHI and its subsidiaries also require continued access to short-term sources of liquidity, including issuances by a
Reporting Company of commercial paper and access to money markets and short-term bank financing, to provide for short-term liquidity needs that are not met by cash flows from their operations. Adverse business developments or market disruptions
could increase the cost of financing or prevent PHI or any of its subsidiaries from accessing these sources of short-term and long-term capital. Events that could cause or contribute to a disruption of the financial markets include, but are not
limited to: • a recession or an economic slowdown; • the bankruptcy of one or more energy companies or financial institutions; • a significant change in energy prices; • a terrorist or cyber attack or threatened attacks; • the outbreak of a pandemic or other similar event; or • a significant electricity or natural gas transmission disruption. 37 Table of Contents Any reductions in or other actions with respect to the credit ratings of PHI or any of its subsidiaries could
increase its financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships. Nationally recognized rating agencies currently rate each
Reporting Company and debt securities issued by Pepco, DPL and ACE. Ratings are not recommendations to buy or sell securities. PHI or its subsidiaries may, in the future, incur new indebtedness with interest rates that may be affected by changes in
or other actions associated with these credit ratings. Each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically, and previous ratings may not be maintained in the future. Rating agencies may also place a Reporting Company under review for
potential downgrade in certain circumstances or if any of them seek to take certain actions that it believes would otherwise be in its best interests. A downgrade of these debt ratings or other negative action, such as a review for a potential
downgrade, could affect the market price of existing indebtedness and the ability to raise additional debt without incurring increases in the cost of capital. In addition, a downgrade of these ratings, or other negative action, could make it more
difficult to raise capital to refinance any maturing debt obligations, to support business growth and to maintain or improve the current financial strength of PHI’s business and operations. The agreements that govern PHI’s primary credit facility contain a consolidated indebtedness covenant that may limit discretion of each borrower to
incur indebtedness or reduce its equity. Under the terms of PHI’s primary credit facility, of which each Reporting Company is a borrower, the
consolidated indebtedness of a borrower cannot exceed 65% of its consolidated capitalization. If a borrower’s equity were to decline or its debt were to increase to a level that caused its debt to exceed this limit, lenders under the credit
facility would be entitled to refuse any further extension of credit and to declare all of the outstanding debt under the credit facility immediately due and payable. To avoid such a default, a waiver or renegotiation of this covenant would be
required, which would likely increase funding costs and could result in additional covenants that would restrict each Reporting Company’s operational and financing flexibility. Each borrower’s ability to comply with this covenant is subject to various risks and uncertainties, including events beyond the borrower’s control.
For example, events that could cause a reduction in PHI’s equity include, without limitation, potential IRS taxes, interest and penalties associated with PHI’s former cross-border energy lease investments or a significant write-down of
PHI’s goodwill. Even if each borrower is able to comply with this covenant, the limitations on its operational and financial flexibility could harm its and PHI’s business by, among other things, limiting the borrower’s ability to
incur indebtedness or reduce equity in connection with financings or other corporate opportunities that it may believe would be in its best interests or the interests of PHI’s stockholders to complete. PHI’s cash flow, ability to pay dividends and ability to satisfy debt obligations depend on the performance of its regulated and competitive operating
subsidiaries, access to the capital markets and other sources of liquidity. PHI’s unsecured obligations are effectively subordinated to the liabilities of its subsidiaries. (PHI only) PHI is a holding company that conducts its operations entirely through its regulated and competitive subsidiaries, and all of PHI’s consolidated
operating assets are held by its subsidiaries. Accordingly, PHI’s cash flow, its ability to satisfy its obligations to creditors and its ability to pay dividends on its common stock are dependent upon the earnings of its subsidiaries, each
Reporting Company’s access to the capital markets and all sources of cash flow and liquidity that may be available to PHI. PHI’s subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts due on any debt or equity
securities issued by PHI or to make any funds available for such payment. The ability of PHI’s subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other payments to PHI may be restricted by, among other things, applicable corporate, tax and other laws and
regulations and agreements made by PHI and its subsidiaries, including under the terms of indebtedness, and PHI’s financial objective of maintaining a common equity ratio at its utility subsidiaries of between 49% and 50%. Because the claims of
the creditors of PHI’s 38 Table of Contents subsidiaries are superior to PHI’s entitlement to dividends, the unsecured debt and obligations of PHI are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of its
subsidiaries, including trade creditors. In addition, claims of creditors, including trade creditors, of PHI’s subsidiaries will generally have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of such subsidiaries over the claims of PHI’s
creditors. PHI has a significant goodwill balance related to its Power Delivery business. A determination that goodwill is impaired could result in a
significant non-cash charge to earnings. PHI had a goodwill balance at December 31, 2014, of approximately $1.4 billion, primarily attributable
to Pepco’s acquisition of Conectiv in 2002. An impairment charge must be recorded under GAAP to the extent that the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying value of goodwill, as shown on the consolidated balance sheet. PHI is
required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that may result in an interim impairment test include, but are not limited
to: an adverse change in business conditions; a protracted decline in stock price causing market capitalization to fall significantly below book value; an adverse regulatory action; impairment of long-lived assets in the reporting unit; or a change
in identified reporting units. If PHI were to determine that its goodwill is impaired, PHI would be required to reduce its goodwill balance by the amount of the impairment and record a corresponding non-cash charge to earnings. Depending on the
amount of the impairment, an impairment determination could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. The funding of future defined benefit pension plan and post-retirement benefit plan obligations is based on assumptions regarding the valuation of future
benefit obligations and the projected performance of plan assets. If market performance decreases plan assets or changes in assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations increase plan liabilities, any of the Reporting Companies may be
required to make significant cash contributions to fund these plans. PHI holds assets in trust to meet its obligations under PHI’s defined
benefit pension plan and its post-retirement benefit plan. The amounts that PHI is required to contribute (including the amounts for which Pepco, DPL and ACE are responsible) to fund the trusts are determined based on assumptions made as to the
valuation of future benefit obligations, and the projected investment performance of the plan assets. Accordingly, the performance of the capital markets will affect the value of plan assets. A decline in the market value of plan assets as well as a
decline in the rate of return on plan assets may increase the plan funding requirements to meet the future benefit obligations. In addition, changes in interest rates affect the valuation of the liabilities of the plans. As interest rates decrease,
the present value of the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Demographic changes, such as a change in the expected timing of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, also may increase the funding
requirements of the plans. A need for significant additional funding of the plans could have a material adverse effect on the cash flows of any of the Reporting Companies. Future increases in pension plan and other post-retirement benefit plan
costs, to the extent they are not recoverable in the base rates of PHI’s utility subsidiaries, could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flow and financial condition of any of the Reporting Companies. Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and in PHI’s constituent documents may discourage an acquisition of PHI. (PHI only) PHI is governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibit a public Delaware corporation from engaging in a
business combination with an interested stockholder (as defined in Section 203) for a period commencing three years from the date in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless: • the board of directors approved the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 39 Table of Contents • upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation (excluding shares owned by
officers, directors, or certain employee stock purchase plans); or • at or subsequent to the time the transaction is approved by the board of directors, there is an affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder approving the
transaction. Section 203 could prohibit or delay mergers or other takeover attempts against PHI, and accordingly, may discourage or
prevent attempts to acquire or control PHI through a tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise. Section 203 does not apply to the Merger. In
addition, and notwithstanding the proposed Merger with Exelon, PHI’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring PHI, even if doing
so would be beneficial to its stockholders. For example, under PHI’s restated certificate of incorporation, only its board of directors may call special meetings of stockholders. Further, stockholder actions may only be taken at a duly called
annual or special meeting of stockholders and not by written consent. Moreover, directors of PHI may be removed by stockholders only for cause and only by the effective vote of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of capital stock of PHI
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors (voting together as a single class) at a meeting of stockholders called for that purpose. In addition, under PHI’s amended and restated bylaws, stockholders must comply with advance notice
requirements for nominating candidates for election to PHI’s board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings, and this provision may be amended or repealed by stockholders only upon the
affirmative vote of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares of PHI capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Issuances of additional series of PHI preferred stock could adversely affect holders of PHI’s common stock. (PHI only) PHI’s board of directors is authorized to issue shares of PHI preferred stock in series without any action on the part of PHI stockholders. PHI’s
board of directors also has the power, without stockholder approval, to set the terms of any such series of preferred stock, including with respect to dividend rights, redemption rights and sinking fund provisions, conversion rights, voting rights,
and other preferential rights, limitations and restrictions. As of January 26, 2015, there were 14,400 shares of PHI Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. See Part II, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations – General Overview – Agreement and Plan of Merger with Exelon Corporation,” for information regarding the outstanding Preferred Stock. If PHI issues preferred stock in the future that has a preference over PHI’s common stock with respect to the payment of dividends or upon its
liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or if preferred stock is issued with voting rights that dilute the voting power of the common stock, the rights of holders of PHI’s common stock or the market price of such common stock could be adversely
affected. Furthermore, issuances of preferred stock can be used to discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring PHI where the acquisition might be perceived as being beneficial to stockholders. Because Pepco, DPL and ACE are direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI and have directors and executive officers who are also officers of PHI,
PHI can effectively exercise control over their dividend policies and significant business and financial transactions. (Pepco, DPL and ACE only) All
of the members of each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors, as well as many of their respective executive officers, are officers of PHI, and Pepco, DPL and ACE are direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiaries of PHI. Among
other decisions, each of Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors is responsible for decisions regarding payment of dividends, financing and capital raising activities and 40 Table of Contents acquisition and disposition of assets. Within the limitations of applicable law, and subject to the financial covenants under each company’s respective outstanding debt instruments, each of
Pepco’s, DPL’s and ACE’s board of directors will base its decisions concerning the amount and timing of dividends, and other business decisions, on its capital structure, which is based in part on earnings and cash flow, and also may
take into account the business plans and financial requirements of PHI and its other subsidiaries. PHI and Exelon may be unable to obtain the required
governmental, regulatory and other approvals required to complete the Merger, or such approvals may require the combined company to comply with material restrictions or conditions. Consummation of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of specified closing conditions, including, as of February 26, 2015, the receipt of
regulatory approvals required to consummate the Merger from the DCPSC, the MPSC and the DPSC, and other customary closing conditions. The regulatory and other approvals required to consummate the Merger may not be obtained at all, may not be
obtained on the proposed terms and schedules as contemplated by the parties, and/or may impose terms, conditions, obligations or commitments that constitute a “burdensome condition” (as defined in the Merger Agreement). In the event that
the regulatory approvals include any such burdensome conditions, or if any of the conditions to closing are not satisfied prior to the termination date specified in the Merger Agreement, Exelon will not be obligated to consummate the Merger. In the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated prior to the completion of the Merger, PHI could incur significant transaction costs that could
materially impact its financial performance and results. PHI will incur significant transaction costs, including legal, accounting, financial
advisory, filing, printing and other costs, relating to the Merger. If (i) the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain specified circumstances, PHI will be required to pay Exelon a termination fee of $259 million or reimburse Exelon for
its expenses up to $40 million (which reimbursement shall reduce on a dollar for dollar basis any termination fee subsequently payable by PHI), or (ii) if the Merger Agreement is terminated in connection with an acquisition proposal made under
certain circumstances by a person who made an acquisition proposal between April 1, 2014 and the date of the Merger Agreement, PHI will be required to pay Exelon a termination fee of $293 million plus reimbursement of Exelon for its expenses up
to $40 million (not subject to offset). The occurrence of either of these events could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s financial results. PHI and its subsidiaries will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the Merger is pending that could adversely affect
PHI’s financial results. Uncertainty about the effect of the Merger on employees or vendors and others may have an adverse effect on PHI.
Although PHI intends to take steps designed to reduce any adverse effects, these uncertainties may impair PHI’s and its subsidiaries’ ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the Merger is completed, and could cause
vendors and others that deal with PHI to seek to change existing business relationships. Employee retention and recruitment may be particularly challenging prior to the completion of the Merger, as current employees and prospective employees may
experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company. If, despite PHI’s retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart or fail to accept employment with PHI or its subsidiaries due to the uncertainty and difficulty
of integration or a desire not to remain with the combined company, PHI’s business operations and financial results could be adversely affected. PHI
expects that matters relating to the Merger and integration-related issues will place a significant burden on management, employees and internal resources, which could otherwise have been devoted to other business opportunities. The diversion of
management time on Merger-related issues could affect PHI’s financial results. In addition, the Merger Agreement restricts PHI and its subsidiaries, without Exelon’s consent, from taking specified actions until the Merger occurs or the
Merger Agreement is terminated, including, without limitation: (i) making certain acquisitions and dispositions of assets or 41 Table of Contents property; (ii) exceeding certain capital spending limits; (iii) incurring indebtedness; (iv) issuing equity or equity equivalents; and (v) increasing the dividend rates on its
stock. These restrictions may prevent PHI from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities and making other changes to its business prior to consummation of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement. Pending or potential future litigation against PHI and its directors challenging the proposed Merger may prevent the Merger from being completed within the
anticipated timeframe. PHI and its directors have been named as defendants in a purported consolidated state class action lawsuit and a substantially
similar purported federal class action lawsuit filed on behalf of public stockholders challenging the proposed Merger and seeking, among other things, to enjoin the defendants from consummating the Merger on the agreed-upon terms. If a plaintiff in
these lawsuits or any other litigation that may be filed in the future is successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the parties from completing the Merger on the terms contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the injunction may prevent the
completion of the Merger in the expected timeframe or altogether. While PHI believes that these lawsuits are without merit, to avoid the risk of
litigation delaying or adversely affecting the Merger and to minimize the expense of defending such litigation, on September 12, 2014, PHI entered into a memorandum of understanding with the plaintiffs to document the agreement in principle for
the settlement of the state court lawsuit. There can be no assurance that the parties will ultimately enter into a stipulation of settlement or that the state court will approve the settlement even if the parties were to enter into such stipulation.
In such event, the proposed settlement as contemplated by the memorandum of understanding may be terminated, which would create additional uncertainty relating to the consummation of the Merger. Failure to complete the Merger could negatively impact the market price of PHI’s common stock. Failure to complete the Merger may negatively impact the future trading price of PHI’s common stock. If the Merger is not completed, the market price of
PHI’s common stock may decline to the extent that the current market price of PHI’s stock reflects a market assumption that the Merger will be completed. Additionally, if the Merger is not completed, PHI will have incurred significant costs, as well as the diversion of the time and attention of management. A
failure to complete the Merger may also result in negative publicity, litigation against PHI or its directors and officers, and a negative impression of PHI in the investment community. The occurrence of any of these events individually or in
combination could have a material adverse effect on PHI’s financial condition, results of operations and its stock price. 42 Table of Contents 