,” there is no additional guidance from our banking regulators which is likely to have a material impact on our results of operations, liquidity, capital or financial position. 23 Table of Contents Federally Chartered Savings Association Regulation Business Activities Astoria Bank derives its lending and investment powers from the Home Owners’ Loan Act, as amended, or HOLA, and the regulations of the OCC thereunder. Under these laws and regulations, Astoria Bank may invest in mortgage loans secured by residential and non-residential real estate, commercial and consumer loans, certain types of debt securities and certain other assets. Astoria Bank may also establish service corporations that may engage in activities not otherwise permissible for Astoria Bank, including certain real estate equity investments and securities and insurance brokerage activities. These investment powers are subject to various limitations, including (1) a prohibition against the acquisition of any corporate debt security unless the debt securities may be sold with reasonable promptness at a price that corresponds reasonably to their fair value and such securities are investment grade, (2) a limit of 400% of an association’s capital on the aggregate amount of loans secured by non-residential real estate property, (3) a limit of 20% of an association’s assets on commercial loans, with the amount of commercial loans in excess of 10% of assets being limited to small business loans, (4) a limit of 35% of an association’s assets on the aggregate amount of consumer loans and acquisitions of certain debt securities, (5) a limit of 5% of assets on non-conforming loans (certain loans in excess of the specific limitations of HOLA), and (6) a limit of the greater of 5% of assets or an association’s capital on certain construction loans made for the purpose of financing what is or is expected to become residential property. In October 2006, the federal bank regulatory agencies, or the Agencies, published the “Interagency Guidance on Nontraditional Mortgage Product Risks,” or the Guidance. The Guidance describes sound practices for managing risk, as well as marketing, originating and servicing nontraditional mortgage products, which include, among other things, interest-only loans. The Guidance sets forth supervisory expectations with respect to loan terms and underwriting standards, portfolio and risk management practices and consumer protection. In December 2006, the Agencies published guidance entitled “Interagency Guidance on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices,” or the CRE Guidance, to address concentrations of commercial real estate loans in savings associations. The CRE Guidance reinforces and enhances the OCC’s existing regulations and guidelines for real estate lending and loan portfolio management, but does not establish specific commercial real estate lending limits. However, the CRE Guidance states that an institution is potentially exposed to significant commercial real estate concentration risk, and should employ enhanced risk management practices, where (1) total commercial real estate loans represents 300% or more of its total capital and (2) the outstanding balance of such institution's commercial real estate loan portfolio has increased by 50% or more during the prior 36 months. In June 2007, the Agencies issued the “Statement on Subprime Mortgage Lending,” or the Statement, to address the growing concerns facing the subprime mortgage market, particularly with respect to rapidly rising subprime default rates that may indicate borrowers do not have the ability to repay adjustable rate subprime loans originated by financial institutions. In particular, the Agencies expressed concern in the Statement that current underwriting practices do not take into account that many subprime borrowers are not prepared for “payment shock” and that the current subprime lending practices compound risk for financial institutions. The Statement describes the prudent safety and soundness and consumer protection standards that financial institutions should follow to ensure borrowers obtain loans that they can afford to repay. The Statement also reinforces the April 2007 Interagency Statement on Working with Mortgage Borrowers, in which the Agencies encouraged institutions to work constructively with residential borrowers who are financially unable or reasonably expected to be unable to meet their contractual payment obligations on their home loans. In October 2009, the Agencies adopted a policy statement supporting prudent commercial real estate mortgage loan workouts, or the Policy Statement. The Policy Statement provides guidance for examiners, and for financial institutions that are working with commercial real estate mortgage loan borrowers who are experiencing diminished operating cash flows, depreciated collateral values, or prolonged delays in selling or renting commercial properties. The Policy Statement details risk-management practices for loan workouts that support prudent and pragmatic credit and business decision-making within the framework of financial accuracy, transparency, and timely loss recognition. Financial institutions that implement prudent loan workout arrangements after performing comprehensive reviews of borrowers' financial conditions will not be subject to criticism for engaging in these efforts, even if the restructured loans have 24 Table of Contents weaknesses that result in adverse credit classifications. In addition, performing loans, including those renewed or restructured on reasonable modified terms, made to creditworthy borrowers, will not be subject to adverse classification solely because the value of the underlying collateral declined. The Policy Statement reiterates existing guidance that examiners are expected to take a balanced approach in assessing institutions’ risk-management practices for loan workout activities. We have evaluated the Guidance, the CRE Guidance, the Statement and the Policy Statement to determine our compliance and, as necessary, modified our risk management practices, underwriting guidelines and consumer protection standards. See “Lending Activities - Residential Mortgage Lending and Multi-Family and Commercial Real Estate Lending” for a discussion of our loan product offerings and related underwriting standards and “Asset Quality” in Item 7, “MD&A,” for information regarding our loan portfolio composition. In January 2013, pursuant to the Reform Act, the Agencies issued final rules on appraisal requirements for higher-priced mortgage loans which became effective in January 2014. For mortgage loans with an annual percentage rate that exceeds a certain threshold, Astoria Bank must obtain an appraisal using a licensed or certified appraiser. The appraiser must prepare a written appraisal report based on a physical inspection of the interior of the property. Astoria Bank must also then disclose to applicants information about the purpose of the appraisal and provide them with a free copy of the appraisal report. Qualified Mortgages are exempt from these appraisal requirements. In December 2013, the Agencies, the SEC and the CFTC adopted final rules implementing Section 619 of the Reform Act. Section 619 and the final implementing rules are commonly known as the “Volcker Rule.” While Section 619 of the Reform Act provided that banking organizations were required to conform their activities and investments by July 21, 2014, in connection with issuing the final Volcker Rule, the FRB extended the conformance period until July 21, 2015. The FRB is permitted, by rule or order, to extend the conformance period for one year at a time, for a total of not more than 3 years. On December 18, 2014, the FRB issued an order, or the Extension Order, that further extends until July 21, 2016 the conformance period under the Volcker Rule. The FRB stated in the Extension Order that it intends to exercise its authority again and grant the final one-year extension in order to permit banking organizations until July 21, 2017 to conform to the requirements of the Volcker Rule. The Volcker Rule prohibits banking entities from acquiring and retaining an ownership interest in, sponsoring, or having certain relationships with a “covered fund.” The Volcker Rule generally treats as a covered fund any entity that would be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, or the 1940 Act, but for the application of the exemptions from SEC registration set forth in Section 3(c)(1) (fewer than 100 beneficial owners) or Section 3(c)(7) (qualified purchasers) of the 1940 Act. In addition to prohibiting a banking entity from sponsoring or having an ownership interest in a covered fund, the Volcker Rule also limits the term of relationships between banking entities and covered funds and imposes new disclosure obligations for covered funds serviced by banking entities. The Volcker Rule also imposes corporate governance, compliance and control program, record keeping, regulatory reporting, training and audit requirements on banking entities. These requirements become more stringent and detailed based upon the size of the banking organization and scope and nature of its activities. Under the Volcker Rule, banking entities are also prohibited from engaging in proprietary trading. We do not currently anticipate that the Volcker Rule will have a material effect on our operations as we do not engage in proprietary trading, do not have any ownership interest in any funds that are not permitted under the Volcker Rule and do not engage in any other the activities prohibited by the Volcker Rule. As a depositary institution with over $10 billion in assets, we will need to adopt additional policies and systems to ensure compliance with the Volcker Rule. The costs of developing and implementing such policies and systems are not expected to be material. Capital Requirements Prior to January 1, 2015, the OCC capital regulations required federally chartered savings associations to meet four minimum capital ratios: a 1.5% Tangible capital ratio, a 4.0% Tier 1 leverage capital ratio, a 4.0% Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio and an 8.0% Total risk-based capital ratio. At December 31, 2014 , Astoria Bank exceeded each of its capital requirements with a Tangible capital ratio of 10.62% , Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 10.62% , Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 17.55% and Total risk-based capital ratio of 18.76% . 25 Table of Contents In July 2013, the Agencies adopted final rules, or the Final Capital Rules, to update the Agencies’ general risk-based capital and leverage capital requirements to incorporate agreements reflected in the Third Basel Accord adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, or Basel III capital standards, as well as the requirements of the Reform Act. The Final Capital Rules: • Established consolidated capital requirements for many savings and loan holding companies, including Astoria Financial Corporation. • Revised the required minimum risk-based and leverage capital requirements by: (1) establishing a new minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio (common equity Tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets) of 4.5%; (2) raising the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio from 4.0% to 6.0%; (3) maintaining the minimum Total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0%; and (4) maintaining a minimum Tier 1 leverage capital ratio (Tier 1 capital to adjusted average consolidated assets) of 4.0%. • Revised the rules for calculating risk-weighted assets to enhance their risk sensitivity, which included (1) a new framework under which mortgage-backed securities and other securitization exposures are subject to risk-weights ranging from 20% to 1,250% and (2) adjusted risk-weights for credit exposures, including multi-family and commercial real estate exposures that are 90 days or more past due or on nonaccrual, which are subject to a 150% risk-weight, except in situations where qualifying collateral and/or guarantees are in place. The existing treatment of residential mortgage exposures remains subject to either a 50% risk-weight (for prudently underwritten owner-occupied first liens that are current or less than 90 days past due) or a 100% risk-weight (for all other residential mortgage exposures including 90 days or more past due exposures). • Added a requirement to maintain a minimum Conservation Buffer, composed of common equity Tier 1 capital, of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, which means that banking organizations, on a fully phased in basis no later than January 1, 2019, must maintain a minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 7.0%, a minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.5% and a minimum Total risk-based capital ratio of 10.5%. • Changed the definitions of capital categories for insured depository institutions for purposes of the Prompt Corrective Action rules. Under these revised definitions, to be considered well capitalized, Astoria Bank must have a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 6.5%, a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of at least 5.0%, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of at least 8.0% and a Total risk-based capital ratio of at least 10.0%. The new minimum regulatory capital ratios and changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets became effective for Astoria Bank and Astoria Financial Corporation on January 1, 2015. The required minimum Conservation Buffer will be phased in incrementally, starting at 0.625% on January 1, 2016 and increasing to 1.25% on January 1, 2017, 1.875% on January 1, 2018 and 2.5% on January 1, 2019. The Final Capital Rules established a common equity Tier 1 capital as a new capital component. Common equity Tier 1 capital consists of common stock instruments that meet the eligibility criteria in the Final Capital Rules, retained earnings, accumulated other comprehensive income/loss and common equity Tier 1 minority interest. As a result, Tier 1 capital has two components: common equity Tier 1 capital and additional Tier 1 capital. The Final Capital Rules also revised the eligibility criteria for inclusion in additional Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital. As a result of these changes, certain non-qualifying capital instruments, including cumulative preferred stock and trust preferred securities, are excluded as a component of Tier 1 capital for institutions of our size. The Final Capital Rules further require that certain items be deducted from common equity Tier 1 capital, including (1) goodwill and other intangible assets, other than mortgage servicing rights, or MSR, net of deferred tax liabilities, or DTLs; (2) deferred tax assets that arise from operating losses and tax credit carryforwards, net of valuation allowances and DTLs; (3) after-tax gain-on-sale associated with a securitization exposure; and (4) defined benefit pension fund assets held by a depository institution holding company, net of DTLs. In addition, banking organizations must deduct from common equity Tier 1 capital the amount of certain assets, including mortgage servicing assets, that exceed certain thresholds. The Final Capital Rules also allow all but the largest banking organizations to make a one-time election not to recognize unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale debt securities in regulatory capital, as under prior capital rules. 26 Table of Contents The Final Capital Rules provide that the failure to maintain the minimum Conservation Buffer will result in restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers. If a banking organization’s Conservation Buffer is less than 0.625%, the banking organization may not make any capital distributions or discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers. If the Conservation Buffer is greater than 0.625% but not greater than 1.25%, capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments are limited to 20% of net income for the four calendar quarters preceding the applicable calendar quarter (net of any such capital distributions), or Eligible Retained Income. If the Conservation Buffer is greater than 1.25% but not greater than 1.875%, the limit is 40% of Eligible Retained Income, and if the Conservation Buffer is greater than 1.875% but not greater than 2.5%, the limit is 60% of Eligible Retained Income. The preceding thresholds for the Conservation Buffer and related restrictions represent the fully phased in rules effective no later than January 1, 2019. Such thresholds will be phased in incrementally throughout the phase in period with lower thresholds effective beginning January 1, 2016. As a result, under the Final Capital Rules, if Astoria Bank fails to maintain the minimum Conservation Buffer, we will be subject to limits, and possibly prohibitions, on our ability to obtain capital distributions from Astoria Bank. If we do not receive sufficient cash dividends from Astoria Bank, then we may not have sufficient funds to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock, service our debt obligations or repurchase our common stock. In addition, if Astoria Bank fails to maintain the minimum Conservation Buffer, we may be limited in our ability to pay certain cash bonuses to our executive officers which may make it more difficult to retain key personnel. In assessing an institution’s capital adequacy, the OCC takes into consideration not only these numeric factors but qualitative factors as well, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual institutions where necessary. Astoria Bank, as a matter of prudent management, targets as its goal the maintenance of capital ratios that exceed these minimum requirements and that are consistent with Astoria Bank’s risk profile. Stress Tests The Reform Act requires national banks and federal savings associations with total consolidated assets of more than $10 billion to conduct annual stress tests. In October 2012, the OCC published its final rules requiring annual capital-adequacy stress tests for national banks and federal savings associations with consolidated assets of more than $10 billion, or the Stress Test Rule. Pursuant to the Stress Test Rule, Astoria Bank must conduct annual stress tests using financial data as of September 30, report the results of the stress test to the OCC on or before March 31 and publicly disclose a summary of the results of the stress test between June 15 and June 30. The Stress Test Rule also requires each institution to establish and maintain a system of controls, oversight and documentation, including policies and procedures, designed to ensure that the stress testing processes used by the institution are effective in meeting the requirements of the rules. In December 2014, the OCC amended the Stress Test Rule to shift the dates of the annual stress testing cycle, or the Amended Stress Test Rule. In accordance with the Amended Stress Test Rule, for the stress test beginning January 1, 2016, Astoria Bank must conduct its annual stress test using financial data as of December 31, report the results of the stress test to the OCC on or before July 31 and publicly disclose a summary of the results of its annual stress test between October 15 and October 31. During the 2014 first quarter, the Agencies issued final guidance outlining high-level principles for implementation of the stress tests required by the Reform Act and the Stress Test Rule, or the Stress Test Guidance, which is applicable to all bank and savings and loan holding companies, national banks, state-member banks, state non-member banks, federal savings associations and state chartered savings associations with more than $10 billion but less than $50 billion in total consolidated assets. The Stress Test Guidance discusses supervisory expectations for stress test practices under the Stress Test Rule. The Stress Test Guidance states that a company is expected to ensure that projected balance sheet and risk-weighted assets remain consistent with regulatory and accounting changes, are applied consistently across the company, and are consistent with the economic scenarios provided by the OCC for use in the stress test and the company’s past history of managing through different business environments. Furthermore, the Stress Test Guidance states that a company must consider the results of stress testing in the company’s capital planning, assessment of capital adequacy and risk management practices. In addition, in May 2012, the Agencies adopted final supervisory guidance which outlines high-level principles for general stress testing practices, or the May 2012 Guidance, which is applicable to all banking organizations with more 27 Table of Contents than $10 billion in total consolidated assets. The May 2012 Guidance provides an overview of how a banking organization should structure its stress testing activities and ensure they fit into overall risk management. The May 2012 Guidance outlines broad principles for a satisfactory stress testing framework and describes the manner in which stress testing should be employed as an integral component of risk management that is applicable at various levels of aggregation within a banking organization, as well as for contributing to capital and liquidity planning. Interest Rate Risk The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act, or FDICIA, required that the Agencies revise their risk-based capital standards to take into account IRR concentration of risk and the risks of non-traditional activities. The OCC regulations do not include a specific IRR component of the risk based capital requirement. However, the OCC expects all federal savings associations to have an independent IRR measurement process in place that measures both earnings and capital at risk, as described in the Advisory on Interest Rate Risk Management, or the IRR Advisory, and a Joint Agency Policy Statement on IRR, or the 1996 IRR policy statement, each described below. In June 1996, the Agencies adopted the 1996 IRR policy statement. The 1996 IRR policy statement provides guidance to examiners and bankers on sound practices for managing IRR. The 1996 IRR policy statement also outlines fundamental elements of sound management that have been identified in prior regulatory guidance and discusses the importance of these elements in the context of managing IRR. Specifically, the guidance emphasizes the need for active board of director and senior management oversight and a comprehensive risk management process that effectively identifies, measures and controls IRR. In January 2010, the Agencies released the IRR Advisory to remind institutions of the supervisory expectations regarding sound practices for managing IRR. While some degree of IRR is inherent in the business of banking, the Agencies expect institutions to have sound risk management practices in place to measure, monitor and control IRR exposures, and IRR management should be an integral component of an institution’s risk management infrastructure. The Agencies expect all institutions to manage their IRR exposures using processes and systems commensurate with their earnings and capital levels, complexity, business model, risk profile and scope of operations, and the IRR Advisory reiterates the importance of effective corporate governance, policies and procedures, risk measuring and monitoring systems, stress testing, and internal controls related to the IRR exposures of institutions. The IRR Advisory encourages institutions to use a variety of techniques to measure IRR exposure which includes simple maturity gap analysis, income measurement and valuation measurement for assessing the impact of changes in market rates as well as simulation modeling to measure IRR exposure. Institutions are encouraged to use the full complement of analytical capabilities of their IRR simulation models. The IRR Advisory also reminds institutions that stress testing, which includes both scenario and sensitivity analysis, is an integral component of IRR management. The IRR Advisory indicates that institutions should regularly assess IRR exposures beyond typical industry conventions, including changes in rates of greater magnitude (for example, up and down 300 and 400 basis points as compared to up and down 200 basis points which is the general practice) across different tenors to reflect changing slopes and twists of the yield curve. The IRR Advisory emphasizes that effective IRR management not only involves the identification and measurement of IRR, but also provides for appropriate actions to control this risk. The adequacy and effectiveness of an institution’s IRR management process and the level of its IRR exposure are critical factors in the Agencies’ evaluation of an institution’s sensitivity to changes in interest rates and capital adequacy. Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action FDICIA established a system of prompt corrective action to resolve the problems of undercapitalized institutions. Under this system, the banking regulators are required to take certain, and authorized to take other, supervisory actions against undercapitalized institutions, based upon five categories of capitalization which FDICIA created: “well capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized,” and “critically undercapitalized,” the severity of which depends upon the institution’s degree of capitalization. Generally, a capital restoration plan must be filed with the OCC within 45 days of the date an association receives notice that it is 28 Table of Contents “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized” or “critically undercapitalized,” and the plan must be guaranteed by any parent holding company. In addition, various mandatory supervisory actions become immediately applicable to the institution, including restrictions on growth of assets and other forms of expansion. Prior to January 1, 2015, under OCC regulations, an insured depository institution was considered well capitalized if its Total risk-based capital ratio was 10.0% or greater, its Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio was 6.0% or greater and its Tier 1 leverage capital ratio was 5.0% or greater, and it was not subject to any order or directive by the OCC to meet a specific capital level. As of December 31, 2014 , Astoria Bank’s capital ratios were above the minimum levels required to be considered well capitalized by the OCC, with a Total risk-based capital ratio of 18.76% , Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 17.55% and Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 10.62% . Under the Final Capital Rules, described above, effective January 1, 2015, to be considered well capitalized, an insured depository institution must maintain a Total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0% or greater, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0% or greater, a common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 6.5% or greater and a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 5.0% or greater and not be subject to any order or directive by the OCC to meet a specific capital level. In addition to measures taken under the prompt corrective action provisions with respect to undercapitalized institutions, insured banks and their holding companies may be subject to potential enforcement actions by their regulators for unsafe and unsound practices in conducting their business or for violations of law or regulation, including the filing of a false or misleading regulatory report. Enforcement actions under this authority may include the issuance of cease and desist orders, the imposition of civil money penalties, the issuance of directives to increase capital, formal and informal agreements, or removal and prohibition orders against “institution-affiliated parties” (generally bank insiders). Further, the FRB may bring an enforcement action against a depository institution holding company either to address undercapitalization in the holding company or to require the holding company to take measures to remediate undercapitalization or other safety and soundness concerns in a depository institution subsidiary. CFPB Regulation of Mortgage Origination and Servicing Ability to Repay Rules . The CFPB adopted final rules, referred to as the “Ability to Repay Rules,” that (1) prohibit creditors, such as Astoria Bank, from extending mortgage loans without regard for the consumer’s ability to repay, (2) specify the types of income and assets that may be considered in the ability-to-repay determination, the permissible sources for verification, and the required methods of calculating a loan’s monthly payments and (3) establish certain protections from liability for loans that meet the requirements of a Qualified Mortgage. Previously, the Truth in Lending Act, or Regulation Z, prohibited creditors from extending higher-priced mortgage loans without regard for the consumer’s ability to repay. The Ability to Repay Rules extend application of this requirement to all loans secured by dwellings, not just higher-priced mortgages. As defined by the CFPB, a Qualified Mortgage is a mortgage that meets the following standards prohibiting or limiting certain high risk products and features: (1) No excessive upfront points and fees - generally points and fees paid by the borrower must not exceed 3% of the total amount borrowed; (2) No toxic loan features - prohibited features include interest-only loans, negative-amortization loans, terms beyond 30 years and balloon loans; and (3) Limit on debt-to-income ratios - borrowers’ total debt-to-income ratios must be no higher than 43%, with certain limited exceptions for loans eligible for purchase, guarantee or insurance by the GSEs or a federal agency. In October 2014, the CFPB published a final rule that allows lenders to cure loans that do not meet the “points and fees” test under the Qualified Mortgage definition, but that otherwise satisfy the requirements of a Qualified Mortgage. Pursuant to the final rule, lenders will be able to “cure” loans for which the points and fees exceed the 3% cap for Qualified Mortgages by refunding the points and fees that exceed the 3% cap, with interest within 210 days after closing of the loan. The cure mechanism is available for loans closed on or after November 3, 2014 and before January 10, 2021. Lenders that generate Qualified Mortgage loans will receive specific protections against borrower lawsuits that could result from failing to satisfy the Ability to Repay Rules. There are two levels of liability protections for Qualified Mortgages: the Safe Harbor protection and the Rebuttable Presumption protection. Safe Harbor Qualified Mortgages are lower-priced loans with interest rates closer to the prime rate, issued to borrowers with high credit scores. Borrowers 29 Table of Contents suing lenders under Safe Harbor Qualified Mortgages are faced with overcoming the pre-determined legal conclusion that the lender has satisfied the Ability to Repay Rules. Rebuttable Presumption Qualified Mortgages are loans at higher prices that are granted to borrowers with lower credit scores. Lenders generating Rebuttable Presumption Qualified Mortgages receive the protection of a presumption that they have legally satisfied the Ability to Repay Rules while the borrower can rebut that presumption by proving that the lender did not consider the borrower’s living expenses after their mortgage and other debts. In addition, Qualified Mortgages are exempt from the new appraisal requirement rules described under “Federally Chartered Savings Association Regulation - Business Activities.” As a result of the adoption of the Ability to Repay Rules, we have changed our underwriting practices and, as of January 10, 2014, only originate mortgage loans that meet the requirements of a Qualified Mortgage. Mortgage Servicing Rules. The CFPB also issued final rules concerning mortgage servicing standards, or the Mortgage Servicing Rules, which amend both the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act, or Regulation X, and Regulation Z. The Regulation X rule requires servicers to provide certain information to borrowers, to provide protections to such borrowers in connection with force-placed insurance, to establish policies and procedures to achieve certain delineated objectives, to correct errors asserted by borrowers and to evaluate borrowers’ applications for available loss mitigation options. The Regulation Z rule requires creditors, assignees and servicers to provide interest rate adjustment notices for ARM loans, periodic statements for residential mortgage loans, prompt crediting of mortgage payments and responses to requests for payoff amounts. In November 2014, the CFPB published proposed amendments to the Mortgage Servicing Rules, which would further amend both Regulation X and Regulation Z. The proposed rule would, among other things, require servicers to provide certain borrowers with foreclosure protections more than once over the life of the loan, expand consumer protections to surviving family members and other homeowners, require servicers to notify borrowers when loss mitigation applications are complete, clarify when a borrower becomes delinquent and provide more information to borrowers in bankruptcy. Loan Originator Qualification and Compensation Rule. The CFPB also issued a final rule implementing requirements and restrictions imposed by the Reform Act concerning, among other things, qualifications of individual loan originators and the compensation practices with respect to such persons. The rule prohibits loan origination organizations from basing compensation for themselves or individual loan originators on any of the origination transaction’s terms or conditions and prohibits such persons from receiving compensation from another person in connection with the same transaction. The rule also imposes duties on loan originator organizations to ensure that their individual loan originators meet certain licensing or qualification standards and extends existing recordkeeping requirements. Enforcement. The CFPB has exclusive examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws and regulations by institutions under its supervision and is authorized, individually or jointly with the federal bank regulatory agencies, or the Agencies, to conduct investigations to determine whether any person is, or has, engaged in conduct that violates such laws or regulations. The CFPB may bring an administrative enforcement proceeding or civil action in Federal district court. In addition, in accordance with a memorandum of understanding entered into between the CFPB and the Department of Justice, or DOJ, the two agencies have agreed to coordinate efforts related to enforcing the fair lending laws, which includes information sharing and conducting joint investigations. As an independent bureau within the FRB, the CFPB may impose requirements more severe than the previous bank regulatory agencies. Insurance of Deposit Accounts Astoria Bank is a member of the DIF and pays its deposit insurance assessments to the DIF. In accordance with rules adopted by the FDIC in 2011 pursuant to the Reform Act, which became effective in April 2011, the assessment base for deposit insurance assessments was changed from an institution’s deposit base to its average consolidated total assets minus average tangible equity. In adopting such rules, the FDIC also established a new assessment rate schedule, as well as alternative rate schedules that become effective when the DIF reserve ratio reaches certain levels. 30 Table of Contents In determining the deposit insurance assessments to be paid by insured depository institutions, the FDIC generally assigns an institution to one of four risk categories based on the institution’s most recent supervisory ratings and capital ratios. For example, for institutions within Risk Category I, assessment rates generally depend upon a combination of CAMELS (capital adequacy, asset quality, management, earnings, liquidity, sensitivity to market risk) component ratings and financial ratios. In addition, an institution’s base assessment rate is generally subject to following adjustments: (1) a decrease for the institution’s long-term unsecured debt, including most senior and subordinated debt, (2) an increase for brokered deposits above a threshold amount and (3) an increase for unsecured debt held that is issued by another insured depository institution. However, for large insured depository institutions, generally defined as those with at least $10 billion in total assets, such as Astoria Bank, the FDIC has eliminated risk categories when calculating the initial base assessment rates and now combine CAMELS ratings and financial measures into two scorecards to calculate assessment rates, one for most large insured depository institutions and another for highly complex insured depository institutions (which are generally those with more than $50 billion in total assets that are controlled by a parent company with more than $500 billion in total assets). Each scorecard has two components - a performance score and loss severity score, which are combined and converted to an initial assessment rate. The FDIC has the ability to adjust a large or highly complex insured depository institution’s total score by a maximum of 15 points, up or down, based upon significant risk factors that are not captured by the scorecard. Under the current assessment rate schedule, the initial base assessment rate for large and highly complex insured depository institutions ranges from five to 35 basis points, and the total base assessment rate, after applying the unsecured debt and brokered deposit adjustments, ranges from two and one-half to 45 basis points. The FDIC annually establishes for the DIF a designated reserve ratio, or DRR, of estimated insured deposits. The FDIC has announced that the DRR for 2015 will remain at 2.00%, which is the same ratio that has been in effect since January 1, 2011. The FDIC is authorized to change deposit insurance assessment rates as necessary to maintain the DRR, without further notice-and-comment rulemaking, provided that: (1) no such adjustment can be greater than three basis points from one quarter to the next, (2) adjustments cannot result in rates more than three basis points above or below the base rates and (3) rates cannot be negative. As a result of the failures of a number of banks and thrifts during the financial crisis, there was a significant increase in the loss provisions of the DIF. This resulted in a decline in the actual DIF reserve ratio during 2008 below the then minimum DRR of 1.15%. As a result, the FDIC was required to establish a restoration plan to restore the reserve ratio to 1.15% within a period of eight years. The Reform Act subsequently increased the minimum DRR for the DIF from 1.15% to 1.35% of insured deposits, which must be reached by September 30, 2020, and provides that in setting the assessment rates necessary to meet the new requirement, the FDIC shall offset the effect of this provision on insured depository institutions with total consolidated assets of less than $10 billion, so that more of the cost of raising the reserve ratio will be borne by the institutions with more than $10 billion in assets, such as Astoria Bank. In October 2010, the FDIC adopted a restoration plan to ensure that the DIF reserve ratio reaches 1.35% by September 30, 2020, as required by the Reform Act. The FDIC is expected to pursue further rulemaking regarding the method that will be used to reach the reserve ratio of 1.35% so that more of the cost of raising the reserve ratio to 1.35% will be borne by institutions with more than $10 billion in assets. Our expense for FDIC deposit insurance assessments totaled $25.3 million in 2014 and $36.2 million in 2013 . The FDIC deposit insurance assessments are in addition to the assessments for payments on the bonds issued in the late 1980s by the Financing Corporation to recapitalize the now defunct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. The Financing Corporation payments will continue until the bonds mature in 2017 through 2019. Our expense for these payments totaled $884,000 in 2014 and $967,000 in 2013 . Loans to One Borrower Under the HOLA, savings associations are generally subject to the national bank limits on loans to one borrower. Generally, savings associations may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group of borrowers in excess 31 Table of Contents of 15% of the institution's unimpaired capital and surplus. Additional amounts may be loaned, not in excess of 10% of unimpaired capital and surplus, if such loans or extensions of credit are secured by readily-marketable collateral. Astoria Bank is in compliance with applicable loans to one borrower limitations. At December 31, 2014, Astoria Bank’s largest aggregate amount of loans to one borrower totaled $57.4 million. All of the loans for the largest borrower were performing in accordance with their terms and the borrower had no affiliation with Astoria Bank. Qualified Thrift Lender Test The HOLA requires savings associations to meet a Qualified Thrift Lender, or QTL, test. Under the QTL test, a savings association is required to maintain at least 65% of its “portfolio assets” (total assets less (1) specified liquid assets up to 20% of total assets, (2) intangibles, including goodwill, and (3) the value of property used to conduct business) in certain “qualified thrift investments” (primarily mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family and multi-family residential properties and related investments, including certain mortgage-backed securities, credit card loans, student loans, and small business loans) on a monthly basis during at least 9 out of every 12 months. As of December 31, 2014 , Astoria Bank maintained in excess of 89% of its portfolio assets in qualified thrift investments and had more than 65% of its portfolio assets in qualified thrift investments for each of the 12 months in the year ended December 31, 2014 . Therefore, Astoria Bank qualified under the QTL test. A savings association that fails the QTL test will immediately be prohibited from: (1) making any new investment or engaging in any new activity not permissible for a national bank, (2) paying dividends, unless such payment would be permissible for a national bank, is necessary to meet the obligations of a company that controls the savings association, and is specifically approved by the OCC and the FRB, and (3) establishing any new branch office in a location not permissible for a national bank in the association's home state. A savings association that fails to meet the QTL test is deemed to have violated the HOLA and may be subject to OCC enforcement action. In addition, if the association does not requalify under the QTL test within three years after failing the test, the association would be prohibited from retaining any investment or engaging in any activity not permissible for a national bank. Limitation on Capital Distributions The OCC regulations impose limitations upon certain capital distributions by savings associations, such as certain cash dividends, payments to repurchase or otherwise acquire its shares, payments to shareholders of another institution in a cash-out merger and other distributions charged against capital. The OCC regulates all capital distributions by Astoria Bank directly or indirectly to us, including dividend payments. A subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, such as Astoria Bank, must file a notice or seek affirmative approval from the OCC at least 30 days prior to each proposed capital distribution. Whether an application is required is based on a number of factors including whether the institution qualifies for expedited treatment under the OCC rules and regulations or if the total amount of all capital distributions (including each proposed capital distribution) for the applicable calendar year exceeds net income for that year to date plus the retained net income for the preceding two years. During 2014, Astoria Bank was not required to file such applications with the OCC for proposed capital distributions. Although we anticipate that, in 2015, Astoria Bank will not be required to file such applications for proposed capital distributions, Astoria Bank may be required to do so in the future if its earnings decline or otherwise do not exceed the cash needs of Astoria Financial Corporation. During 2014, Astoria Bank was required to, and did, notify the OCC of its intent to pay dividends, to which the OCC did not object. In addition, as a subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, Astoria Bank must provide notice to the FRB at least 30 days prior to declaring a dividend. Astoria Bank paid dividends to Astoria Financial Corporation totaling $39.4 million in 2014 . Astoria Bank may not pay dividends to us if, after paying those dividends, it would fail to meet the required minimum levels under risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum leverage and tangible capital ratio requirements or if the dividend would violate a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation or agreement. Under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, or FDIA, an insured depository institution such as Astoria Bank is prohibited from making capital distributions, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become “undercapitalized” (as such term is used in the FDIA). Payment of dividends by Astoria Bank also may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the OCC if it deems the payment to constitute an unsafe and unsound banking practice. 32 Table of Contents Liquidity Astoria Bank maintains sufficient liquidity to ensure its safe and sound operation, in accordance with OCC regulations. Assessments The OCC charges assessments to recover the costs of examining savings associations and their affiliates. Our expense for these assessments totaled $2.3 million in 2014 and 2013 . Branching Federally chartered savings associations may branch nationwide to the extent allowed by federal statute. All of Astoria Bank’s branches are located in New York. Community Reinvestment Under the CRA, as implemented by OCC regulations, a federally chartered savings association has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to ascertain and meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low and moderate income areas. The CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs for financial institutions, nor does it limit an institution's discretion to develop the types of products and services that it believes are best suited to its particular community. The CRA requires the OCC, in connection with its examination of a federally chartered savings association, to assess the institution's record of meeting the credit needs of its community and to take such record into account in its evaluation of certain applications by such institution. The assessment focuses on three tests: (1) a lending test, to evaluate the institution’s record of making loans, including community development loans, in its designated assessment areas; (2) an investment test, to evaluate the institution’s record of investing in community development projects, affordable housing, and programs benefiting low or moderate income individuals and areas and small businesses; and (3) a service test, to evaluate the institution’s delivery of banking services throughout its CRA assessment area, including low and moderate income areas. The CRA also requires all institutions to make public disclosure of their CRA ratings. Astoria Bank was rated as “outstanding” in its last CRA examination. Regulations require that we publicly disclose certain agreements that are in fulfillment of CRA. We have no such agreements in place at this time. Transactions with Related Parties Astoria Bank is subject to the affiliate and insider transaction rules set forth in Sections 23A, 23B, 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act, or FRA, and Regulation W and Regulation O issued by the FRB. These provisions, among other things, prohibit, limit or place restrictions upon a savings institution extending credit to, or entering into certain transactions with, its affiliates (which for Astoria Bank would include us and our non-federally chartered savings association subsidiaries, if any), principal stockholders, directors and executive officers. The Reform Act expands the affiliate transaction rules in Sections 23A and 23B of the FRA to broaden the definition of affiliate and to apply this definition to securities lending, repurchase agreement and derivatives activities that Astoria Bank may have with an affiliate. This expansion became effective in July 2012. In addition, the FRB regulations include additional restrictions on savings associations under Section 11 of HOLA, including provisions prohibiting a savings association from making a loan to an affiliate that is engaged in non-bank holding company activities and provisions prohibiting a savings association from purchasing or investing in securities issued by an affiliate that is not a subsidiary. The FRB regulations also include certain specific exemptions from these prohibitions. The FRB and the OCC require each depository institution that is subject to Sections 23A and 23B to implement policies and procedures to ensure compliance with Regulation W. Section 402 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley, prohibits the extension of personal loans to directors and executive officers of issuers (as defined in Sarbanes-Oxley). The prohibition, however, does not apply to loans advanced by an insured depository institution, such as Astoria Bank, that is subject to the insider lending restrictions of Section 22(h) of the FRA. 33 Table of Contents Standards for Safety and Soundness Pursuant to the requirements of FDICIA, as amended by the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994, the Agencies adopted guidelines establishing general standards relating to internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, IRR exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, compensation, fees and benefits. In general, the guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and practices to identify and manage the risks and exposures specified in the guidelines. The guidelines prohibit excessive compensation as an unsafe and unsound practice and describe compensation as excessive when the amounts paid are unreasonable or disproportionate to the services performed by an executive officer, employee, director or principal shareholder. In addition, the OCC adopted regulations pursuant to FDICIA to require a savings association that is given notice by the OCC that it is not satisfying any of such safety and soundness standards to submit a compliance plan to the OCC. If, after being so notified, a savings association fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan or fails in any material respect to implement an accepted compliance plan, the OCC must issue an order directing corrective actions and may issue an order directing other actions of the types to which a significantly undercapitalized institution is subject under the “prompt corrective action” provisions of FDICIA. If a savings association fails to comply with such an order, the OCC may seek to enforce such order in judicial proceedings and to impose civil money penalties. For further discussion, see “Regulation and Supervision - Federally Chartered Savings Association Regulation - Prompt Corrective Regulatory Action.” Insurance Activities Astoria Bank is generally permitted to engage in certain insurance activities through its subsidiaries. However, Astoria Bank is subject to regulations prohibiting depository institutions from conditioning the extension of credit to individuals upon either the purchase of an insurance product or annuity or an agreement by the consumer not to purchase an insurance product or annuity from an entity that is not affiliated with the depository institution. The regulations also require prior disclosure of this prohibition to potential insurance product or annuity customers. Privacy Protection Astoria Bank is subject to OCC regulations implementing the privacy protection provisions of the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act, or Gramm-Leach. These regulations require Astoria Bank to disclose its privacy policy, including identifying with whom it shares “nonpublic personal information,” to customers at the time of establishing the customer relationship and annually thereafter. The regulations also require Astoria Bank to provide its customers with initial and annual notices that accurately reflect its privacy policies and practices. In addition, to the extent its sharing of such information is not covered by an exception, Astoria Bank is required to provide its customers with the ability to “opt-out” of having Astoria Bank share their nonpublic personal information with unaffiliated third parties. Astoria Bank is subject to regulatory guidelines establishing standards for safeguarding customer information. These regulations implement certain provisions of Gramm-Leach. The guidelines describe the Agencies’ expectations for the creation, implementation and maintenance of an information security program, which would include administrative, technical and physical safeguards appropriate to the size and complexity of the institution and the nature and scope of its activities. The standards set forth in the guidelines are intended to ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information, protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of such records and protect against unauthorized access to or use of such records or information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. Anti-Money Laundering and Customer Identification Astoria Bank is subject to regulations implementing the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, or the USA PATRIOT Act. The USA PATRIOT Act gives the federal government powers to address terrorist threats through enhanced domestic security measures, expanded surveillance powers, increased information sharing and broadened anti-money laundering requirements. By way of amendments to the Bank Secrecy Act, Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act takes measures intended to encourage 34 Table of Contents information sharing among bank regulatory agencies and law enforcement bodies. Further, certain provisions of Title III impose affirmative obligations on a broad range of financial institutions, including banks, thrifts, brokers, dealers, credit unions, money transfer agents and parties registered under the Commodity Exchange Act. Among other requirements, Title III of the USA PATRIOT Act and the related regulations impose the following requirements with respect to financial institutions: • Establishment of anti-money laundering programs. • Establishment of a program specifying procedures for obtaining identifying information from customers seeking to open new accounts, including verifying the identity of customers within a reasonable period of time. • Establishment of enhanced due diligence policies, procedures and controls designed to detect and report money laundering. • Prohibition on correspondent accounts for foreign shell banks and compliance with recordkeeping obligations with respect to correspondent accounts of foreign banks. In addition, bank regulators are directed to consider a holding company’s effectiveness in combating money laundering when ruling on Bank Holding Company Act and Bank Merger Act applications. Federal Home Loan Bank System Astoria Bank is a member of the FHLB System which consists of twelve regional FHLBs. The FHLB provides a central credit facility primarily for member institutions. Astoria Bank, as a member of the FHLB-NY, is currently required to acquire and hold shares of the FHLB-NY Class B stock. The Class B stock has a par value of $100 per share and is redeemable upon five years notice, subject to certain conditions. The Class B stock has two subclasses, one for membership stock purchase requirements and the other for activity-based stock purchase requirements. The minimum stock investment requirement in the FHLB-NY Class B stock is the sum of the membership stock purchase requirement, determined on an annual basis at the end of each calendar year, and the activity-based stock purchase requirement, determined on a daily basis. For Astoria Bank, the membership stock purchase requirement is 0.15% of the Mortgage-Related Assets, as defined by the FHLB-NY, which consists principally of residential mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities including CMOs and REMICs, held by Astoria Bank. The activity-based stock purchase requirement for Astoria Bank is equal to the sum of: (1) 4.5% of outstanding borrowings from the FHLB-NY; (2) 4.5% of the outstanding principal balance of Acquired Member Assets, as defined by the FHLB-NY, and delivery commitments for Acquired Member Assets; (3) a specified dollar amount related to certain off-balance sheet items, which for Astoria Bank is zero; and (4) a specified percentage ranging from 0% to 5% of the carrying value on the FHLB-NY’s balance sheet of derivative contracts between the FHLB-NY and Astoria Bank, which for Astoria Bank is also zero. The FHLB-NY can adjust the specified percentages and dollar amount from time to time within the ranges established by the FHLB-NY capital plan. Astoria Bank was in compliance with the FHLB-NY minimum stock investment requirements with an investment in FHLB-NY stock at December 31, 2014 of $140.8 million . Dividends from the FHLB-NY to Astoria Bank amounted to $6.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2014 . Federal Reserve System FRB regulations require federally chartered savings associations to maintain cash reserves against their transaction accounts (primarily NOW and demand deposit accounts). A reserve of 3% is to be maintained against aggregate transaction accounts between $14.5 million and $103.6 million (subject to adjustment by the FRB) plus a reserve of 10% (subject to adjustment by the FRB between 8% and 14%) against that portion of total transaction accounts in excess of $103.6 million. The first $14.5 million of otherwise reservable balances (subject to adjustment by the FRB) is exempt from the reserve requirements. Astoria Bank is in compliance with the foregoing requirements. Required reserves must be maintained in the form of either vault cash, an account at a Federal Reserve Bank or a pass-through account as defined by the FRB. Pursuant to the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, the Federal 35 Table of Contents Reserve Banks pay interest on depository institutions’ required and excess reserve balances. The interest rate paid on required reserve balances is currently the average target federal funds rate over the reserve maintenance period. The rate on excess balances will be set equal to the lowest target federal funds rate in effect during the reserve maintenance period. Savings and Loan Holding Company Regulation We are a unitary savings and loan holding company within the meaning of the HOLA. As such, we are registered with the FRB and are subject to FRB regulation, examination, supervision and reporting requirements. In addition, the FRB has enforcement authority over us and our subsidiaries other than Astoria Bank. Among other things, this authority permits the FRB to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to the subsidiary savings association. Gramm-Leach also restricts the powers of new unitary savings and loan holding companies. Unitary savings and loan holding companies that are “grandfathered,” i.e., unitary savings and loan holding companies in existence or with applications filed with the Office of Thrift Supervision on or before May 4, 1999, such as us, retain their authority under the prior law. All other unitary savings and loan holding companies are limited to financially related activities permissible for financial holding companies, as defined under Gramm-Leach. Gramm-Leach also prohibits non-financial companies from acquiring grandfathered unitary savings and loan holding companies. Except under limited circumstances, a savings and loan holding company is prohibited (directly or indirectly, or through one or more subsidiaries) from (1) acquiring control of another savings association or holding company thereof, or acquiring all or substantially all of the assets thereof, without prior written approval of the FRB; (2) acquiring or retaining, with certain exceptions, more than 5% of the voting shares a non-subsidiary savings association, a non-subsidiary holding company, or a non-subsidiary company engaged in activities other than those permitted by the HOLA; or (3) acquiring or retaining control of a depository institution that is not federally insured. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings associations, the FRB must consider the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the company and institution involved, the effect of the acquisition on the risk to the DIF, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive factors. We are currently required to file an application with the FRB prior to declaring any cash dividend on our capital stock. The application must evidence our compliance with applicable FRB guidance regarding payment of dividends. The supervisory guidance issued by the FRB states that we should either eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends if (1) our net income available to common shareholders over the past year is insufficient to fully fund a dividend, (2) our prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with our capital needs and our overall current or prospective financial condition or (3) we will not meet, or are in danger of not meeting, our minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. In accordance with the Reform Act, the Agencies have established consolidated risk-based and leverage capital requirements for insured depository institutions, depository institution holding companies and systemically important nonbank financial companies. As a result, as discussed above, effective January 1, 2015, we became subject to consolidated capital requirements which we have not been subject to previously. In addition, pursuant to the Reform Act, we are required to serve as a source of strength for Astoria Bank. In October 2012, the FRB published two final rules with stress testing requirements for certain bank holding companies, state member banks, and savings and loan holding companies. In accordance with these rules, we would have been required to conduct annual stress tests as of September 30 of each year, submit regulatory reports to the FRB on our stress tests by the following March 31 and publicly disclose a summary of the results of the stress test between June 15 and June 30, beginning with the stress test cycle commencing in the year after the year in which we became subject to consolidated capital requirements. In October 2014, the FRB published a final rule that modified the start date of the stress test cycles from October 1 of a calendar year to January 1 of the following calendar year. We became subject to consolidated capital requirements on January 1, 2015 and, therefore, will be subject to the stress test requirements for the stress test cycle beginning January 1, 2016. Accordingly, we must conduct our first annual stress test using 36 Table of Contents financial data as of December 31, 2015, report the results of the stress test to the FRB on or before July 31, 2016 and publicly disclose a summary of the results of the stress test between October 15 and October 31, 2016. Federal Securities Laws We are subject to the periodic reporting, proxy solicitation, tender offer, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Exchange Act. Delaware Corporation Law We are incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. Thus, we are subject to regulation by the State of Delaware and the rights of our shareholders are governed by the Delaware General Corporation Law. Federal Taxation General We report our income on a calendar year basis using the accrual method of accounting and are subject to federal income taxation in the same manner as other corporations. Corporate Alternative Minimum Tax In addition to the regular income tax, corporations (including savings and loan associations) generally are subject to an alternative minimum tax, or AMT, in an amount equal to 20% of alternative minimum taxable income to the extent the AMT exceeds the corporation's regular tax. The AMT is available as a credit against future regular income tax. We do not expect to be subject to the AMT for federal tax purposes. Tax Bad Debt Reserves Effective for tax years commencing January 1, 1996, federal tax legislation modified the methods by which a thrift computes its bad debt deduction. As a result, Astoria Bank is required to claim a deduction equal to its actual loan loss experience, and the “reserve method” is no longer available. Any cumulative reserve additions (i.e., bad debt deductions) in excess of actual loss experience for tax years 1988 through 1995 have been fully recaptured over a six year period. Generally, reserve balances as of December 31, 1987 will only be subject to recapture upon distribution of such reserves to shareholders. For further discussion of bad debt reserves, see “Distributions.” Distributions To the extent that Astoria Bank makes “nondividend distributions” to shareholders, such distributions will be considered to result in distributions from Astoria Bank’s “base year reserve,” (i.e., its tax bad debt reserve as of December 31, 1987), to the extent thereof, and then from its supplemental tax-basis reserve for losses on loans, and an amount based on the amount distributed will be included in Astoria Bank’s taxable income. Nondividend distributions include distributions in excess of Astoria Bank’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, as calculated for federal income tax purposes, distributions in redemption of stock and distributions in partial or complete liquidation. However, dividends paid out of Astoria Bank’s current or accumulated earnings and profits will not constitute nondividend distributions and, therefore, will not be included in Astoria Bank’s taxable income. The amount of additional taxable income created from a nondividend distribution is an amount that, when reduced by the tax attributable to the income, is equal to the amount of the distribution. Thus, approximately one and one-half times the nondividend distribution would be includable in gross income for federal income tax purposes, assuming a 35% federal corporate income tax rate. 37 Table of Contents Dividends Received Deduction and Other Matters We may exclude from our income 100% of dividends received from Astoria Bank as a member of the same affiliated group of corporations. The corporate dividends received deduction is generally 70% in the case of dividends received from unaffiliated corporations with which we will not file a consolidated tax return, except that if we own more than 20% of the stock of a corporation distributing a dividend, 80% of any dividends received may be deducted. State and Local Taxation The following is a general discussion of taxation in NYS and New York City, which are the two principal tax jurisdictions affecting our operations. NYS Taxation NYS imposed an annual franchise tax on banking corporations, based on net income allocable to NYS, at a rate of 7.1%. If, however, the application of an alternative minimum tax (based on taxable assets allocated to New York, “alternative” net income, or a flat minimum fee) resulted in a greater tax, an alternative minimum tax was imposed. We were subject to the alternative minimum tax for NYS for the year ended December 31, 2014 . In addition, NYS imposed a tax surcharge of 17.0% of the NYS Franchise Tax, calculated using an annual franchise tax rate of 9.0% (which represented the 2000 annual franchise tax rate), allocable to business activities carried on in the Metropolitan Commuter Transportation District. These taxes applied to us, Astoria Bank and certain of Astoria Bank’s subsidiaries. Certain other subsidiaries were subject to a general business corporation tax in lieu of the tax on banking corporations or were subject to taxes of other jurisdictions. The rules regarding the determination of net income allocated to NYS and alternative minimum taxes differed for these subsidiaries. NYS passed legislation during 2010 to conform the bad debt deduction allowed under Article 32 of the NYS tax law to the bad debt deduction allowed for federal income tax purposes. As a result, Astoria Bank no longer establishes or maintains a New York reserve for losses on loans and is required to claim a deduction for bad debts in an amount equal to its actual loan loss experience. In addition, this legislation eliminated the potential recapture of the New York tax bad debt reserve that could have otherwise occurred in certain circumstances under NYS tax law prior to 2010. Fidata qualified for alternative tax treatment under Article 9A of the NYS tax law as a Connecticut passive investment company. Fidata maintains an office in Norwalk, Connecticut and invests in loans secured by real property. Such loans constitute intangible investments permitted to be held by a Connecticut passive investment company. NYS income tax legislation was enacted on March 31, 2014 in connection with the approval of the NYS 2014-2015 budget. Portions of the new legislation result in significant changes in the calculation of income taxes imposed on banks and thrifts operating in NYS, including changes to (1) future period NYS tax rates, (2) rules related to sourcing of revenue for NYS tax purposes and (3) the NYS taxation of entities within one corporate structure, among other provisions. In recent years, we have been subject to taxation in NYS under an alternative taxation method based on assets. The new legislation, among other things, removes that alternative method. Further, the new law (1) requires that we will be taxed in a manner that we believe may result in an increase in our tax expense beginning in 2015 and (2) caused us to recognize temporary differences and net operating loss carryforward benefits in 2014 which we were unable to recognize previously. New York City Taxation Astoria Bank is also subject to the New York City Financial Corporation Tax calculated, subject to a New York City income and expense allocation, on a similar basis as the NYS Franchise Tax. New York City also enacted legislation during 2010 that is substantially similar to the 2010 NYS legislation described above. A significant portion of Astoria Bank’s entire net income is derived from outside of the New York City jurisdiction which has the effect of significantly reducing the New York City taxable income of Astoria Bank. We were subject to the alternative minimum tax for New York City (which is similar to the NYS alternative minimum tax) for the year ended December 31, 2014 . 38 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of risk factors relevant to our operations which should be carefully reviewed. These risk factors do not necessarily appear in the order of importance. Changes in interest rates may reduce our net income. Our earnings depend largely on the relationship between the yield on our interest-earning assets, primarily our mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, and the cost of our deposits and borrowings. This relationship, known as the interest rate spread, is subject to fluctuation and is affected by economic and competitive factors which influence market interest rates, the volume and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the level of non-performing assets. Fluctuations in market interest rates affect customer demand for our products and services. We are subject to IRR to the degree that our interest-bearing liabilities reprice or mature more slowly or more rapidly or on a different basis than our interest-earning assets. In addition, the actual amount of time before mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities are repaid can be significantly impacted by changes in mortgage prepayment rates and market interest rates. Mortgage prepayment rates will vary due to a number of factors, including the regional economy in the area where the underlying mortgages were originated, seasonal factors, demographic variables and the assumability of the underlying mortgages. However, the major factors affecting prepayment rates are prevailing interest rates, related mortgage refinancing opportunities and competition. At December 31, 2014 , $700.0 million of our borrowings contain features that would allow them to be called during the 2015 first quarter and on a quarterly basis thereafter. This would generally occur during periods of rising interest rates. If this were to occur, we would need to either renew the borrowings at a potentially higher rate of interest, which would negatively impact our net interest income, or repay such borrowings. If we sell securities or other assets to fund the repayment of such borrowings, any decline in estimated market value with respect to the securities or assets sold would be realized and could result in a loss upon such sale. Interest rates do and will continue to fluctuate. Although we cannot predict future Federal Open Market Committee, or FOMC, or FRB actions or other factors that will cause rates to change, the FOMC reaffirmed its view that an accommodative monetary policy stance remains appropriate. This is a continuation of their efforts of the past few years during which we have seen historic lows on mortgage interest rates and elevated mortgage loan prepayments. While this may continue, a flat U.S. Treasury yield curve adversely impacts our net interest rate spread and net interest margin. No assurance can be given that changes in interest rates or mortgage loan prepayments will not have a negative impact on our net interest income, net interest rate spread or net interest margin. Our results of operations are affected by economic conditions in the New York metropolitan area and nationally. Our retail banking and a significant portion of our lending business (approximately 46% of our residential mortgage loan portfolio and substantially all of our multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loan portfolio at December 31, 2014 ) are concentrated in the New York metropolitan area. As a result of this geographic concentration, our results of operations largely depend upon economic conditions in this area, although they also depend on economic conditions in other areas. We are operating in a challenging economic environment, both nationally and locally. Financial institutions are affected by softness in the housing and real estate markets. Depressed real estate values and home sales volumes and financial stress on borrowers as a result of the economic environment, including elevated unemployment levels, could have an adverse effect on our borrowers, which could adversely affect our results of operations, as well as adversely affect our financial condition. In addition, depressed real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral for our loans. At December 31, 2014 , the average loan-to-value ratio of our mortgage loan portfolio was less than 55% based on current principal balances and original appraised values. However, no assurance can be given that the original appraised values are reflective of current market conditions as we have experienced significant declines in real estate values in all markets in which we lend. 39 Table of Contents As a residential lender, we are particularly vulnerable to the impact of a severe job loss recession. Significant increases in job losses and unemployment have a negative impact on the financial condition of residential borrowers and their ability to remain current on their mortgage loans. Continued weakness or deterioration in national and local economic conditions, including an accelerating pace of job losses, particularly in the New York metropolitan area, could have a material adverse impact on the quality of our loan portfolio, which could result in increases in delinquent loans, causing a decrease in our interest income as well as an adverse impact on our loan loss experience, causing an increase in our allowance for loan losses and related provision and a decrease in net income. Such deterioration could also adversely impact the demand for our products and services, and, accordingly, our results of operations. Strong competition within our market areas could hurt our profits and slow growth. Our profitability depends upon our continued ability to compete successfully in our market areas. The New York metropolitan area has a high density of financial institutions, a number of which are significantly larger and have greater financial resources than we have. We face intense competition both in making loans and attracting deposits. Our competition for loans, both locally and nationally, comes principally from commercial banks, savings banks, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking companies and credit unions. In recent years, we have expanded our multi-family and commercial real estate lending and business banking operations. These business lines are also being aggressively pursued by a number of competitors, both large and small. Our most direct competition for deposits comes from commercial banks, savings banks, savings and loan associations and credit unions. We also face competition for deposits from money market mutual funds and other corporate and government securities funds as well as from other financial intermediaries such as brokerage firms and insurance companies. Price competition for loans and deposits could result in earning less on our loans and paying more on our deposits, which would reduce our net interest income. Competition also makes it more difficult to grow our loan and deposit balances. We may not be able to fully execute on our strategic initiatives which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We have historically been a community-oriented retail bank offering traditional deposit products and focusing on residential mortgage lending. However, the economic environment over the past several years has made it difficult for us to profitably grow our business in the same manner as it has in the past. Accordingly, we continue to implement strategies to grow other loan categories to diversify earning assets and to increase low cost core deposits. These strategies include continued reliance on our multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage lending operations and expanding our business banking operations. Our business banking initiative includes focusing on small and middle market businesses, with an emphasis on attracting clients from larger competitors. We continue to explore opportunities to selectively expand our physical presence, consisting presently of our branch network of 87 locations plus our dedicated business banking office in midtown Manhattan, into other prime locations in Manhattan and on Long Island from which to better serve and build our business banking relationships. There are costs, risks and uncertainties associated with the development, implementation and execution of these new initiatives, including the investment of time and resources, the possibility that these initiatives will be unprofitable and the risk of additional liabilities associated with these initiatives. In addition, our ability to successfully execute on these new initiatives will depend in part on our ability to attract and retain talented individuals to help manage these initiatives and the existence of satisfactory market conditions that will allow us to profitably grow these businesses. Our potential inability to successfully execute these initiatives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We expect our non-interest expense to increase in connection with the increased staff related to these initiatives and the potential addition of new branches. We anticipate realizing these costs in advance of realizing increased revenues and deposit growth from these initiatives. Multi-family and commercial real estate lending may expose us to increased lending risks. Our policy generally has been to originate multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loans in the New York metropolitan area. At December 31, 2014 , multi-family mortgage loans totaled $3.91 billion , or 33% of our total loan portfolio, and commercial real estate mortgage loans totaled $873.8 million , or 7% of our total loan portfolio. Our combined multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loan portfolio increased $677.4 million , or 16% , from 40 Table of Contents December 31, 2013 to December 31, 2014 . As a result of our growth of these portfolios in the past several years and planned future growth, these loans require more ongoing evaluation and monitoring and we are implementing enhanced risk management policies, procedures and controls. Multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loans generally involve a greater degree of credit risk than residential mortgage loans because they typically have larger balances and are more affected by adverse conditions in the economy. Because payments on loans secured by multi-family properties and commercial real estate often depend upon the successful operation and management of the properties and the businesses which operate from within them, repayment of such loans may be affected by factors outside the borrower’s control, such as adverse conditions in the real estate market or the economy or changes in government regulation. Our failure to adequately implement enhanced risk management practices could adversely affect our ability to increase our multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loan portfolio. At December 31, 2014 , non-performing multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loans totaled $21.6 million , or 0.45% of our total portfolio of multi-family and commercial real estate mortgage loans. The shift in the status of loans in our residential mortgage loan portfolio from interest-only to amortizing may expose us to increased risk of borrower delinquencies. At December 31, 2014, our interest-only residential mortgage loan portfolio totaled $1.47 billion, of which $573.6 million is scheduled to commence principal amortization during 2015. In addition, at December 31, 2014, $1.06 billion of residential mortgage loans originated in prior years as interest-only loans were included in our portfolio of amortizing residential mortgage loans as a result of a refinance with us or through the conversion to amortizing loans at the end of their initial interest-only period, of which $354.3 million were refinanced or converted to amortizing loans during 2014. After a refinance or conversion to an amortizing loan, a borrower’s monthly payment may increase by a substantial amount and the borrower may not be able to afford the increased monthly payment, which could result in increased delinquencies and, accordingly, adversely affect our results of operations. Astoria Bank’s ability to pay dividends or lend funds to us is subject to regulatory limitations which, to the extent we need but are not able to access such funds, may prevent us from making future dividend payments or principal and interest payments due on our debt obligations. We are a unitary savings and loan holding company currently regulated by the FRB and almost all of our operating assets are owned by Astoria Bank. We rely primarily on dividends from Astoria Bank to pay cash dividends to our stockholders, to engage in share repurchase programs and to pay principal and interest on our debt obligations. The OCC regulates all capital distributions by Astoria Bank directly or indirectly to us, including dividend payments. As the subsidiary of a savings and loan holding company, Astoria Bank must file a notice with the OCC at least 30 days prior to each capital distribution. If the total amount of all capital distributions (including each proposed capital distribution) for the applicable calendar year exceeds net income for that year to date plus the retained net income for the preceding two years, then Astoria Bank must file an application to receive the approval of the OCC for a proposed capital distribution. During 2014 , Astoria Bank was not required to file such applications, but was required to, and did, notify the OCC of its intent to pay dividends, to which the OCC did not object. Astoria Bank must also provide notice to the FRB at least 30 days prior to declaring a dividend. In addition, Astoria Bank may not pay dividends to us if, after paying those dividends, it would fail to meet the required minimum levels under risk-based capital guidelines and the minimum leverage and tangible capital ratio requirements or the OCC notified Astoria Bank that it was in need of more than normal supervision. Under the prompt corrective action provisions of the FDIA, an insured depository institution such as Astoria Bank is prohibited from making a capital distribution, including the payment of dividends, if, after making such distribution, the institution would become “undercapitalized” (as such term is used in the FDIA). Payment of dividends by Astoria Bank also may be restricted at any time at the discretion of the OCC if it deems the payment to constitute an unsafe or unsound banking practice. Furthermore, capital standards imposed on us and similarly situated institutions have been and continue to be refined by bank regulatory agencies under the Reform Act. Deterioration of economic conditions and further changes to regulatory guidance could result in revised capital standards that may indicate the need for us or Astoria Bank to maintain greater capital positions, which could lead to limitations in dividend payments to us by Astoria Bank. 41 Table of Contents There can be no assurance that Astoria Bank will be able to pay dividends at past levels, or at all, in the future. If we do not receive sufficient cash dividends or are unable to borrow from Astoria Bank, then we may not have sufficient funds to pay dividends to our shareholders, repurchase our common stock or service our debt obligations. In addition to regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends, Astoria Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on any extensions of credit it makes to its affiliates and on investments in stock or other securities of its affiliates. We are considered an affiliate of Astoria Bank. These restrictions prevent affiliates of Astoria Bank, including us, from borrowing from Astoria Bank, unless various types of collateral secure the loans. Federal law limits the aggregate amount of loans to and investments in any single affiliate to 10% of Astoria Bank’s capital stock and surplus and also limits the aggregate amount of loans to and investments in all affiliates to 20% of Astoria Bank’s capital stock and surplus. The Reform Act imposes further restrictions on transactions with affiliates and extensions of credit to executive officers, directors and principal shareholders, by, among other things, expanding covered transactions to include securities lending, repurchase agreement and derivatives activities with affiliates. We are subject to regulatory requirements and limitations that may impact our ability to pay future dividends. We are currently required to file an application with the FRB prior to declaring a cash dividend on our capital stock. The application must evidence our compliance with applicable FRB guidance regarding payment of dividends. The supervisory guidance issued by the FRB states that we should either eliminate, defer or significantly reduce dividends if (1) our net income available to common shareholders over the past year is insufficient to fully fund a dividend, (2) our prospective rate of earnings retention is not consistent with our capital needs and our overall current or prospective financial condition or (3) we will not meet, or are in danger of not meeting, our minimum regulatory capital adequacy ratios. We operate in a highly regulated industry, which limits the manner and scope of our business activities. We are subject to extensive supervision, regulation and examination by the FRB, OCC, CFPB and FDIC. As a result, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, undertake new investments and activities and obtain financing. This regulatory structure is designed primarily for the protection of the DIF and our depositors, as well as other consumers, and not to benefit our stockholders. This regulatory structure also gives the regulatory authorities extensive discretion in connection with their supervisory and enforcement activities and examination policies, including policies with respect to capital levels, the timing and amount of dividend payments, the classification of assets and the establishment of adequate loan loss reserves for regulatory purposes. In addition, we must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws. Our failure to comply with applicable regulations, or the failure to develop, implement and comply with corrective action plans to address any identified areas of noncompliance, may result in the assessment of fines and penalties and the commencement of informal or formal regulatory enforcement actions against us. Other negative consequences also can result from such failures, including regulatory restrictions on our activities, reputational damage, restrictions on the ability of institutional investment managers to invest in our securities and increases in our costs of doing business. Increases in our costs of doing business may include increased salaries and benefits expenses associated with hiring additional employees, incurring fees and expenses for outside services, such as consulting and legal advice, and costs associated with enhancing or acquiring systems and technological infrastructure to strengthen our regulatory compliance program. The occurrence of one or more of these events may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Changes in laws, government regulation and monetary policy may have a material effect on our results of operations. Financial institutions have been the subject of significant legislative and regulatory changes and may be the subject of further significant legislation or regulation in the future, none of which is within our control. Significant new laws or regulations or changes in, or repeals of, existing laws or regulations, including, but not limited to, those with respect to federal, state and local taxation, may increase our costs, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities or cause our results of operations to differ materially. In addition, the costs and burden of compliance have significantly increased and could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. Further, federal monetary policy significantly affects credit 42 Table of Contents conditions for Astoria Bank, as well as for our borrowers, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve System, primarily through open market operations in U.S. government securities, the discount rate for bank borrowings and reserve requirements. A material change in any of these conditions could have a material impact on Astoria Bank or our borrowers, and therefore on our results of operations. New and future rulemaking from the CFPB may have a material effect on our operations and operating costs. The CFPB has the authority to implement and enforce a variety of existing consumer protection statutes and to issue new regulations and, with respect to institutions of our size, has exclusive examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to such laws and regulations and is authorized, individually or jointly with the Agencies, to conduct investigations to determine whether any person is, or has, engaged in conduct that violates such laws or regulations. In addition, in accordance with a memorandum of understanding entered into between the CFPB and DOJ, the two agencies have agreed to coordinate efforts related to enforcing the fair lending laws, which includes information sharing and conducting joint investigations. As an independent bureau within the FRB, the CFPB may impose requirements more severe than the previous bank regulatory agencies. The CFPB has initiated enforcement actions against a variety of bank and non-bank market participants with respect to a number of consumer financial products and services that has resulted in those participants expending significant time, money and resources to adjust to the initiatives being pursued by the CFPB. These enforcement actions may serve as precedent for how the CFPB interprets and enforces consumer protection laws with respect to all supervised institutions, which may result in the imposition of higher standards of compliance with such laws. Pursuant to the Reform Act, the CFPB issued a series of final rules in January 2013 related to mortgage loan origination and mortgage loan servicing. These final rules, most provisions of which became effective in January 2014, prohibit creditors, such as Astoria Bank, from extending mortgage loans without regard for the consumer’s ability to repay and add restrictions and requirements to mortgage origination and servicing practices. In addition, these rules restrict the application of prepayment penalties and compensation practices relating to mortgage loan underwriting. Compliance with these rules has increased our overall regulatory compliance costs and required us to change our underwriting practices. Moreover, these rules may adversely affect the volume of mortgage loans that we underwrite and may subject Astoria Bank to increased potential liability related to its residential loan origination activities. As a result of the Reform Act and related rulemaking, we have become subject to more stringent capital requirements. Pursuant to the Reform Act, the Agencies adopted the Final Capital Rules in July 2013 to update the Agencies’ general risk-based capital and leverage capital requirements to incorporate agreements reflected in the Basel III capital standards as well as the requirements of the Reform Act. Among other things, the Final Capital Rules established a new minimum common equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 4.5% and increased the minimum Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio from 4.0% to 6.0%. In addition, the Final Capital Rules added a requirement to maintain a minimum Conservation Buffer, composed of common equity Tier 1 capital, of 2.5% of risk-weighted assets and provided that the failure to maintain the minimum Conservation Buffer will result in restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary cash bonus payments to executive officers. The Final Capital Rules also subjected many savings and loan holding companies, such as Astoria Financial Corporation, to consolidated capital requirements. The Final Capital Rules are described in more detail in Item 1, “Business - Regulation and Supervision - Capital Requirements.” The new minimum regulatory capital ratios under the Final Capital Rules became effective for Astoria Bank and Astoria Financial Corporation on January 1, 2015. The failure to meet the established capital requirements could result in the FRB placing limitations or conditions on our activities or restricting the commencement of new activities, and such failure could subject us to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities, including limiting our ability to pay dividends; issuing a directive to increase our capital; and terminating our FDIC deposit insurance. 43 Table of Contents Our ability to originate residential mortgage loans for portfolio has been adversely affected by the increased competition resulting from the unprecedented involvement of the U.S. government and GSEs in the residential mortgage market. Over the past several years, we have faced increased competition for residential mortgage loans due to the unprecedented involvement of the GSEs in the mortgage market as a result of the economic crisis, which has caused the interest rate for 30 year fixed rate mortgage loans that conform to GSE guidelines to remain artificially low. In addition, the U.S. Congress has expanded the conforming loan limits in many of our operating markets, allowing larger balance loans to continue to be acquired by the GSEs. As a result, more loans in our portfolio qualified under the expanded conforming loan limits and were refinanced into conforming fixed rate mortgages which we originate but do not retain for portfolio. Our residential mortgage loan repayments have remained at elevated levels and outpaced our loan production as a result of these factors, making it difficult for us to grow our residential mortgage loan portfolio and balance sheet. The ultimate resolution of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac may materially impact our results of operations. Both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are under conservatorship with the Federal Housing Finance Agency, or the FHFA. In February 2012, the FHFA delivered a strategic plan to Congress to wind down Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac over the next several years. This plan included building a new infrastructure for the secondary mortgage market, continuing to shrink Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s operations by reducing direct funding of mortgages, and maintaining foreclosure prevention activities and credit availability for new and refinanced mortgages. In addition, in August 2012, the FHFA and the U.S. Treasury announced further steps to expedite the winding down of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac by accelerating the rate at which Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s investment portfolios will be reduced. Pursuant to these steps, Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s investment portfolios must be reduced to the agreed target four years earlier than previously scheduled. In May 2014, the FHFA set forth a new strategic plan which included maintaining and improving Fannie Mae’s and Freddie Mac’s foreclosure prevention activities and credit availability, reducing taxpayer risk through increasing the role of private capital in the mortgage market and building a new single-family securitization infrastructure for use by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and adaptable for use by other participants in the secondary market. We cannot be certain if or when Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will be wound down, if or when reform of the housing finance market will be implemented or what the future role of the U.S. government will be in the mortgage market, and, accordingly, we will not be able to determine the impact that any such reform may have on us until a definitive reform plan is adopted. Changes in the fair value of our securities may reduce our stockholders’ equity and net income. At December 31, 2014 , $384.4 million of our securities were classified as available-for-sale. The estimated fair value of our available-for-sale securities portfolio may increase or decrease depending on changes in interest rates. In general, as interest rates rise, the estimated fair value of our fixed rate securities portfolio will decrease. Our securities portfolio is comprised primarily of fixed rate securities. We increase or decrease stockholders’ equity by the amount of the change in the unrealized gain or loss (difference between the estimated fair value and the amortized cost) of our available-for-sale securities portfolio, net of the related tax effect, under the category of accumulated other comprehensive income/loss. Therefore, a decline in the estimated fair value of this portfolio will result in a decline in reported stockholders’ equity, as well as book value per common share and tangible book value per common share. This decrease will occur even though the securities are not sold. In the case of debt securities, if these securities are never sold, the decrease will be recovered over the life of the securities. We conduct a periodic review and evaluation of the securities portfolio to determine if the decline in the fair value of any security below its cost basis is other-than-temporary. Factors which we consider in our analysis include, but are not limited to, the severity and duration of the decline in fair value of the security, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, whether the decline appears to be related to issuer conditions or general market or industry conditions, our intent and ability to not sell the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value and the likelihood of any near-term fair value recovery. We generally view changes in fair value caused by changes in interest rates as temporary, which is consistent with our experience. If we deem such decline to be other-than-temporary, the security is written down to a new cost basis and the resulting loss is charged to earnings as a component of non-interest income, except for the amount of the total other-than-temporary impairment, or OTTI, 44 Table of Contents for a debt security that does not represent credit losses which is recognized in other comprehensive income/loss, net of applicable taxes. We have, in the past, recorded OTTI charges. We continue to monitor the fair value of our securities portfolio as part of our ongoing OTTI evaluation process. No assurance can be given that we will not need to recognize OTTI charges related to securities in the future. Declines in the market value of our common stock may have a material effect on the value of our reporting unit which could result in a goodwill impairment charge and adversely affect our results of operations. At December 31, 2014 , the carrying amount of our goodwill totaled $185.2 million . We performed our annual goodwill impairment test as of September 30, 2014 and determined there was no goodwill impairment as of our annual impairment test date. We would test our goodwill for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting unit below its carrying amount. No events have occurred and no circumstances have changed since our annual impairment test date that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting unit below its carrying amount. Our market capitalization is less than our total stockholders’ equity at December 31, 2014 . We considered this and other factors in our goodwill impairment analyses. No assurance can be given that we will not record an impairment loss on goodwill in a subsequent period. However, our tangible capital ratio and Astoria Bank’s regulatory capital ratios would not be affected by this potential non-cash expense. A natural disaster could harm our business. Natural disasters can disrupt our operations, result in damage to our properties, reduce or destroy the value of the collateral for our loans and negatively affect the local economies in which we operate, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The occurrence of a natural disaster could result in one or more of the following: (1) an increase in delinquent loans; (2) an increase in problem assets and foreclosures; (3) a decrease in the demand for our products and services; or (4) a decrease in the value of the collateral for loans, especially real estate, in turn reducing customers' borrowing power, the value of assets associated with problem loans and collateral coverage. The occurrence of any failure, breach or interruption in service involving our systems or those of our service providers, including as a result of a cyber attack, could damage our reputation, cause losses, increase our expenses and result in a loss of customers, an increase in regulatory scrutiny or expose us to civil litigation and possibly financial liability, any of which could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and the market price of our stock. Communications and information systems are essential to the conduct of our business, as we use such systems to manage our customer relationships, our general ledger, our deposits and our loans. In the normal course of our business, we collect, process, retain and transmit (by email and other electronic means) sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers, employees and others. We also outsource certain aspects of our data processing to certain third-party providers. In addition to confidential information regarding our customers, employees and others, we, and in some cases a third party, compile, process, transmit and store proprietary, non-public information concerning our business, operations, plans and strategies. As a result, our business and operations depend on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third party service providers. Although we devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems through information security measures and business continuity programs, our facilities, computer systems, software and networks, and those of our third party service providers, may be vulnerable to external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses or other malicious code and cyber attacks that could have a security impact. In addition, breaches of security may occur through intentional or unintentional acts by those having authorized or unauthorized access to our confidential or other information or the confidential or other information of our customers, clients or counterparties. While we regularly conduct security assessments on our third party service providers, there 45 Table of Contents can be no assurance that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber attack or other security breach. Information security risks for financial institutions like us have increased recently in part because of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct financial and other business transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists and others. In addition to cyber-attacks or other security breaches involving the theft of sensitive and confidential information, hackers recently have engaged in attacks against large financial institutions, particularly denial of service attacks, that are designed to disrupt key business services, such as customer-facing web sites. We are not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. We use a variety of physical, procedural and technological safeguards to prevent or limit the impact of system failures, interruptions and security breaches and to protect confidential information from mishandling, misuse or loss, including detection and response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents. However, there can be no assurance that such events will not occur or that they will be promptly detected and adequately addressed if they do, and early detection of security breaches may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. If there is a failure in or breach of our computer systems or networks, or those of a third-party service provider, the confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, such computer systems and networks could potentially be jeopardized, or could otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations or the operations of our customers, clients or counterparties. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could subject us to litigation or regulatory scrutiny, cause us significant reputational damage or erode confidence in the security of our systems, products and services, cause us to lose customers or have greater difficulty in attracting new customers, have an adverse effect on the value of our common stock or subject us to financial losses that are either not insured or not fully covered by insurance, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, as information security risks and cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to further enhance or modify our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from operational and security risks. Our stress testing processes rely on analytical and forecasting models that may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate, which could adversely affect the effectiveness of our strategic planning and our ability to pursue certain corporate goals. The processes we use to estimate the effects of changing interest rates, real estate values and economic indicators such as unemployment on our financial condition and results of operations depend upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. These models reflect assumptions that may not be accurate, particularly in times of market stress or other unforeseen circumstances. Furthermore, even if our assumptions are accurate predictors of future performance, the models they are based on may prove to be inadequate or inaccurate because of other flaws in their design or implementation. If the models we use in the process of managing our interest rate and other risks prove to be inadequate or inaccurate, we could incur increased or unexpected losses which, in turn, could adversely affect our earnings and capital. Furthermore, the assumptions we utilize for our stress tests may not meet with regulatory approval, which could result in our stress testing receiving a failing grade. In addition to adversely affecting our reputation, failing our stress tests could preclude or delay our ability to grow through acquisition and could lead to a reduction in our quarterly cash dividends. Many aspects of our operations are dependent upon the soundness of other financial intermediaries. The commercial soundness of many financial institutions may be closely interrelated as a result of credit, trading, execution of transactions or other relationships between the institutions. As a result, concerns about, or a default or threatened default by, one institution could lead to significant market-wide liquidity and credit problems, losses or defaults by other institutions. This is sometimes referred to as “systemic risk” and may adversely affect financial 46 Table of Contents intermediaries, such as clearing agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges, with which we interact on a daily basis, and therefore could adversely us. 