”. Trademarks
and Service Marks ACI, the ACI logo, ACI Worldwide, BASE24-eps, BASE24, ACI Payment Systems, ACI Payment Systems logo, ACI Payment Systems
– Trusted Globally, BASE24-atm, BASE24-Card, BASE24-pos, BASE24-Teller, Credisphere, Distra, Enguard, Money HQ, Online Resources, Payanyone, PayMyBill, Prism, Prism Credit, Prism Debit, Prism Merchant, Real-Time Digital Scanline, Red Shield,
Universal Payments, UP, UP logo, IBroker, IEX, Iexchange, ACI Universal Payments, ACI Universal Payments Platform, Postilion, among others, are registered trademarks and/or registered service marks of ACI Worldwide, Inc., or one of its subsidiaries,
in the United States and/or other countries. Agile Payment Solution, ACI Enterprise Banker, ACI Global Banker, ACI Retail Commerce Server, AS/X, ACI Issuer, ACI Acquirer, ACI Interchange, ACI Token Manager, ACI Payments Manager, ACI Card Management
System, ACI Smart Chip Manager, ACI Dispute Management System, ACI Simulation Services for Enterprise Testing or ASSET, ACI Money Transfer System, NET24, ACI Proactive Risk Manager, PRM, ACI Case Manager System, ACI Communication Services, ACI
Enterprise Security Services, ACI Web Access Services, ACI Monitoring and Management and ACI DataWise, UPP, ACI Universal Online Banker, ACI Mobile Channel Manager among others, have pending registrations or are common-law trademarks and/or service
marks of ACI Worldwide, Inc., or one of its subsidiaries, in the United States and/or other countries. Other parties’ marks referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners. 3 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General ACI Worldwide, Inc. (“ACI”, “ACI Worldwide”, the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is a
Delaware corporation incorporated in November 1993 under the name ACI Holding, Inc. ACI is largely the successor to Applied Communications, Inc. and Applied Communications Inc. Limited, which we acquired from Tandem Computers Incorporated on
December 31, 1993. On July 24, 2007, we changed our corporate name from “Transaction Systems Architects, Inc.” to “ACI Worldwide, Inc.” We have been marketing our products and services under the ACI Worldwide brand
since 1993 and have gained significant market recognition under this brand name. We develop, market, install and support a broad line of
software products and services primarily focused on facilitating electronic payments. In addition to our own products, we distribute or act as a sales agent for software developed by third parties. These products and services are used principally by
financial institutions, retailers, billers and electronic payment processors, both in domestic and international markets. Most of our products are sold and supported through distribution networks covering three geographic regions – the
Americas, Europe/Middle East/Africa (“EMEA”) and Asia/Pacific. Each distribution network has its own sales force that it supplements with independent reseller and/or distributor networks. The electronic payments market is comprised of financial institutions, retailers, billers, third-party electronic payment processors, payment
associations, switch interchanges and a wide range of transaction-generating endpoints, including automated teller machines (“ATM”), retail merchant locations, bank branches, mobile phones, corporations and Internet commerce sites. The
authentication, authorization, switching, settlement and reconciliation of electronic payments is a complex activity due to the large number of locations and variety of sources from which transactions can be generated, the large number of
participants in the market, high transaction volumes, geographically dispersed networks, differing types of authorization, and varied reporting requirements. These activities are typically performed online and are often conducted 24 hours a day,
seven days a week. ACI combines a global perspective with local presence to tailor electronic payment solutions for our customers. We believe
that we have one of the most diverse and robust product portfolios in the bill payments industry with application software spanning the entire payments value chain. We also believe that our strong financial performance has been attributable to our
ability to design and deliver quality products coupled with our ability to identify and successfully consummate and integrate strategic acquisitions. Recent Acquisitions Fiscal 2014 Acquisitions Retail Decisions On August 12,
2014, we completed our acquisition of ReD and all its subsidiaries. As a leader in fraud prevention solutions, the acquisition of ReD enhances our Universal Payments strategy and further strengthens our leadership position in the fast-growing
payments risk management space. Fiscal 2013 Acquisitions Official Payments Holdings, Inc. On November 5, 2013, we completed our tender offer
for Official Payments Holdings, Inc. (“OPAY”) and all its subsidiaries. OPAY was a leading provider of electronic bill payment solutions in the U.S., serving federal, state 4 Table of Contents and local governments, municipal utilities, higher education institutions and charitable giving organizations. OPAY further extended our leadership in the fast-growing Electronic Bill Presentment
and Payment (“EBPP”) space, expanding our portfolio across key sectors. Online Resources Corporation On March 11, 2013, we completed our tender offer for Online Resources Corporation (“ORCC”) and all its subsidiaries. ORCC was a leading
provider of online banking and full service bill pay solutions. ORCC added EBPP solutions as a strategic part of our Universal Payments portfolio. ORCC also strengthened our online banking capabilities with complementary technology, and expanded our
leadership in serving community banking and credit union customers. Profesionales en Transacciones Electronicas S.A. We acquired 100% of Profesionales en Transacciones Electronicas S.A. – Venezuela (“PTESA-V”), 100% of Profesionales en Transacciones
Electronicas S.A. – Ecuador (“PTESA-E”), and the ACI related assets of Profesionales en Transacciones Electronicas S.A. – Colombia (“PTESA-C”), collectively “PTESA”, on March 1, 2013. PTESA had been our
long-term partner, serving customers in South America in sales, service and support functions. The addition of the PTESA team to ACI reinforced our commitment to serve the Latin American market. Fiscal 2012 Acquisitions Distra Pty
Ltd On September 18, 2012, we closed the acquisition of Distra Pty Ltd (“Distra”). The Distra Universal Payments Platform
delivers a fault-tolerant, Service-Oriented Architecture (SOA)-based payments platform that helps to significantly reduce the risk and cost of payments transformation without compromising security, performance, scalability and reliability. The
integration of ACI and Distra technologies enables financial institutions, processors and retailers to enhance the flexibility and performance of their existing payments infrastructure to address market needs, such as mobile, social channels and
payment service hubs. In addition, this acquisition enables our payment products to integrate more tightly with customers’ enterprise architectures, reducing their total cost of ownership. North Data Uruguay S.A. On May 24,
2012, we closed the acquisition of North Data Uruguay S.A. (“North Data”). North Data had been a long-term partner of ours, serving customers in South America in sales, service and support functions. The addition of the North Data team to
the Company reinforced our commitment to serve the Latin American market. SI Corporation On February 10, 2012, we acquired S1 Corporation (“S1”) and all its subsidiaries. The acquisition of S1 further increased our international
capacity and further positioned us as a full-service global leader of financial and payment solutions, with the ability to deliver a broader suite of payment offerings globally targeting financial organizations, processors and retailers. Supported
by a global team of expert, local employees, S1 brought to us a highly complementary set of products, strong global capabilities and success with a range of financial institutions and retailers. Products ACI’s integrated suite of
software products and hosted services deliver a broad range of solutions for payments processing, card and merchant management, EBPP, online banking, mobile, branch and voice banking, fraud detection and trade finance. Trusted by over 5,600
organizations globally, ACI serves four primary market audiences: • Financial institutions, including global, national, regional, and community banks and credit unions 5 Table of Contents • Processors • Retailers • Billers Our products
cover several different domains within the payments and banking marketplace: • Online Banking and Cash Management – the management of payments and cash flows across accounts globally through the online or mobile
channel • Branch – the management and processing of monetary, non-monetary, sales and account origination financial transactions • Trade Finance – the management of all trade related transaction types, both traditional trade and open account instruments with the ability
for end users to view and track those transactions through the online channel • Community Financial Services – the online and mobile banking and payment systems, and security solutions that service community banks and
credit unions • Retail Banking Payments – we provide the software to support in-house issuance of payment instruments (e.g. card, tokens and virtual cards)
and the management of a consumer payment from transaction acquiring through the lifecycle within the banking system to settlement; which we split into Payments Processing and Card and Merchant Management • Transaction Banking Payments – the management of primarily corporate payments and messages through their lifecycle including real time
gross settlement (“RTGS”) payments, ACH payments, and Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (“SWIFT”) transactions • Retailers – the management of a consumer payment within a retailer and supporting services such as the management of store and gift card
and loyalty programs • Payments Risk Management – the securing of payments against fraud and money laundering • Payment Infrastructure – the tools and infrastructure to operate and optimize the payments system • Billers – Electronic bill presentment and payment enables the presentment of bills and the collection of payments for these bills from
consumers for billers, including, for example, tax authorities, higher education providers, utilities, and health care providers The sections below provide an overview of our major software products within these domains. Our
ACI Agile Payments Solution vision recognized the long term direction to migrate payments processing from the discrete structures to a set of service-based enterprise payments solutions. The first stage of the strategy was to deliver tight
integration between the existing products allowing for the delivery of capability solutions that crossed domains. We continued to evolve our solution offerings in a way that organizations can benefit from the integrated and enterprise capabilities
of the entire ACI product portfolio as we provided the market with a comprehensive set of payment solutions covering a wide range of needs. As we progressed on this journey we made significant investments to accelerate the delivery for our customers
through both internal development and acquisition. Notably in 2012, ACI acquired S1 and Distra, both of which expanded the breadth and scale of ACI’s offerings, as well as accelerated the delivery of our technology vision to the marketplace.
The EBPP related acquisitions in 2013 further added to our payments products portfolio and added assets that both allow us to provide a wider set of payments solutions to new market segments and complement our existing solutions, while the 2014
acquisition of ReD further strengthened our position in the payment risk management space. Our strategy allows ACI to deliver an end-to-end payment system that supports any payment type, device or channel globally. During 2013 this comprehensive
view of our payments capabilities, technologies and solutions was rebranded as Universal Payments which superseded the use of the ACI Agile Payments Solution terminology. 6 Table of Contents Universal Payments, or “UP” now describes the breadth and depth of ACI’s product offerings. UP defines ACI’s true enterprise or “universal” payments capabilities
targeting any channel, any network, and any payment type. ACI UP solutions empower customers to regain control, choice and flexibility in today’s complex payment environment, get to market more quickly and reduce operational costs. Online Banking and Cash Management, Branch and Trade Finance Within the Online Banking and Cash Management, Branch and Trade domain, ACI has the following products: ACI Enterprise Banker is a comprehensive Internet-based business banking product for financial institutions including banks, brokerage firms and credit unions and can be flexibly packaged for
small, medium and large business customers. This product provides these customers with electronic payment initiation capability, information reporting, and numerous other payment related services that allow the business customer to manage all its
banking needs via the Internet. The functionality was extended to include mobile banking services solutions. With our partner mShift, we support tablets such as the iPad. ACI Global Banker provides single-window access to corporate cash management, trade finance, FX services, reporting and data exchange. Global Banker supports single-window, Single Sign-On access to
a bank’s corporate Internet banking platform. This enterprise-wide, multi-country, multi-language, multi-currency solution allows banks of all sizes to uniquely package products and services for different countries and segments – or
even individual customers – from a single, flexible platform. ACI Online Banking provides a rich banking user
experience so consumers to micro- and mid-market businesses can effortlessly manage their money. Financial institutions can create distinctive product bundles that deliver the right mix of services and customized user experience to each of their
retail market segments. Online Banking delivers services today’s saavy customers want – personal finance management, electronic bill presentment and payment, mobile banking, account transfers and alerts. ACI Universal Online Banker is a comprehensive Internet-based banking product for financial institutions including banks,
brokerage firms and credit unions and can be flexibly packaged for small, medium and large business customers as well as individual consumers. This product provides these customers with electronic payment initiation capability, information
reporting, and numerous other cash management services that allow the business customer to manage all its banking needs via the Internet as well as mobile channels. InterACT Universal Banker is a multi-channel product suite that supports the processing of monetary, non-monetary, sales and account origination transactions across multiple channels including
branch, call center and back office, as well as delivering extended branch support for browser based employees such as relationship managers or calling officers. ACI Global Trade Manager allows client access that enables corporate clients of the bank to access, enter and track their entire trade portfolio of traditional trade and open account instrument
over the Internet. This product is also utilized in the wholesale domain. ACI Mobile Channel Manager allows
organizations to provide consumers, business and corporate customers with mobile access to functions across the banking and payments spectrum. When used with ACI banking products and payment engines, Mobile Channel Manager enables mobile functions
that might include account management, balance inquiries, transfers, bill payments, person-to-person (“P2P”) payments (including PayPal), pre-paid purchases, remote deposit capture, ATM/branch locator, and Short Message Service
(“SMS”) notifications. Community Financial Services Within the Community Financial Services domain, ACI currently offers three main suites of hosted solutions: Online and Mobile Banking solutions for Community Banks and Credit Unions offers full-featured, robust solutions for any financial institution. Architect digital banking provides banks and credit
unions with a 7 Table of Contents customized user experience, robust marketing options, a single platform for business and retail users, and software development kit (“SDK”). Self Service Banking is a full-featured
self-service banking solution that includes online banking, voice banking and mobile banking for consumer and small-to-mid-size businesses, all from a single hosted platform. The Web Federal suite provides credit unions with online banking, business
solutions, mobile banking, Customer Relationship Management (“CRM”) Marketing, and creative and web design services. ACI Defense is a full-service security solution for community banks and credit unions. The ACI Defense suite of solutions helps
U.S. financial institutions address security compliance obligations with firewall and intrusion prevention services, security assessments, vulnerability testing, endpoint and mobile protection, email security and encryption and identity
theft/anti-phishing services. Online Bill Payment and Presentment provides full-service bill payment solutions for
community banks and credit unions, including pay-anyone functionality, online bill presentment, P2P and account-to-account (“A2A”) payments and express pay services. Retail Banking Payments – Payments Processing Our retail payments processing
products are designed to acquire electronic payment transactions from transaction generators and route them to acquiring institutions so that they can be authorized for payment. The software often interfaces with regional or national switches to
access the account-holding financial institution or card issuer for approval or denial of the transactions (authorization). The software returns messages to the original transaction generator (e.g. an ATM), thereby completing the transactions.
Depending on how the software is configured, it can perform all of the functions necessary to authenticate, authorize, route and settle an electronic payment transaction, or it can interact with other systems to ensure that these functions are
performed. Payments processing software may be required to interact with dozens of devices, switch interchanges and communication protocols around the world. We currently offer the following products for this domain: BASE24-eps is an integrated electronic payments processing product marketed to customers operating electronic payment networks in
the retail banking and retail industries. The modular, open architecture of the product enables customers to select the application and system components that are required to operate their networks. BASE24-eps offers a broad range of features and
functions for electronic payment processing. BASE24-eps is licensed as a standalone electronic payments solution for financial institutions, retailers and electronic payment processors. BASE24-eps, which operates on International Business
Machines’ (“IBM”) System z, IBM System p, Hewlett-Packard Company (“HP”) NonStop, and Oracle Solaris servers, provides flexible integration points to other applications and data within enterprises to support 24-hour per day
access to money, services and information. BASE24-eps 2.0 added a number of very significant features, including the ability to route
payments to non-card identifiers such as account numbers, email addresses or phone numbers. This enables BASE24-eps customers to more easily support P2P payments, mobile payments, etc. The inclusion of our second generation SDK, enhances support for
services orientation and additional development and configuration tools and greatly enhances the flexibility of the product, its ability to support new business opportunities and the ease with which it can be implemented. On the HP NonStop platform, BASE24-eps uses NET24-XPNET, an ACI developed message oriented middleware solution. Postilion is an integrated electronic payments processing system, primarily deployed on Microsoft Windows servers. It
authenticates, authorizes, routes, and switches transactions generated at ATMs and merchant point-of-sale (“POS”) sites as well as provides flexible infrastructure to handle key aspects of the back office functions. The product is used
widely by financial institutions across the world, with a particular emphasis on financial institutions in smaller emerging markets. This product is also used in the merchant retail domain. 8 Table of Contents ACI continues to support and maintain a number of other retail payments engines which are no longer actively
marketed to new customers. BASE24 is an integrated family of software products previously marketed to customers
operating electronic payment networks in the retail banking and retail industries. A substantial portion of ACI’s revenues are derived from licensing the BASE24 family of products and providing related services and maintenance as it has been
the core of the ACI business since our inception. BASE24 product line operates exclusively on HP NonStop servers. The HP NonStop
parallel-processing environment offers fault-tolerance, linear expandability and distributed processing capabilities. The combination of features offered by BASE24 and the HP NonStop technology are important characteristics in high volume, 24-hour
per day electronic payment systems. BASE24 makes use of NET24-XPNET, an ACI developed message oriented middleware solution. During the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, approximately 21%, 28% and 32%, respectively, of our total revenues were derived from
licensing the BASE24 product line, which revenue amounts do not include revenue associated with licensing the BASE24-eps product. Retail Banking Payments – Card and Merchant Management ACI Card and Merchant Management solutions are card issuing and merchant management products, which have been successfully used by the payments industry for many years. These products run on IBM System z,
and various Unix and Microsoft Windows servers. The products within back office services are: ACI Issuer is a modern
card and account management system. It has been developed to support national, international, and global financial institutions. The system has full multi-currency, multi-product, multi-institution and multi-language capabilities. It manages card
portfolios in different countries and for different issuers on a single platform and has been built to fully comply with EMV standards. ACI Acquirer supports the full lifecycle of merchant portfolio management, including merchant onboarding, transaction acquisition, interchange fee qualification, settlement and statement
generation. The system is enabled with the flexibility acquirers require to manage complex merchant portfolios. ACI
Interchange is the central monetary transaction manager, processing all incoming customer transactions and maintaining a central transactions database. ACI Interchange also manages the clearing and settlement communication with the major
international payment schemes, ensuring compliance with Visa, MasterCard, American Express, China Union Pay and JCB. The module can easily be adapted to manage clearing and settlement with additional networks such as domestic payment schemes. ACI Token Manager consists of a suite of products from ACI’s partner Bell Identification B.V. The Smart
Card & Application Management System provides for central lifecycle management of smart cards and other tokens as well as the management of the applications activated within the scheme. The Key Management System facilitates the
implementation of security concepts based on the generation, storage, recovery, import and distribution of cryptographic keys. The keys are used for encryption and decryption of data and for verification and authorization of trusted parties using
digital certificates. Token Manager is also used to support Europay, MasterCard and Visa (“EMV”) card issuing. ACI Token Manager for Mobile enables the delivery of payment tokens, such as wallets, to mobile phones. ACI Payments Manager is an integrated, modular software solution that automates the processing, settlement and reconciliation of
electronic transactions, as well as provides plastic card issuance and account management. This product is now primarily marketed in North America. 9 Table of Contents ACI Automated Dispute Manager enables issuers, acquirers, processors and payment
networks to streamline and automate the dispute management process through workflow-based software components. Transaction Banking
Payments Our transaction banking solutions are focused on global, super-regional and regional financial institutions that provide
treasury management services to large corporations and correspondent banks. In addition, the market includes non-bank financial institutions with the need to conduct their own internal treasury management activities. ACI Money Transfer System provides high value payments processing, bulk payments processing and SWIFT financial messaging. The
high value payments processing function, which produces the majority of revenues for the ACI Money Transfer System, is used to generate, authorize, enrich, route and settle high value wire transfer transactions and ACH transactions in domestic and
international environments. The ACI Money Transfer System product operates on IBM System p servers using the AIX operating system. Retailers Within the Retailers
domain, ACI offers the following products: ACI Retail Commerce Server, a solution for retailers, is an integrated suite
of electronic payments products that facilitate a broad range of capabilities. These capabilities include prepaid, debit and credit card processing, ACH processing, electronic benefits transfer, card issuance and management, check authorization,
customer loyalty programs and returned check collection. The Retail Commerce Server product line operates on open systems technologies such as Microsoft Windows, UNIX and Linux, with most of the current installations deployed on the Microsoft
Windows platform. After ACI acquired ISD Holdings, Inc. and ISD Corporation (collectively “ISD”) the acquired functionality was integrated into Retail Commerce Server including delivering capability for solving the Payment Card Industry
(“PCI”) compliance needs of retailers. Postilion, a global platform for retailers, is an integrated suite of
electronic payments products that facilitate a broad range of capabilities. These capabilities include prepaid, debit and credit card processing, ACH processing, electronic benefits transfer, card issuance and management, check authorization,
customer loyalty programs and returned check collection. The Postilion product line operates on multiple open systems technologies such as Microsoft Windows and AIX. ACI In-store Solution supports retailers and drives the retailer’s payment portion of the customer’s in-store purchase experience. The in-store solution prompts the consumer and gathers
the necessary card payment details to process the payment request. Importantly, the solution helps retailers control the costs and risk of key regulatory issues such as PCI compliance and data theft at the point of sale. ReD1 Gateway is a high performance, international payment processing service, linking global merchants and acquirers. The service
is available for e-commerce, m-commerce, call center and interactive voice response (“IVR”) transactions. Deployed as a managed service, ReD1 Gateway is built to accommodate high volume processing and business growth. It frees up
internal resources to focus on core business and equips merchants to meet the requirements of PCI Compliance. ReD1 Gateway integrates with ReD Shield to provide a complete fraud and payments solution for a retailers Omni-Channel payments
infrastructure. Payments Risk Management ACI Proactive Risk Manager is a payment fraud detection solution designed to help card issuers, merchant acquirers and financial institutions combat fraud schemes. The solution combines
advanced neural model transaction scoring with expert rules-based detection strategies and advanced alert management capabilities. Real-time detection capability enables fraud assessment to be part of the authorization process; near real-time
alerting is also supported. 10 Table of Contents ACI Case Manager is a case management application supporting processes and
workflows for researching and resolving fraud/risk cases across their complete lifecycle, including case initiation, investigation, reporting, escalation paths and notifications. ACI Case Manager also acts as a central repository for case histories
and resource activities to provide organizations with centralized auditing capabilities. ReD Shield is a
real-time, online, software-as-a-service based fraud prevention solution tailored to the needs of e-commerce merchants and payment service providers (“PSPs”). ReD Shield provides instant decisions (accept/challenge/deny) on e-commerce and
m-commerce transactions, detecting and managing domestic and cross-border payment fraud across all payment types. The ReD Shield solution is managed by experienced, expert risk analysts and tailored to meet the needs of individual merchants. ReDi is an interactive, self-service Business Intelligence portal which gives merchant customers deep insight
into their fraud, fraud prevention performance and online customer activity. ReDi provides a direct window into transaction data, updated every few minutes and building up to include up to two years of data. It includes dashboards,
charts and tables, and powerful profile and search features. ReD Fraud Xchange connects merchants with issuers
and other merchants in a multi-way, real-time and near-real-time exchange of information. The solution pools data across merchants and issuers in real-time, providing early notice of potential fraud, bi-directional fraud alerting and reduction of
chargebacks and chargeback related expenses. Payments Infrastructure The Payments Infrastructure products provide specific technology extensions to augment the business services provided in the business service domains described above. ACI Communication Services provides a range of communication services to enable message exchange on multiple platforms, in
particular, enabling applications to support legacy protocols, such as SNA and X.25, running over TCP/IP networks. It also supports hybrid networking environments such as IBM’s HPR/IP. This set of products runs on HP NonStop, IBM System z and
Unix platforms. ACI Enterprise Security Services is a suite of security solutions that secure access to systems and
resources. These products run on the HP NonStop platform and are designed to take advantage of HP NonStop fundamentals. ACI Web Access Services allows HP NonStop users to securely expose existing applications to peer systems as well as PC clients and
web browsers. Web Access Services supports new Graphical User Interface (“GUI”) client development, standard 6530 and 3270E terminal emulation or automated data stream transformation to give users a range of options for integrating NonStop
services across the enterprise. ACI Payment Testing (ASSET) is a simulation and testing tool that allows companies
involved in electronic payments to simulate devices and transactions, and perform application testing. ASSET is available for use with BASE24, BASE24-eps, Postilion, and ACI Proactive Risk Manager. ACI Payment Service Management is a partnership with Integrated Research Limited (“Integrated Research”) formed to
resell their Prognosis product. This provides intelligent payment service management through in-depth monitoring and analysis of transactions, applications, supporting IT infrastructure, and payments devices. Prognosis is available for use with
BASE24, BASE24-eps, Postilion, ACI Proactive Risk Manager, and ACI Money Transfer System. ACI Mobile Alerting powered
by Spectrum MoneyGuard offers fraud or service alert options in near real-time with SMS messages to their mobile phones of events affecting their banking transactions. When used for fraud alerting, customers have the option of responding via text
(two-way communication) requesting a block of the card and a confirmation is sent. 11 Table of Contents Billers Within the biller domain, ACI provides the following products: Electronic Bill
Presentment and Payment (“EBPP”) enables the presentment of bills and the collection of payments for these bills from consumers for billers, including, for example, tax authorities, higher education providers, utilities, and health
care providers. Virtual Collection Agent is an online debt collection tool that gives billers, lenders, collection
agencies and debt buyers a website for collecting debt that emulates the intelligence and interactions of a human collection agent. Partnerships and Industry Participation We have two major types of third-party partners: technology partners, where we work closely with industry leaders who drive key industry trends and
mandates, and business partners, where we either embed technology in ACI products or jointly market solutions that include the products of other companies. Technology partners help us add value to our solutions, stay abreast of current market conditions and industry developments such as standards. Technology partner organizations include Diebold, NCR,
Wincor-Nixdorf, VISA, MasterCard and SWIFT. In addition, ACI has membership in or participates in the relevant committees of a number of industry associations, such as the International Organization for Standardization (“ISO”), Interactive
Financial eXchange Forum (“IFX”), International Payments Framework Association (“IPFA”), Banking Industry Architecture Network (“BIAN”), UK Cards Association and the PCI Security Standards Council. These partnerships
provide direction as it relates to the specifications that are used by the card schemes and in some cases manufacturers. These organizations typically look to ACI as a source of knowledge and experience to be shared in conjunction with creating and
enhancing their standards. The benefit to ACI is in having the opportunity to imprint these standards with concepts and ideas that will benefit ACI and ultimately our customers. Business partner relationships extend our product portfolio, improve our ability to get our solutions to market and enhance our ability to deliver market-leading solutions. We share revenues with these
business partners based on a number of factors related to overall value contribution in the delivery of our joint solution. The agreements with business partners include joint marketing and traditional original equipment manufacturer
(“OEM”) relationships. These agreements generally grant ACI the right to create an integrated solution that we distribute or represent on a worldwide basis and have a term of several years. We have alliances with our business partners Hewlett-Packard Company (“HP”), International Business Machines Corporation (“IBM”),
Microsoft Corporation, Red Hat, Inc. and Oracle USA, Inc., whose industry leading hardware and software are utilized by ACI’s products. These partnerships allow us to understand developments in their technology and to utilize their expertise in
topics like scalability and performance testing. The following is a list of key business partners: • Access Softek, Inc. • Accuity, Inc. • Actuate Corp. • Bell ID • CardinalCommerce • DataOceans, LLC • Experian Information Solutions, Inc. 12 Table of Contents • FairCom Corporation • Fiserv, Inc. • Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. • Guardian Analytics • Hewlett-Packard Company • International Business Machines Corporation • Ingenico Group • Integrated Research Limited • Intuit, Inc. • iovation • Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. • TIBCO Software Inc. • Lean Software Services, Inc. • LivePerson Inc. • Microsoft Corporation • Monex Deposit Company • mShift, Inc. • Neustar, Inc. • Oracle USA, Inc. • PayPal • ProfitStars – Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. • Red Hat, Inc. • RSA Security LLC, the Security Division of EMC Corporation • Spectrum Message Services Pty Ltd • Symantec Corporation • Truaxis, Inc. – a MasterCard Company Services We offer our customers a wide range of professional services, including analysis,
design, development, implementation, integration and training. We have service professionals within each of our three geographic regions who generally perform the majority of the work associated with installing and integrating our software products,
rather than relying on third-party systems integrators. We offer the following types of services for our customers: • Implementation Services. We utilize a standard methodology to deliver customer project implementations across all products lines. Within the
process, we provide customers with a variety of services, including on-site solution scoping reviews, project planning, training, site preparation, installation, product configuration, product customization, testing and go-live support, and project
management throughout the project lifecycle. Implementation services are typically priced according to the level of technical expertise required. 13 Table of Contents • Product support services. These product-support-funded services are available to customers after a solution has been installed and are based on
the relevant product support category. An extensive team of support analysts and an appointed customer manager are available to assist customers. • Technical Services. The majority of our technical services are provided to customers who have licensed one or more of our software products.
Services offered include programming and programming support, day-to-day systems operations, network operations, help desk staffing, quality assurance testing, problem resolution, system design, and performance planning and review. Technical
services are typically priced according to the level of technical expertise required. • Education Services . ACI courses include both theory and practical sessions to allow students to work though real business scenarios and put
their newly learned skills to use. This hands-on approach ensures that the knowledge is retained and the student is more productive upon their return to the workplace. ACI’s education courses provide students with knowledge at all levels, to
enhance and improve their understanding of ACI products. ACI also provides further, more in-depth technical courses that allow students to use practical labs to enhance what they have learned in the classroom. The ACI trainers’ ability to
understand customers’ systems means ACI can also provide tailored course materials for individual customers. Depending upon products purchased, training may be conducted at a dedicated education facility at one of ACI’s offices, online or
at the customer site. • Testing services . ACI’s testing services team works within the ACI customer base to establish testing best practices and build a standard
testing environment that meets an organization’s current needs, and is easily extensible for future requirements. It is important that any testing environment encompasses all aspects of the testing lifecycle (i.e., functional, acceptance,
regression and stress testing), as well as allowing ease of use by the appropriate staff. ACI’s testing services can provide this environment as either a stand-alone deliverable or as a fully managed service. • Expert Services Consultancy . ACI is committed to providing high-quality consulting services to its customer base. In order to do this, we have
assembled a strong team of technicians with many decades of experience, not only with ACI solutions, but also in the payments industry in general. Trusted globally, these consultants are available to provide technical assistance to ACI’s
customers across the full range of the ACI portfolio. The consultants’ knowledge and understanding of ACI’s customers allow them to define, design and build appropriate technical solutions. This in turn provides an enhanced business
offering to customers, ultimately enabling a greater competitive advantage and increased satisfaction. • Facilities Management Services. We offer facilities management services whereby we operate a customer’s electronic payments system for
multi-year periods. Pricing and payment terms for facilities management services vary on a case-by-case basis giving consideration to the complexity of the facility or system to be managed, the level and quantity of technical services required, and
other factors relevant to the facilities management agreement. ACI On Demand We offer software as a service (“SaaS”) hosting service whereby we host a customer’s system for them as opposed to the customer licensing
and installing the system on their own site. We offer several of our solutions in this manner, including our retail and wholesale payment engines, risk management, biller, retailers and online banking products. ACI On Demand customers are served in
both multi-tenant and dedicated instance software operating models depending on the solution tailored to meet their specific needs. The product is generally located on facilities and hardware that we provide. Pricing and payment terms depend on
which solutions the customer requires and their transaction volumes. Generally, customers are required to commit to a minimum contract of three to five years. 14 Table of Contents Customer Support We provide our customers with product support that is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. If requested by a customer, the product support group can remotely access that customer’s
systems on a real-time basis. This allows the product support group to help diagnose and correct problems to enhance the continuous availability of a customer’s business-critical systems. We offer our
customers both a general maintenance plan and a premium option. • General Maintenance. After software installation and project completion, we provide maintenance services to customers for a monthly product
support fee. Maintenance services include: • 24-hour hotline for problem resolution • Customer account management support • Vendor-required mandates and updates • Product documentation • Hardware operating system compatibility • User group membership • Premium Customer Support Program. Under the premium customer service option, referred to as the Premium Customer Support Program, each customer
is assigned an experienced technician to work with its system. The technician typically performs functions such as: • Install and test software fixes • Retrofit custom software modifications (“CSMs”) into new software releases • Answer questions and resolve problems related to CSM code • Maintain a detailed CSM history • Monitor customer problems on ACI’s HELP24 hotline database on a priority basis • Supply on-site support, available upon demand • Perform an annual system review We provide new releases of our products on a periodic basis. New releases of our products, which often contain product enhancements, are typically provided at no additional fee for customers under
maintenance agreements. Agreements with our customers permit us to charge for substantial product enhancements that are not provided as part of the maintenance agreement. Competition The electronic payments market is highly competitive and subject to rapid
change. Competitive factors affecting the market for our products and services include product features, price, availability of customer support, ease of implementation, product and company reputation, and a commitment to continued investment in
research and development. Our competitors vary by product line, geography and market segment. Generally, our most significant competition
comes from in-house information technology departments of existing and potential customers, as well as third-party electronic payments processors (some of whom are our customers). Many of these companies are significantly larger than us and have
significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources. Key competitors by product domain include the following: Online
Banking and Cash Management, Branch, Trade Finance and Community Financial Services Principal competitors for the Online Banking and
Cash Management and Branch product set are Digital Insight, Bottomline Technologies, ARGO, Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. and Fundtech Ltd, as well as 15 Table of Contents payment processing companies First Data Corporation, Fidelity National Information Services, Inc, and Fiserv, Inc. Principal competitors for the Trade Finance product set include China Systems,
CSI, Misys and CGI. Principal competitors for the Community Financial Services product set are Fiserv, Inc., Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., Jack Henry & Associates, Inc., Q2 Software, Inc., Intuit Inc. and Alkami Technology. Retail Banking Payments The third-party software competitors for the products in the retail banking payments are Clear2Pay, Computer Sciences Corporation, Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., Pegasystems Inc., OpenWay
Group, and Total System Services, Inc. (“TSYS”), as well as small, regionally-focused companies such as Alaric Technology, Inc., BPC Banking Technologies, PayEx Solutions AS, Financial Software and Systems, CR2, Lusis Payments Ltd., and
Opus Software Solutions Private Limited. Primary electronic payment processing competitors in this area include global entities such as Atos Origin S.A., Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., First Data Corporation, SiNSYS, TSYS, VISA and
MasterCard, as well as regional or country-specific processors. Transaction Banking Payments In the wholesale banking payments the principal competitors are Bankserv, FIS/Clear2Pay, Dovetail Software, Fundtech Ltd, IBM, Logica Plc and Tieto
Corporation. Retailers Competitors in the retail sector come from both third-party software and service providers as well as service organizations run by major banks.
Third-party software and service competitors include AJB Software Design, Inc., Retalix, Heartland Payment Systems, Inc., Ingenico Group, Tender Retail Inc., and VeriFone Systems, Inc. Primary competition in this space are large third-party
acquirer/processors and payment service providers that offer complete solutions to the retailer. Payments Risk Management Principal competitors for the payments fraud detection products are Actimize, Inc., Fair Isaac Corporation, BAE Systems Detica,
Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., Fiserv, Inc., SAS Institute, Inc., Accertify (American Express) and Cybersource (Visa), as well as dozens of smaller companies focused on niches of this segment such as anti-money laundering. Payments Infrastructure The
principal competitors for the tools and infrastructure products are CA Technologies, HP, IBM and Oracle USA, Inc., as well as dozens of small, niche-focused competitors. As markets continue to evolve in the electronic payments, risk management and smartcard sectors, we may encounter new competitors for our products and services. As electronic payment transaction volumes
increase and banks face price competition, third-party processors may become stronger competition in our efforts to market our solutions to smaller financial institutions. In the larger financial institution market, we believe that third-party
processors may be less competitive since large institutions attempt to differentiate their electronic payment product offerings from their competition, and are more likely to develop or continue to support their own internally-developed solutions or
use third-party software packages such as those we offer. Bill Payment The principal competitors for bill payment are Fiserv, Inc., Fidelity National Information Services, Inc., Jack Henry & Associates, Inc., Western Union Holdings, Inc., TouchNet Information
Systems, Inc., Kubra Customer 16 Table of Contents Interaction Management, WorldPay, Inc., Forte Payment Systems, Point & Pay, LLC, Nelnet, Inc. and Affiliates, Higher One, Inc., Paymentus Corp., Aliaswire Inc., and Invoice Cloud, Inc.,
as well as smaller vertical specific providers. Research and Development Our product development efforts focus on new products and improved versions of existing products. We facilitate user group meetings to help us determine our product strategy, development plans and aspects
of customer support. The user groups are generally organized geographically or by product lines. We believe that the timely development of new applications and enhancements is essential to maintain our competitive position in the market. In developing new products, we work closely with our customers and industry leaders to determine requirements. We work with device manufacturers, such as
Diebold, NCR and Wincor-Nixdorf, to ensure compatibility with the latest ATM technology. We work with network vendors, such as MasterCard, VISA and SWIFT, to ensure compliance with new regulations or processing mandates. We work with computer
hardware and software manufacturers, such as HP, IBM, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle and Stratus Technologies, Inc. to ensure compatibility with new operating system releases and generations of hardware. Customers often provide additional information
on requirements and serve as beta-test partners. Our total research and development expenses during the years ended December 31, 2014,
2013 and 2012 were $144.2 million, $142.6 million, and $133.8 million, or 14%, 17%, and 20% of total revenues, respectively. Customers We provide software products and services to customers in a range of industries worldwide, with financial institutions, retailers and e-payment processors comprising our largest industry segments. As of December 31, 2014, we serve over 5,600 customers, including 18 of the top 20 banks worldwide, as measured by asset size, and 300 of the
leading retailers globally, as measured by revenue. As of December 31, 2014, we had more than 5,600 customers in over 80 countries on six continents. Of this total, approximately 5,000 are in the Americas reportable segment, 400 are in the EMEA
reportable segment and 200 are in the Asia/Pacific reportable segment. No single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. No customer accounted for more than 10% of
our accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2014 and 2013. Selling and Marketing Our primary method of distribution is direct sales by employees assigned to specific regions or specific products. In addition, we use distributors and
referral partners to supplement our direct sales force in countries where business practices or customs make it appropriate, or where it is more economical to do so. We generate a majority of our sales leads through existing relationships with
vendors, direct marketing programs, customers and prospects, or through referrals. Current international distributors, resellers and referral
partners for us during the year ended December 31, 2014 included: • Accela, Inc, (United States) • ACH Payment Solutions Inc. (United States) • API Outsourcing, Inc. (United States) • ASI International (Colombia/Venezuela/Caribbean) • BS&A Software (United States) 17 Table of Contents • CAPSYS Technologies, LLC (Russia/Eastern Europe) • Channel Solutions Inc. (Philippines) • DataOne Asia Co., Ltd. (Thailand) • Donald R. Frey & Co. (United States) • EFT Corporation (Sub-Saharan Africa) • Ellucian, Inc. (United States) • ETA Data Direct, Inc. (United States) • Fiserv, Inc. (United States) • Harris Interactive Intelligence (United States) • Interswitch Ltd. (Sub-Saharan Africa) • JDA Software Group, Inc. (United States) • Korea Computer Inc (Korea) • Megabyte Systems Inc. (United States) • MoneyGram International, Inc. (United States) • P.T. Mitra Integrasi Informatika (Indonesia) • Ontario Systems LLC (United States) • P.T. Abhimata Persada (Indonesia) • RR Donnelley (United States) • Shaw Systems Associates, Inc. (United States) • Solutions by Text (United States) • SourceHOV L.L.C (United States) • Stream IT Consulting Ltd. (Thailand) • Starmount Inc. (United States) • Syscom Computer Co., Ltd. (Shenzhen) (China) • Syscom Computer Engineering Co. (Taiwan) • System Builder (Middle East) • Tomax Corp. (United States) • TransCentra, Inc. (United States) • Transaction Payment Solutions (Sub-Saharan Africa) We distribute the products of other vendors where they complement our existing product lines. We are typically responsible for the sales and marketing of the vendor’s products, and agreements with
these vendors generally provide for revenue sharing based on relative responsibilities. In addition to our principal sales offices in Omaha,
Norcross, and Waltham, we also have sales offices located outside the United States in Athens, Bahrain, Bangkok, Beijing, Bogota, Brussels, Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Caracas, Dubai, Gouda, Johannesburg, Kuala Lumpur, Madrid, Manila, Melbourne, Mexico
City, Milan, Montevideo, Moscow, Mumbai, Munich, Naples, Paris, Quito, Riyadh, Sao Paulo, Shanghai, Singapore, Stockholm, Sulzbach, Sydney, Tokyo, Toronto, and Watford. 18 Table of Contents Proprietary Rights and Licenses We rely on a combination of trade secret and copyright laws, license agreements, contractual provisions and confidentiality agreements to protect our proprietary rights. We distribute our software
products under software license agreements that typically grant customers nonexclusive licenses to use our products. Use of our software products is usually restricted to designated computers, specified locations and/or specified capacity, and is
subject to terms and conditions prohibiting unauthorized reproduction or transfer of our software products. We also seek to protect the source code of our software as a trade secret and as a copyrighted work. Despite these precautions, there can be
no assurance that misappropriation of our software products and technology will not occur. In addition to our own products, we distribute, or
act as a sales agent for, software developed by third parties. However, we typically are not involved in the development process used by these third parties. Our rights to those third-party products and the associated intellectual property rights
are limited by the terms of the contractual agreement between us and the respective third-party. Although we believe that our owned and
licensed intellectual property rights do not infringe upon the proprietary rights of third parties, there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us. Further, there can be no assurance that intellectual
property protection will be available for our products in all foreign countries. Like many companies in the electronic commerce and other
high-tech industries, third parties have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights to business processes, technologies and related standards
that are relevant to us and our customers. These assertions have increased over time as a result of the general increase in patent claims assertions, particularly in the United States. Third parties may also claim that the third-party’s
intellectual property rights are being infringed by our customers’ use of a business process method which utilizes products in conjunction with other products, which could result in indemnification claims against us by our customers. Any claim
against us, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product delivery delays, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or pay amounts in settlement, or require us to develop alternative
non-infringing technology. We could also be required to defend or indemnify our customers against such claims. A successful claim by a third-party of intellectual property infringement by us or one of our customers could compel us to enter into
costly royalty or license agreements, pay significant damages or even stop selling certain products and incur additional costs to develop alternative non-infringing technology. Segment Information and Foreign Operations We derive a significant portion of our revenues
from foreign operations. For detail of revenue by geographic region see Note 10, Segment Information , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Employees As of December 31, 2014, we had a total of approximately 4,472 employees of
whom 2,445 were in the Americas reportable segment, 1,137 were in the EMEA reportable segment and 890 were in the Asia/Pacific reportable segment. None of our employees are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that relations with our employees are good. Available Information Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 19 Table of Contents of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), are available free of charge on our website at www.aciworldwide.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such information electronically
with the SEC. The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. The public may read and copy any materials that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F
Street, Room 1580, NW, Washington DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . Executive Officers of the
Registrant As of February 26, 2015, our executive officers, their ages and their positions were as follows. Name Age Position Philip G. Heasley 65 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director Scott W. Behrens 43 Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Dennis P. Byrnes 51 Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Anthony M. Scotto, Jr. 58 Senior Executive Vice President, Technology Daniel J. Frate 54 Group President, Strategic Products and Global Markets Carolyn B. Homberger 34 Group President, Customer Management and Maintenance Apratim Purakayastha 47 Group President, ACI On-Demand Mr. Heasley has been a director and our President and Chief Executive Officer since March 2005. Mr. Heasley has
a comprehensive background in payment systems and financial services. From October 2003 to March 2005, Mr. Heasley served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PayPower LLC, an acquisition and consulting firm specializing in financial
services and payment services. Mr. Heasley served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of First USA Bank from October 2000 to November 2003. Prior to joining First USA Bank, from 1987 until 2000, Mr. Heasley served in various capacities
for U.S. Bancorp, including Executive Vice President, and President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Heasley also serves on the National Infrastructure Advisory Council. Mr. Heasley holds a Master of Business Administration from the
Bernard Baruch Graduate School of Business in New York and a Bachelor of Arts from Marist College in Poughkeepsie, New York. Mr. Behrens
serves as Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Behrens joined ACI in June 2007 as our Corporate Controller and was appointed as Chief Accounting Officer in October 2007. Mr. Behrens was appointed Chief
Financial Officer in December 2009. Mr. Behrens ceased serving as our Corporate Controller in December 2010. Mr. Behrens was appointed as Executive Vice President in March 2011 and promoted to Senior Executive Vice President in December of
2013. Prior to joining ACI, Mr. Behrens served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer at SITEL Corporation from January 2005 to June 2007. He also served as Vice President of Financial Reporting at SITEL
Corporation from April 2003 to January 2005. From 1993 to 2003, Mr. Behrens was with Deloitte & Touche, LLP, including two years as a Senior Audit Manager. Mr. Behrens holds a Bachelor of Science (Honors) from the University of
Nebraska – Lincoln. Mr. Byrnes serves as Executive Vice President, Chief Administrative Officer, General Counsel and Secretary. He
has served in that capacity since March 2011 and as General Counsel and Secretary since joining the Company in June 2003. Prior to that Mr. Byrnes served as an attorney in Bank One Corporation’s technology group from 2002 to 2003. From
1996 to 2002, Mr. Byrnes was an executive officer at Sterling Commerce, Inc., an electronic commerce software and services company, serving as that company’s general counsel from 2000. From 1991 to 1996 Mr. Byrnes was an attorney with
Baker Hostetler, a national law firm with over 600 attorneys. Mr. Byrnes holds a JD (cum laude) from The Ohio State University College of Law, a Master of Business Administration from Xavier University and a Bachelor of Science in engineering
(magna cum laude) from Case Western Reserve University. 20 Table of Contents Mr. Scotto serves as Senior Executive Vice President, Technology. He joined ACI in March
of 2010 and has more than 30 years of experience running global product development organizations. From 2006 to 2010, Mr. Scotto served as Vice President of product development at 170 Systems, Inc., which was acquired by Kofax in 2009.
During his tenure at 170 Systems/Kofax he was responsible for scaling all aspects of development, including headcount, product strategy, development processes and integration with other key corporate functions. Prior to that, Mr. Scotto held
executive positions in product development at Oracle, StorageNetworks, Inc., and EMC. Mr. Scotto holds an Executive Master of Business Administration from Northwestern University and a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from the
University of Connecticut. Mr. Frate serves as Group President, Strategic Products and Global Markets. Prior to joining ACI in August of
2012, Mr. Frate was Executive Vice President at PNC Bank, where he led the retail banking products and pricing group. Mr. Frate joined PNC Bank through its acquisition of National City Corporation, where he served as Vice Chairman, leading the
retail banking business. He joined National City in 2003. From 2001 to 2003, he served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Bank One Card Services. Prior to joining Bank One, Mr. Frate served as Vice Chairmen of payment services at US
Bank (1995 to 2001) and Executive Vice President of credit and services (1989 to 1995). Mr. Frate is a member of the Board of Directors at John Carroll University. Mr. Frate holds a Master of Science in Finance from Krannert School of
Management at Purdue University and a Bachelor’s degree in Economics from the School of Business at John Carroll University. Mrs. Homberger serves as Group President, Customer Management & Maintenance. Mrs. Homberger joined ACI in December 2006. She has
led the financial planning and analysis team and held other operational leadership positions at the Company. From 2002 to 2006, Mrs. Homberger held finance leadership roles and completed the Financial Management Program (“FMP”)
at GE Healthcare. Mrs. Homberger is Six Sigma Green Belt Certified and holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Fordham University and Bachelor of Science from Miami University. Mr. Purakayastha serves as Group President, ACI On-Demand. He previously held senior leadership positions in product support and product development
at ACI. Prior to joining the Company in August 2010, Mr. Purakayastha held executive management positions within IBM’s software group where he led the development of IBMs software-as-a-service products. Mr. Purakayastha began his
career in 1996 in IBM’s Research division where he specialized in mobile and pervasive computing. He was recognized as a master inventor at IBM and owns several US patents. Mr. Purakayastha holds a Ph.D. in Computer Science from Duke
University, a Master of Science in Computer Science from Washington State University and a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science from Jadavpur University, India. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Factors That May Affect
Our Future Results or the Market Price of Our Common Stock We operate in a rapidly changing technological and economic environment that
presents numerous risks. Many of these risks are beyond our control and are driven by factors that often cannot be predicted. The following discussion highlights some of these risks. The markets in which we compete are rapidly changing and highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete effectively. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, evolving technologies and industry standards and intense competition. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current
market share or customer base. We face intense competition in our businesses and we expect competition to remain intense in the future. We have many competitors that are significantly larger than us and have significantly greater financial,
technical and marketing resources, have well-established relationships with our current or potential customers, advertise aggressively or beat us to the market with new products and services. In addition, 21 Table of Contents we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies. Increased competition in our markets could lead to price reductions, reduced profits,
or loss of market share. The current global economic conditions could also result in increased price competition for our products and services. To compete successfully, we need to maintain a successful research and development effort. If we fail to enhance our current products and develop new
products in response to changes in technology and industry standards, bring product enhancements or new product developments to market quickly enough, or accurately predict future changes in our customers’ needs and our competitors develop new
technologies or products, our products could become less competitive or obsolete. One of our most strategic products, BASE24-eps, could
prove to be unsuccessful in the market. Our BASE24-eps product is strategic for us, in that it is designated to help us win new accounts,
replace legacy payments systems on multiple hardware platforms and help us transition our existing customers to a new, open-systems product architecture. Our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially
adversely affected if we are unable to generate adequate sales of BASE24-eps or if we are unable to successfully deploy BASE24-eps in production environments. Our future profitability depends on demand for our products; lower demand in the future could adversely affect our business . Our revenue and profitability depend on the overall demand for our products and services. Historically, a majority of our total revenues resulted from licensing our BASE24 product line and providing
related services and maintenance. Any reduction in demand for, or increase in competition with respect to, the BASE24 product line could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. We have historically derived a substantial portion of our revenues from licensing of software products that operate on HP NonStop servers. Any reduction
in demand for HP NonStop servers, or any change in strategy by HP related to support of its NonStop servers, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. Our current credit facility contains restrictions and other financial covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business. Our credit facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants for credit facilities of this type that limit our ability to engage in specified
types of transactions. These covenants limit our ability, and the ability of our subsidiaries, to, among other things: pay dividends on, repurchase or make distributions in respect of our capital stock or make other restricted payments; make certain
investments; sell certain assets; create liens; incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and enter into certain transactions with our
affiliates. Our credit facility also requires us to meet certain quarterly financial tests, including a maximum leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. Our credit facility includes customary events of default, including, but not
limited to, failure to pay principal or interest, breach of covenants or representations and warranties, cross-default to other indebtedness, judgment default and insolvency. If an event of default occurs under the credit facility, the lenders will
be entitled to take various actions, including, but not limited to, demanding payment for all amounts outstanding. If adverse global economic conditions persist or worsen, we could experience decreased revenues from our operations attributable to
reduced demand for our products and services and as a result, we could fail to satisfy the financial and other restrictive covenants to which we are subject under our existing credit facility, resulting in an event of default. If we are unable to
cure the default or obtain a waiver, we will not be able to access our credit facility and there can be no assurance that we would be able to obtain alternative financing. 22 Table of Contents Consolidations and failures in the financial services industry may adversely impact the number of
customers and our revenues in the future. Mergers, acquisitions and personnel changes at key financial services organizations have the
potential to adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Our business is concentrated in the financial services industry, making us susceptible to consolidation in, or contraction of the number of
participating institutions within that industry. Consolidation activity among financial institutions has increased in recent years and the current financial conditions have resulted in even further consolidation and contraction as financial
institutions have failed or have been acquired by or merged with other financial institutions. There are several potential negative effects of increased consolidation activity. Continuing consolidation and failure of financial institutions could
cause us to lose existing and potential customers for our products and services. For instance, consolidation of two of our customers could result in reduced revenues if the combined entity were to negotiate greater volume discounts or discontinue
use of certain of our products. Additionally, if a non-customer and a customer combine and the combined entity in turn decided to forego future use of our products, our revenues would decline. Potential customers may be reluctant to switch to a new vendor, which may adversely affect our growth, both in the U.S. and internationally. For banks, financial institutions and other potential customers of our products, switching from one vendor of core financial services
software (or from an internally-developed legacy system) to a new vendor is a significant endeavor. Many potential customers believe switching vendors involves too many potential disadvantages such as disruption of business operations, loss of
accustomed functionality, and increased costs (including conversion and transition costs). As a result, potential customers may resist change. We seek to overcome this resistance through value enhancing strategies such as a defined
conversion/migration process, continued investment in the enhanced functionality of our software and system integration expertise. However, there can be no assurance that our strategies for overcoming potential customers’ reluctance to change
vendors will be successful, and this resistance may adversely affect our growth, both in the U.S. and internationally. Our
announcement of the maturity of certain legacy retail payment products may result in decreased customer investment in our products and our strategy to migrate customers to our next generation products may be unsuccessful which may adversely impact
our business and financial condition, including the timing of revenue recognition associated with the legacy retail payment products. Our
announcement related to the maturity of certain retail payment engines may result in customer decisions not to purchase or otherwise invest in these engines, related products and/or services. Alternatively, the maturity of these products may result
in delayed customer purchase decisions or the renegotiation of contract terms based upon scheduled maturity activities. In addition, our strategy related to migrating customers to our next generation products may be unsuccessful. Reduced investments
in our products, deferral or delay in purchase commitments by our customers or our failure to successfully manage our migration strategy could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and financial condition. Furthermore, as a result of the maturity announcement, certain up-front fees associated with the legacy payment engines, including initial license, may
become subject to ratable revenue recognition over time rather than up front at the time of contract. This will result in a delay in the recognition of these up-front fees. Additionally, customers may negotiate terms associated with their migration
to BASE24-eps which may cause the recognition of revenue associated with the customer’s legacy payment engine to be deferred pending the completion of the migration. Management’s backlog estimate may not be accurate and may not generate the predicted revenues. Estimates of future financial results are inherently unreliable. Our backlog estimates require substantial judgment and are based on a number of assumptions, including management’s current assessment
of customer and third 23 Table of Contents party contracts that exist as of the date the estimates are made, as well as revenues from assumed contract renewals, to the extent that we believe that recognition of the related revenue will
occur within the corresponding backlog period. A number of factors could result in actual revenues being less than the amounts reflected in backlog. Our customers or third party partners may attempt to renegotiate or terminate their contracts for a
number of reasons, including mergers, changes in their financial condition, or general changes in economic conditions within their industries or geographic locations, or we may experience delays in the development or delivery of products or services
specified in customer contracts. Actual renewal rates and amounts may differ from historical experiences used to estimate backlog amounts. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may also impact the amount of revenue actually recognized in future
periods. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that contracts included in backlog will actually generate the specified revenues or that the actual revenues will be generated within a 12-month or 60-month period. Additionally, because backlog
estimates are operating metrics, the estimates are not required to be subject to the same level of internal review or controls as a generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) financial measure. Failure to obtain renewals of customer contracts or obtain such renewals on favorable terms could adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. Failure to achieve favorable renewals of customer contracts could negatively impact our business. Our contracts with
our customers generally run for a period of five years. At the end of the contract term, customers have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us and to consider whether to engage one of our competitors to provide products and services.
Failure to achieve high renewal rates on commercially favorable terms could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The delay or cancellation of a customer project or inaccurate project completion estimates may adversely affect our operating results and financial
performance. Any unanticipated delays in a customer project, changes in customer requirements or priorities during the project
implementation period, or a customer’s decision to cancel a project, may adversely impact our operating results and financial performance. In addition, during the project implementation period, we perform ongoing estimates of the progress being
made on complex and difficult projects and documenting this progress is subject to potential inaccuracies. Changes in project completion estimates are heavily dependent on the accuracy of our initial project completion estimates and our ability to
evaluate project profits and losses. Any inaccuracies or changes in estimates resulting from changes in customer requirements, delays or inaccurate initial project completion estimates may result in increased project costs and adversely impact our
operating results and financial performance. Global economic conditions could reduce the demand for our products and services or otherwise
adversely impact our cash flows, operating results and financial condition. For the foreseeable future, we expect to derive most of our
revenue from products and services we provide to the banking and financial services industries. The global electronic payments industry and the banking and financial services industries depend heavily upon the overall levels of consumer, business
and government spending. The current economic conditions and the potential for increased or continuing disruptions in these industries as well as the general software sector could result in a decrease in consumers’ use of banking services and
financial service providers resulting in significant decreases in the demand for our products and services which could adversely affect our business and operating results. A lessening demand in either the overall economy, the banking and financial
services industry or the software sector could also result in the implementation by banks and related financial service providers of cost reduction measures or reduced capital spending resulting in longer sales cycles, deferral or delay of purchase
commitments for our products and increased price competition which could lead to a material decrease in our future revenues and earnings. 24 Table of Contents The volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets and adverse changes in the global economy
may negatively impact our liquidity and our ability to access financing. While we intend to finance our operations and growth of our
business with existing cash and cash flow from operations, if adverse global economic conditions persist or worsen, we could experience a decrease in cash from operations attributable to reduced demand for our products and services and as a result,
we may need to borrow additional amounts under our existing credit facility or we may require additional financing for our continued operation and growth. However, due to the existing uncertainty in the capital and credit markets and the impact
of the current economic conditions on our operating results, cash flows and financial conditions, the amount of available unused borrowings under our existing credit facility may be insufficient to meet our needs and/or our access to capital outside
of our existing credit facility may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, if one or more of the financial institutions in our syndicate were to default on its obligation to fund its commitment, the portion of the
committed facility provided by such defaulting financial institution would not be available to us. There can be no assurance that alternative financing on acceptable terms would be available to replace any defaulted commitments. Our existing levels of debt and debt service requirements may adversely affect our financial condition or operational flexibility and prevent us from
fulfilling our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness. Our level of debt could have adverse consequences for our business,
financial condition, operating results and operational flexibility, including the following: (i) the debt level may cause us to have difficulty borrowing money in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other
purposes; (ii) our debt level may limit operational flexibility and our ability to pursue business opportunities and implement certain business strategies; (iii) we use a large portion of our operating cash flow to pay principal and
interest on our credit facility, which reduces the amount of money available to finance operations, acquisitions and other business activities; (iv) we have a higher level of debt than some of our competitors or potential competitors, which may
cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions, including increased competition and vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (v) our debt has
a variable rate of interest, which exposes us to the risk of increased interest rates; (vi) there are significant maturities on our debt that we may not be able to fulfill or that may be refinanced at higher rates; and (vii) if we fail to
satisfy our obligations under our outstanding debt or fail to comply with the financial or other restrictive covenants required under our credit facility, an event of default could result that would cause all of our debt to become due and payable
and could permit the lenders under our credit facility to foreclose on the assets securing such debt. Our balance sheet includes
significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. The impairment of a significant portion of these assets could negatively affect our financial results. Our balance sheet includes goodwill and intangible assets that represent a significant portion of our total assets at December 31, 2014. On at least an annual basis, we assess whether there have been
impairments in the carrying value of goodwill and intangible assets. If the carrying value of the asset is determined to be impaired, then it is written down to fair value by a charge to operating earnings. An impairment of a significant portion of
goodwill or intangible assets could materially negatively affect our results of operations. We may become involved in litigation that
could materially adversely affect our business financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. From time to time, we are
involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations. Any claims, with or without merit, could be time-consuming and result in costly litigation. Failure to successfully defend against these claims could result in a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. 25 Table of Contents If we engage in acquisitions, strategic partnerships or significant investments in new business, we will
be exposed to risks which could materially adversely affect our business. As part of our business strategy, we anticipate that we may
acquire new products and services or enhance existing products and services through acquisitions of other companies, product lines, technologies and personnel, or through investments in, or strategic partnerships with, other companies. Any
acquisition, investment or partnership, including our recently completed acquisition of ReD, is subject to a number of risks. Such risks include the diversion of management time and resources, disruption of our ongoing business, potential
overpayment for the acquired company or assets, dilution to existing stockholders if our common stock is issued in consideration for an acquisition or investment, incurring or assuming indebtedness or other liabilities in connection with an
acquisition which may increase our interest expense and leverage significantly, lack of familiarity with new markets, and difficulties in supporting new product lines. Further, even if we successfully complete acquisitions, we may encounter issues not discovered during our due diligence process, including product or service quality issues, intellectual property issues
and legal contingencies, the internal control environment of the acquired entity may not be consistent with our standards and may require significant time and resources to improve and we may impair relationships with e mployees and customers
as a result of migrating a business or product line to a new owner. We will also face challenges in integrating any acquired business. These challenges include eliminating redundant operations, facilities and systems, coordinating management and
personnel, retaining key employees, customers and business partners, managing different corporate cultures, and achieving cost reductions and cross-selling opportunities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to fully integrate all aspects
of acquired businesses successfully, realize synergies expected to result from the acquisition, advance our business strategy or fully realize the potential benefits of bringing the businesses together, and the process of integrating these
acquisitions may further disrupt our business and divert our resources. Our failure to successfully manage acquisitions or investments, or
successfully integrate acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. Correspondingly, our expectations related to the benefits related to our recent acquisitions,
prior acquisitions or any other future acquisition or investment could be inaccurate. We may experience difficulties integrating ReD,
which could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. Achieving the anticipated benefits of our acquisition
of ReD will depend in part upon whether we are able to integrate the business of the company in an effective and efficient manner. We may not be able to accomplish this integration process smoothly or successfully. The integration of certain
operations will take time and will require the dedication of significant management resources, which may temporarily distract management’s attention from our routine business. Any delay or inability of management to successfully integrate the operations of ReD could compromise our potential to achieve the anticipated long-term strategic benefits of the acquisitions and could
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations after the acquisitions. Our
software products may contain undetected errors or other defects, which could damage our reputation with customers, decrease profitability, and expose us to liability. Our software products are complex. Software typically contains bugs or errors that can unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the software products. Our software products may contain undetected
errors or flaws when first introduced or as new versions are released. These undetected errors may result in loss of, or delay in, market acceptance of our products and a corresponding loss of sales or revenues. Customers depend upon our products
for mission-critical applications, and these errors may hurt our reputation with customers. In addition, software product errors or failures could subject us to product liability, as well as performance and warranty claims, which could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. 26 Table of Contents If our products and services fail to comply with legislation, government regulations and industry
standards to which our customers are subject, it could result in a loss of customers and decreased revenue. Legislation, governmental
regulation and industry standards affect how our business is conducted, and in some cases, could subject us to the possibility of future lawsuits arising from our products and services. Globally, legislation, governmental regulation and industry
standards may directly or indirectly impact our current and prospective customers’ activities, as well as their expectations and needs in relation to our products and services. For example, our products are affected by VISA and MasterCard
electronic payment standards that are generally updated twice annually. In addition, action by government and regulatory authorities such as the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and the Consumer Protection Act relating to financial regulatory reform,
as well as legislation and regulation related to credit availability, data usage, privacy, or other related regulatory developments could have an adverse effect on our customers and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. If we fail to comply with the complex regulations applicable to our payments
business, we could be subject to liability or our revenues may be reduced. OPAY is licensed as a money transmitter in those states where
such licensure is required. These licenses require us to demonstrate and maintain certain levels of net worth and liquidity and also require us to file periodic reports. In addition, our payment business is generally subject to federal regulation in
the United States, including anti-money laundering regulations and certain restrictions on transactions to or from certain individuals or entities. The complexity of these regulations will continue to increase our cost of doing business. Any
violations of law may also result in civil or criminal penalties against us and our officers or the prohibition against us providing money transmitter services in particular jurisdictions. In addition, our customers must ensure that our services comply with the government regulations and industry standards that apply to their businesses. Federal, state, foreign or industry authorities could
adopt laws, rules, or regulations affecting our customers’ businesses that could lead to increased operating costs that may lead to reduced market acceptance. In addition, action by regulatory authorities relating to credit availability, data
usage, privacy, or other related regulatory developments could have an adverse effect on our customers and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to comply with privacy regulations imposed on providers of services to financial institutions, our business could be harmed. As a provider of services to financial institutions, we may be bound by the same limitations on disclosure of the information we receive
from our customers as apply to the financial institutions themselves. If we are subject to these limitations and we fail to comply with applicable regulations, we could be exposed to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, our
customer relationships and reputation could be harmed, and we could be inhibited in our ability to obtain new customers. In addition, if more restrictive privacy laws or rules are adopted in the future on the federal or state level, or, with respect
to our international operations, by authorities in foreign jurisdictions on the national, provincial, state, or other level, that could have an adverse impact on our business. Our risk management and information security programs are the subject of oversight and periodic reviews by the federal agencies that regulate our business. In the event that an examination of our
information security and risk management functions results in adverse findings, such findings could be made public or communicated to our regulated financial institution customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 27 Table of Contents If our security measures are breached or become infected with a computer virus, or if our services are
subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access our products or services, our business will be harmed by disrupting delivery of services and damaging our reputation. As part of our business, we electronically receive, process, store, and transmit sensitive business information of our customers. Unauthorized access to our computer systems or databases could result in
the theft or publication of confidential information or the deletion or modification of records or could otherwise cause interruptions in our operations. These concerns about security are increased when we transmit information over the Internet.
Security breaches in connection with the delivery of our products and services, including products and services utilizing the Internet, or well-publicized security breaches, and the trend toward broad consumer and general public notification of such
incidents, could significantly harm our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. We cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities, discovery of new vulnerabilities, attempts to exploit vulnerabilities in our
systems, data thefts, physical system or network break-ins or inappropriate access, or other developments will not compromise or breach the technology protecting our networks and confidential information. Computer viruses have also been distributed
and have rapidly spread over the Internet. Computer viruses could infiltrate our systems, disrupting our delivery of services and making our applications unavailable. Any inability to prevent security breaches or computer viruses could also cause
existing customers to lose confidence in our systems and terminate their agreements with us, and could inhibit our ability to attract new customers. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property and technology and may be subject to increasing litigation over our intellectual property rights. To protect our proprietary rights in our intellectual property, we rely on a combination of contractual provisions, including customer licenses that
restrict use of our products, confidentiality agreements and procedures, and trade secret and copyright laws. Despite such efforts, we may not be able to adequately protect our proprietary rights, or our competitors may independently develop similar
technology, duplicate products, or design around any rights we believe to be proprietary. This may be particularly true in countries other than the United States because some foreign laws do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as
certain laws of the United States. Any failure or inability to protect our proprietary rights could materially adversely affect our business. There has been a substantial amount of litigation in the software industry regarding intellectual property rights. Third parties have in the past, and
may in the future, assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights to business processes, technologies and related standards that are relevant to us and our customers.
These assertions have increased over time as a result of the general increase in patent claims assertions, particularly in the United States. Because of the existence of a large number of patents in the electronic commerce field, the secrecy of some
pending patents and the rapid issuance of new patents, it is not economical or even possible to determine in advance whether a product or any of its components infringes or will infringe on the patent rights of others. Any claim against us, with or
without merit, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, cause product delivery delays, require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements or pay amounts in settlement, or require us to develop alternative non-infringing
technology. We anticipate that software product developers and providers of electronic commerce solutions could increasingly be subject to
infringement claims, and third parties may claim that our present and future products infringe upon their intellectual property rights. Third parties may also claim, and we are aware that at least two parties have claimed on several occasions, that
our customers’ use of a business process method which utilizes our products in conjunction with other products infringe on the third-party’s intellectual property rights. These third-party claims could lead to indemnification claims
against us by our customers. Claims against our customers related to our products, whether or not meritorious, could harm our reputation and reduce demand for our products. Where indemnification claims are made by customers, resistance even to
unmeritorious claims could damage the customer relationship. A successful claim by a third-party of intellectual property infringement 28 Table of Contents by us or one of our customers could compel us to enter into costly royalty or license agreements, pay significant damages, or stop selling certain products and incur additional costs to develop
alternative non-infringing technology. Royalty or licensing agreements, if required, may not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all, which could adversely affect our business. Our exposure to risks associated with the use of intellectual property may be increased for third-party products distributed by us or as a result of acquisitions since we have a lower level of visibility,
if any, into the development process with respect to such third-party products and acquired technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. Certain payment funding methods expose us to the credit and/or operating risk of our clients. When we process an automated clearing house or automated teller machine network payment transaction for certain clients, we occasionally transfer funds from our settlement account to the intended
destination account before we receive funds from a client’s source account. The vast majority of these occurrences are resolved quickly through normal processes. However, if they are not resolved and we are then unable to reverse the
transaction that sent funds to the intended destination, a shortfall in our settlement account will be created. Although we have legal recourse against our clients for the amount of the shortfall, timing of recovery may be delayed by litigation or
the amount of any recovery may be less than the shortfall. In either case, we would have to fund the shortfall in our settlement account from our corporate funds. Our revenue and earnings are highly cyclical, our quarterly results fluctuate significantly and we have revenue-generating transactions concentrated in the final weeks of a quarter which may prevent
accurate forecasting of our financial results and cause our stock price to decline. Our revenue and earnings are highly cyclical causing
significant quarterly fluctuations in our financial results. Revenue and operating results are usually strongest during the third and fourth fiscal quarters ending September 30 and December 31 primarily due to the sales and budgetary
cycles of our customers. We experience lower revenues, and possible operating losses, in the first and second quarters ending March 31 and June 30. Our financial results may also fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a
variety of factors, including changes in product sales mix that affect average selling prices; and the timing of customer renewals (any of which may impact the pattern of revenue recognition). In addition, large portions of our customer contracts are consummated in the final weeks of each quarter. Before these contracts are consummated, we
create and rely on forecasted revenues for planning, modeling and earnings guidance. Forecasts, however, are only estimates and actual results may vary for a particular quarter or longer periods of time. Consequently, significant discrepancies
between actual and forecasted results could limit our ability to plan, budget or provide accurate guidance, which could adversely affect our stock price. Any publicly-stated revenue or earnings projections are subject to this risk. If we experience business interruptions or failure of our information technology and communication systems, the availability of our products and
services could be interrupted which could adversely affect our reputation, business and financial condition. Our ability to provide
reliable service in a number of our businesses depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers, information technology and communication systems, and those of our external service providers. As we continue to grow our On
Demand business, our dependency on the continuing operation and availability of these systems increases. Our systems and data centers, and those of our external service providers, could be exposed to damage or interruption from fire, natural
disasters, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses. Although we have taken steps to prevent system failures and we have installed back-up systems and procedures to prevent or reduce disruption, such steps 29 Table of Contents may not be sufficient to prevent an interruption of services and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. Further, our property and business interruption insurance
may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur. An operational failure or outage in any of these systems, or
damage to or destruction of these systems, which causes disruptions in our services, could result in loss of customers, damage to customer relationships, reduced revenues and profits, refunds of customer charges and damage to our brand and
reputation and may require us to incur substantial additional expense to repair or replace damaged equipment and recover data loss caused by the interruption. Any one or more of the foregoing occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our
reputation, business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. We are engaged in offshore software development
activities, which may not be successful and which may put our intellectual property at risk. As part of our globalization strategy and to
optimize available research and development resources, we utilize our Irish subsidiary to serve as the focal point for certain international product development and commercialization efforts. This subsidiary oversees remote software development
operations in Romania and elsewhere, as well as manages certain of our intellectual property rights. In addition, we manage certain offshore development activities in India. While our experience to date with our offshore development centers has been
positive, there is no assurance that this will continue. Specifically, there are a number of risks associated with this activity, including but not limited to the following: • communications and information flow may be less efficient and accurate as a consequence of the time, distance and language differences between
our primary development organization and the foreign based activities, resulting in delays in development or errors in the software developed; • in addition to the risk of misappropriation of intellectual property from departing personnel, there is a general risk of the potential for
misappropriation of our intellectual property that might not be readily discoverable; • the quality of the development efforts undertaken offshore may not meet our requirements because of language, cultural and experiential
differences, resulting in potential product errors and/or delays; • potential disruption from the involvement of the United States in political and military conflicts around the world; and • currency exchange rates could fluctuate and adversely impact the cost advantages intended from maintaining these facilities. There are a number of risks associated with our international operations that could have a material impact on our
operations and financial condition. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from international operations and anticipate
continuing to do so. As a result, we are subject to risks of conducting international operations. One of the principal risks associated with international operations is potentially adverse movements of foreign currency exchange rates. Our exposures
resulting from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may change over time as our business evolves and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. We have not entered into any derivative
instruments or hedging contracts to reduce exposure to adverse foreign currency changes. Other potential risks include difficulties
associated with staffing and management, reliance on independent distributors, longer payment cycles, potentially unfavorable changes to foreign tax rules, compliance with foreign regulatory requirements, effects of a variety of foreign laws and
regulations, including restrictions on access to personal information, reduced protection of intellectual property rights, variability of foreign economic 30 Table of Contents conditions, governmental currency controls, difficulties in enforcing our contracts in foreign jurisdictions, and general economic and political conditions in the countries where we sell our
products and services. Some of our products may contain encrypted technology, the export of which is regulated by the United States government. Changes in United States and other applicable export laws and regulations restricting the export of
software or encryption technology could result in delays or reductions in our shipments of products internationally. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully address these challenges. We may face exposure to unknown tax liabilities, which could adversely affect our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations. We are subject to income and non-income based taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is
required in determining our worldwide income tax liabilities and other tax liabilities. In addition, we expect to continue to benefit from implemented tax-saving strategies. We believe that these tax-saving strategies comply with applicable tax law.
If the governing tax authorities have a different interpretation of the applicable law and successfully challenge any of our tax positions, our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be adversely affected. Our US companies are the subject of an examination by the Internal Revenue Service as well as several state tax departments. Some of our foreign
subsidiaries are currently the subject of a tax examination by the local taxing authorities. Other foreign subsidiaries could face challenges from various foreign tax authorities. It is not certain that the local authorities will accept our tax
positions. We believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and intend to vigorously defend our positions. However, differing positions on certain issues could be upheld by foreign tax authorities, which could adversely affect our
financial condition and/or results of operations. Our stock price may be volatile. No assurance can be given that operating results will not vary from quarter to quarter, and past performance may not accurately predict future
performance. Any fluctuations in quarterly operating results may result in volatility in our stock price. Our stock price may also be volatile, in part, due to external factors such as announcements by third parties or competitors, inherent
volatility in the technology sector, variability in demand from our existing customers, failure to meet the expectations of market analysts, the level of our operating expenses and changing market conditions in the software industry. In addition,
the financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have particularly affected the stock prices of many technology companies and financial services companies, and these fluctuations sometimes are unrelated to the
operating performance of these companies. Broad market fluctuations, as well as industry-specific and general economic conditions may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 