0001144204-15-015101.txt : 20150310 0001144204-15-015101.hdr.sgml : 20150310 20150310160535
ACCESSION NUMBER: 0001144204-15-015101
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT: 11
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE: 20150310
DATE AS OF CHANGE: 20150310 FILER: COMPANY DATA: COMPANY CONFORMED NAME: 1347 Capital Corp CENTRAL INDEX KEY: 0001606163 STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770] IRS NUMBER: 000000000 FISCAL YEAR END: 1231 FILING VALUES: FORM TYPE: 10-K SEC ACT: 1934 Act SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36541 FILM NUMBER: 15688808 BUSINESS ADDRESS: STREET 1: 150 PIERCE ROAD STREET 2: 6TH FLOOR CITY: ITASCA STATE: IL ZIP: 60143 BUSINESS PHONE: 847-700-8064 MAIL ADDRESS: STREET 1: 150 PIERCE ROAD STREET 2: 6TH FLOOR CITY: ITASCA STATE: IL ZIP: 60143 10-K 1 v400771_10k.htm FORM 10-K UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K x ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31,
2014 OR ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 Commission File Number 001-36541 1347 Capital Corp. (Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) Delaware, USA 46-5399422 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 150 Pierce Road, 6 th Floor Itasca, IL 60143 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 1-847-700-8064 (Registrant's telephone
number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock, one Right and one Warrant The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Common Stock, par value $0.0001 per share The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Warrants exercisable for one-half of one share of Common Stock The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Rights, exchangeable into one-tenth of one share of Common Stock The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No x Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports),
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit and post such files). Yes x No ¨ Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this
chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ¨ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated
filer ¨ Smaller reporting company x Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes x No ¨ As of March 5, 2015, the aggregate
market value of the registrant's voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $44,298,000 based upon the closing sale
price of the common stock as reported by the Nasdaq Capital Market. Solely for purposes of this calculation, the sponsor, all executive
officers and directors of the registrant are considered affiliates. The number of shares of the registrant's
Common Stock outstanding as of March 10, 2015 was 5,948,000. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None 1347 CAPITAL CORP. Form 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS Part I. Item 1. Business. 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 10 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 33 Item 2. Properties. 33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 34 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 34 Pat II. Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchase of Equity Securities. 34 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. 35 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 36 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk. 42 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 42 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 57 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 57 Item 9B. Other Information. 58 Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executives Officers and Corporate Governance. 58 Item 11. Executive Compensation. 71 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 72 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 74 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 78 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 79 ii Cautionary Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes
“forward looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
to differ materially from those expected and projected. Words such as “expects”, “believes”, “anticipates”,
“intends”, “estimates”, “seeks”, “may”, “should”, “outlook”,
“forecast” and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward looking statements,
but these words are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. Such forward looking statements relate to
future events or future performance, but reflect 1347 Capital Corp. management’s current beliefs, based on information currently
available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance
and results discussed in the forward looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward looking statements, please refer to Item 1A, “Risk Factors”.
References to “we”, “us”, “our” or the “Company” are to 1347 Capital Corp., except
where context requires otherwise. The Company's securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission’s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company
disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. Part I Item 1. Business Introductions 1347 Capital Corp. (“1347 Capital”
or the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on April 15, 2014 as a blank check company whose objective is to acquire,
through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination, one or more operating businesses (a “Business Combination”). At December 31, 2014, the Company had not
yet commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2014 relates to the Company’s formation, the Offering described
below, and search for an acquisition target. Company History The Company consummated its
initial public offering (the “Offering”) of 4,000,000 units (“Units”) on July 21, 2014 generating gross proceeds
of $40,000,000. The Company granted the representative of the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 600,000
Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any. Simultaneously with the closing of the Offering, 1347 Capital also consummated
a private placement of 180,000 units (“Private Units,”) at $10 per unit and 600,000 warrants, or
“$15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants” at $0.50 per warrant generating gross proceeds of $2,100,000. In April
2014, Company’s insiders purchased an aggregate of 1,150,000 shares of common stock (the “Insider Shares),”
for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.02 per share. On July 21, 2014 the underwriters
exercised their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional 600,000 Units at the Offering
price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000. In a private sale that took place simultaneously with the
exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company’s sponsor purchased an additional 18,000 Private Units at $10.00 per
unit. All of the proceeds received from
the Offering and sale of Private Units were placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”), with Continental
Stock Transfer and Trust Company acting as trustee, after paying for certain expenses and working capital requirements of
the Company, such that at least approximately $10.00 per Unit sold in the Offering will be held in trust until the earlier of
(i) the consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination and (ii) the Company’s failure to consummate a
Business Combination within the prescribed time. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we
will not engage in, any substantive commercial business for an indefinite period of time following the Offering. We intend to utilize
cash derived from the proceeds of the Offering and the private placement of Private Units, our capital stock, debt or a combination
of these in effecting our initial Business Combination. Our initial Business Combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger
with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which desires to establish a public trading market for its
shares. In the alternative, we may seek to consummate a Business Combination with a company that may be financially unstable or
in its early stages of development or growth. While we may seek to effect simultaneous Business Combinations with more than one
target business, we will probably have the ability, as a result of our limited resources, to effect only a single Business Combination. 3 Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target
business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, venture
capital funds, private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, management buyout funds and other members of the financial
community. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by
us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be
interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read the prospectus associated with our initial
public offering and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as
their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business
contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or
conventions. In addition to our engagement of EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. described elsewhere in this Annual Report, we may engage
professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions or mergers in the future, in which event we
may pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation
based on the terms of the transaction. In no event, however, will Kingsway Financial Services Inc (“Kingsway”),
Fund Management Group LLC (“FMG”), our sponsor or any of the members of our management team be paid any
finder’s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate,
the consummation of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have no present
intention to enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or insiders. However, we are not restricted from entering into any such transactions and may do so if (1)
such transaction is approved by a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time) and
(2) we obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our
unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view. Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of Our Initial Business Combination Subject to our management team’s
fiduciary duties and the limitation that one or more target businesses have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80% of the
value of the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriter’s fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust
Account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination, as described below in more
detail, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective target business.
Additionally, there is no limitation on our ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial Business
Combination. We have not established any specific attributes or criteria (financial or otherwise) for prospective target businesses. 4 In evaluating a prospective target business,
our management may consider a variety of factors, including one or more of the following: · financial condition and results of operation; · growth potential; · return on equity or invested capital; · market capitalization or enterprise value; · experience and skill of management and
availability of additional personnel; · capital requirements; · competitive position; · barriers to entry; · stage of development of the products,
processes or services; · existing distribution and potential for
expansion; · degree of current or potential market
acceptance of the products, processes or services; · proprietary aspects of products and the
extent of intellectual property or other protection for products or formulas; · impact of regulation on the business; · regulatory environment of the industry; · costs associated with effecting the business
combination; · industry leadership, sustainability of
market share and attractiveness of market industries in which a target business participates; and · macro competitive dynamics in the industry
within which the company competes. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Our management may not consider any of the above criteria in evaluating a prospective target business. Any evaluation relating to the merits of
a particular business combination will be based, to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed
relevant by our management in effecting a business combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective
target business, we will conduct an extensive due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent
management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial and other information which is made available to us. This
due diligence review will be conducted either by our management or by unaffiliated third parties we may engage. The time and costs required to select and
evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination remain to be determined. Any costs incurred
with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which a business combination is not ultimately
completed will result in a loss to us and reduce the amount of capital available to otherwise complete a business combination. 5 Fair Market Value of Target Business Pursuant to Nasdaq listing rules, our initial
Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80%
of the value of the funds in the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriter’s fees and taxes payable on the income
earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination, although
we may structure a Business Combination with one or more target businesses whose fair market value significantly exceeds 80% of
the Trust Account balance. We currently anticipate structuring a Business Combination to acquire 100% of the equity interests or
assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure a Business Combination where we merge directly with the
target business or where we acquire less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain
objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business Combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise owns
or acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under
the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities of the target,
our stockholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending
on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction
in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this
case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number
of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding
shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100% of the equity interests or assets of a target business
or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or
acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80% of net assets test. In order to consummate such an acquisition, we may
issue a significant amount of our debt or equity securities to the sellers of such businesses and/or seek to raise additional funds
through a private offering of debt or equity securities. The fair market value of the target will be determined by our board of
directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings,
cash flow and/or book value). If our board is not able to independently determine that the target business has a sufficient fair
market value, we will obtain an opinion from an unaffiliated, independent investment banking firm, or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, with respect to the satisfaction
of such criteria. We will not be required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm, or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions on the type of target business we are seeking to acquire, as to the fair market
value if our board of directors independently determines that the target business complies with the 80% threshold. However, if
we seek to consummate an initial Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or
insiders and are therefore required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the Business Combination
is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view, we may ask that banking firm to opine on whether the target
business met the 80% fair market value test. Nevertheless, we are not required to do so and could determine not to do so without
consent of our stockholders. 6 Stockholder Approval of Business Combination In connection with any proposed Business
Combination, we will seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which
public stockholders (but not our insiders, officers or directors) may seek to convert their shares of common stock, regardless
of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination, into a portion of the aggregate amount then on deposit in
the Trust Account, subject to the limitations described herein. We will consummate our initial Business
Combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets
to be less than $5,000,001 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the business combination.
As a result, if stockholders owning approximately 89.1% or more of the shares of common stock sold in our Offering exercise conversion
rights, the Business Combination will not be consummated. However, the actual percentages will only be able to be determined once
a target business is located and we can assess all of the assets and liabilities of the combined company (which would include the
fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital in an amount equal to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in the Offering as described elsewhere
in this Annual Report, less up to 30% of such fee that we may allocate to one or more other advisors that assist us in identifying
or consummating an initial Business Combination, any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our insiders, officers, directors or their
affiliates in connection with certain activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets
and Business Combinations that have not been repaid at that time, as well as any other liabilities of ours and the liabilities
of the target business) upon consummation of the proposed Business Combination, subject to the requirement that we must have at
least $5,000,001 of net tangible assets upon closing of such business combination. As a result, the actual percentages of shares
that can be converted may be significantly lower than our estimates. We chose our net tangible asset threshold of $5,000,001 to
ensure that we would avoid being subject to Rule 419 promulgated under the Securities Act. However, if we seek to consummate an
initial Business Combination with a target business that imposes any type of working capital closing condition or requires us to
have a minimum amount of funds available from the Trust Account upon consummation of such initial Business Combination, our net
tangible asset threshold may limit our ability to consummate such initial Business Combination (as we may be required to have a
lesser number of shares converted) and may force us to seek third party financing which may not be available on terms acceptable
to us or at all. Alternatively, we may not be able to consummate a Business Combination unless the number of shares of common stock
seeking conversion rights is significantly less than the 89.1% indicated above. As a result, we may not be able to consummate such
initial Business Combination and we may not be able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at
all. Public shareholders may therefore have to wait 18 months from the closing of our Offering (or 24 months from the closing of
our Offering if we have executed a letter of intent or definitive agreement for a Business Combination within 18 months from the
closing of our Offering but have not consummated the Business Combination within such 18-month period) in order to be able to receive
a portion of the Trust Account. Our insiders, officers and directors have
agreed (1) to vote any shares of common stock owned by them in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (2) not to convert
any shares of common stock into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve
a proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
relating to stockholders’ rights or pre-Business Combination activity. 7 None of our officers, directors, insiders or their affiliates has indicated any intention to purchase Units or shares of common stock in the open market
or in private transactions. However, if we hold a meeting to approve a proposed Business Combination and a significant number of
stockholders vote, or indicate an intention to vote, against such proposed Business Combination, our officers, directors, insiders
or their affiliates could make such purchases in the open market or in private transactions in order to influence the vote. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, our officers, directors, insiders or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares of common stock if the purchases
would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Conversion Rights At any meeting called to approve an initial
Business Combination, any public stockholder, whether voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, will be entitled
to demand that his or her shares of common stock be converted for a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account
(initially $10.00 per share), plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to us or necessary to pay our taxes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public
stockholder, together with any affiliate of his or hers, or any other person with whom he or she is acting in concert or as a “group”
(as defined in Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to 20% or more
of the shares of common stock sold in our Offering. Such a public stockholder would still be entitled to vote against a proposed
Business Combination with respect to all shares of common stock owned by him or her, or his or her affiliates. We believe this
restriction will prevent stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares before the vote held to approve a proposed Business
Combination and attempt to use the conversion right as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant
premium to the then current market price. By limiting a stockholder’s ability to convert no more than 20% of the shares of
common stock sold in the Offering, we believe we have limited the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt
to block a transaction which is favored by our other public stockholders. None of our insiders, officers or directors
will have the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial
Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation relating to stockholders’
rights or pre-business combination activity with respect to any shares of common stock owned by them, directly or indirectly, whether
acquired prior to the Offering or purchased by them in the Offering or in the aftermarket. Liquidation if No Business Combination If we do not complete a Business Combination
within 18 months from the closing of our Offering (or 24 months from the closing of our Offering if we have entered into a letter
of intent or definitive agreement for a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our Offering but the Business
Combination has not been completed within such 18-month period), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100% of the outstanding public
shares and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. At such time, the rights and warrants will
expire, holders of rights and warrants will receive nothing upon a liquidation with respect to such rights and warrants, respectively,
and the rights and warrants will be worthless. 8 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting
a target business, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours. Many of
these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through
affiliates. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources than us and our financial resources
will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there may be numerous potential
target businesses that we could complete a Business Combination with utilizing the net proceeds of our Offering, our ability to
compete in completing a Business Combination with certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. The following also may not be viewed favorably
by certain target businesses: • our obligation to seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination may delay the completion of a transaction; • our obligation to convert shares of common stock held by our public stockholders may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination; • our outstanding rights, warrants and unit purchase options, and the potential future dilution they represent; • our obligation to ensure that if we enter into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis (for instance, if the Business Combination would result in each share of common stock outstanding being exchanged for two shares of common stock, each right would result in the holder receiving two-tenths (2/10) of a share of common stock upon consummation of such Business Combination); • our obligation to pay the fee to EarlyBirdCapital for acting as an investment banker in connection with our initial Business Combination; • our obligation to either repay or issue Private Units upon conversion of up to $500,000 of working capital loans that may be made to us by our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates; • our obligation to register the resale of the Insider Shares, as well as the Private Units (and underlying securities) and any shares issued to our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates upon conversion of working capital loans; and • the impact on the target business’ assets as a result of unknown liabilities under the securities laws or otherwise depending on developments involving us prior to the consummation of a business combination. Any of these factors may place us at a
competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial Business Combination. Our management believes, however, that our
status as a public entity and potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over
privately-held entities having a similar business objective as ours in connection with an initial Business Combination with a target
business with significant growth potential on favorable terms. 9 If we succeed in effecting our initial
Business Combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from competitors of the target business. Subsequent
to our initial Business Combination, we may not have the resources or ability to compete effectively. Facilities We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 150 Pierce Road, 6th Floor, Itasca, IL 60143. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month fee 1347
Capital LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, charges us for general and administrative services pursuant to a letter agreement between
us and 1347 Capital LLC. We believe that the fee charged by 1347 Capital LLC is at least as favorable as we could have obtained
from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to
our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. Employees We have two executive officers. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters and intend to devote only as much time as deem necessary
to our affairs. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected
for the Business Combination and the stage of the Business Combination process the Company is in. Accordingly, once a suitable
target business has been located, management will spend more time investigating such target business and negotiating and processing
the Business Combination (and consequently spend more time on our affairs) than had been spent prior to locating a suitable target
business. We presently expect our executive officers to devote an average of approximately 10 hours per week to our business. We
do not intend to have any full time employees prior to consummation of our initial Business Combination. Item 1A. Risk Factors The risks and uncertainties
described below are those specific to the Company which we currently believe have the potential to be material, but they may
not be the only ones we face. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that we have not yet
identified or that we currently consider not to be material, actually occur or become material risks, our business,
prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Investors
are advised to consider these factors along with the other information included in this Annual Report and to review any
additonal risks discussed in our filings with the SEC. 10 Risks Associated with Our Business We are a newly formed development
stage company with no operating history and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective. Since we lack an operating history, you
have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to complete our initial Business Combination
with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning
a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our Business Combination. If we fail to complete our Business Combination,
we will never generate any operating revenues. If we are unable to consummate our
initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 24 months before receiving distributions
from the Trust Account. We will have until 18 months from the closing
of our Offering (or 24 months from the closing of our Offering if we have executed a letter of intent or definitive agreement for
an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our Offering but have not completed the initial Business Combination
within such 18-month period) to consummate our initial Business Combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to such date unless we consummate our initial Business Combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have
sought to convert their shares. Only after the expiration of this full time period will holders of our common stock be entitled
to distributions from the Trust Account if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, investors’
funds may be unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced
to sell their public shares, potentially at a loss. You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of
our Offering are intended to be used to complete our initial Business Combination with a target business that has not
been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws.
However, since we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,001 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an
audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the
benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability of our securities,
require us to complete our initial Business Combination within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration
statement and restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account. Because we are not subject to Rule
419, our Units became immediately tradable, we are entitled to withdraw certain amounts from the funds held in the Trust
Account prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination and we have a longer period of time to complete such
a Business Combination than we would if we were subject to Rule 419. 11 If we determine to change our acquisition
criteria or guidelines, many of the disclosures contained in this Annual Report regarding our acquisition criteria or guidelines
would no longer apply. We could seek to deviate from the
acquisition criteria or guidelines disclosed in this Annual Report although we have no current intention to do so. For
instance, as required by Nasdaq, we currently anticipate structuring a Business Combination with one or more target
businesses having an aggregate fair market value that is at least equal to 80% of the value of the Trust Account (excluding
any deferred underwriter’s fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
execution of a letter of intent or definitive agreement for a Business Combination. However, we could be delisted from Nasdaq
and therefore no longer be required to meet this requirement. Furthermore, there are numerous agreements between us and our
affiliates that could be amended between the parties without approval of public stockholders. In such event, many of the
acquisition criteria and guidelines set forth in this Annual Report (such as the voting, transfer and liquidation
restrictions agreed to by the holders of the Insider Shares described in the prospectus associated with our initial public offering,
the indemnification obligations of Kingsway and FMG described below and the obligations of Kingsway and FMG to pay the cost
of liquidation if the funds held outside the Trust Account are insufficient for such purposes) may no longer apply. If we deviate from the acquisition
criteria or guidelines set forth in this Annual Report, holders of our securities may have rescission rights or may bring an action
for damages against us or we could be subject to civil or criminal actions taken by governmental authorities. If we were to elect to deviate
from the acquisition criteria or guidelines set forth in this Annual Report or in the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, each person who purchased Units in our Offering and still held such securities upon
learning of the facts relating to the deviation may seek rescission of the purchase of the Units he or she acquired in the
offering (under which a successful claimant has the right to receive the total amount paid for his or her securities, plus
interest and less any income earned on the securities, in exchange for surrender of the securities) or bring an action for
damages against us (compensation for loss on an investment caused by alleged material misrepresentations or omissions in the
sale of a security). In such event, we could also be subject to civil or criminal actions taken by governmental authorities.
For instance, the SEC can seek injunctions under Section 20(b) of the Securities Act if it believes a violation under the
Securities Act has occurred or is imminent. The SEC can also seek civil penalties under Sections 20(d) and 24 if a party has
violated the Securities Act or an injunctive action taken by the SEC or if a party willfully, in a registration statement
filed under the Securities Act, makes any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Furthermore, Section 20 allows the SEC to refer
matters to the attorney general to bring criminal penalties against an issuer. 12 We may issue shares of our capital
stock to complete our initial Business Combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause
a change in control of our ownership. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation currently authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Although we have no commitment as of the date of
this Annual Report, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock, or
a combination of common stock and preferred stock, to complete our initial Business Combination. The issuance of
additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: • May significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in our securities; • may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; • may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock. We may issue notes or other debt
securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and
financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the
date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to
incur substantial debt to complete our Business Combination. However, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects,
including: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; and • limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. The funds held in the Trust Account
may not earn significant interest and, as a result, we may be limited to the funds held outside of the Trust Account to fund our
search for target businesses, to pay our tax obligations and to complete our initial Business Combination. 13 We depend on sufficient interest being
earned on the proceeds held in the Trust Account to provide us with additional working capital we may need to identify one or more
target businesses and to complete our initial Business Combination, as well as to pay any tax obligations that we may owe. Interest
rates on permissible investments for us have been less than 1% over the last several years. Accordingly, if we do not earn a sufficient
amount of interest on the funds held in the Trust Account and use all of the funds held outside of the Trust Account, we may not
have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close our initial Business Combination. In such event, we
would need to borrow funds from our insiders, officers or directors to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Our insiders, officers
and directors are under no obligation to loan us any funds. If we are unable to obtain the funds necessary, we may be forced to
cease searching for a target business and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. We may not have sufficient working capital to cover
our operating expenses. Following the consummation of the Offering and after paying offering related expenses, the amounts
available to us to pay our operating expenses have consisted primarily of the approximately $575,000 initially held outside of
the Trust Account and any interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account remaining after interest is released to pay our income
or other tax obligations. Additionally, we may delay payment of the $10,000 monthly fee payable to 1347 Capital LLC upon a determination
by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection
with our initial business combination, with any such unpaid amount accruing without interest and becoming due and payable no later
than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. However, the amounts available to us, even if we cease
paying the $10,000 monthly fee to 1347 Capital LLC, may not be sufficient to fund our operating expenses. In such event, we would
need to borrow funds from our insiders, officers or directors or from third parties to continue to operate. However, our insiders,
officers and directors and third parties are under no obligation to loan us any funds. If we are unable to obtain the necessary
funds, we may be forced to cease searching for a target business and liquidate without completing our initial Business Combination. Reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our insiders, officers, directors or any of their affiliates in connection with certain
activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets for a Business Combination, could
reduce the funds available to us to consummate a Business Combination. In addition, an indemnification claim by one or more
of our officers and directors in the event that any of them are sued in their capacity as an officer or director could also
reduce the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account. We reimburse our insiders, officers,
directors or any of their affiliates for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf,
such as identifying and investigating possible business targets for a Business Combination. There is no limit on the amount
of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, that, to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not
deposited in the Trust Account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account that may be released
to us, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial Business Combination. In addition,
pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, we may be required to indemnify our
officers and directors in the event that any of them are sued in their capacity as an officer or director. We have also
entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the
indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and under Delaware law. In the event
that we reimburse our insiders, officers, directors or any of their affiliates for out-of-pocket expenses prior to the
consummation of a Business Combination or are required to indemnify any of our officers or directors pursuant to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, Delaware law, or the indemnity agreements that we have entered into with them, we
would use funds available to us outside of the Trust Account or interest released to us from the Trust Account for
our working capital requirements. Any reduction in the funds available to us could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to locate and investigate prospective target businesses and to structure, negotiate, conduct due diligence in
connection with or consummate our initial Business Combination. 14 If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be
less than approximately $10.00. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account
may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers
we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may not execute
such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the Trust Account.
A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to
claims which could take priority over those of our public stockholders. If we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination
within the required time period, Kingsway and FMG have agreed that they will be jointly and severally liable to ensure that the
proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are
owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but only if such a vendor or prospective target
business does not execute such a waiver. However, Kingsway and FMG may not be able to meet such obligation as we have not required
Kingsway and FMG to retain any assets to provide for their indemnification obligations, nor have we taken any further steps to
ensure that Kingsway and FMG will be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that arise. Moreover, Kingsway and FMG will
not be liable to our public stockholders if they should fail to satisfy their obligations under this agreement and instead will
only be liable to us. Therefore, the per share redemption or conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than
approximately $10.00 due to such claims. Additionally, if we are forced to file
a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust
Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account,
the per share redemption or conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00. Our stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within 18 months from the closing of our Offering (or 24 months from the closing of our Offering if we have entered
into a letter of intent or definitive agreement with a target business for a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing
of our Offering but the Business Combination has not been consummated within such 18-month period), we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
100% of the outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining holders of common stock and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii)
above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We
may not properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable
for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well
beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, third parties may seek to recover from our stockholders
amounts owed to them by us. 15 If, after we distribute the proceeds
in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be
viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court
could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds
in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent
any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. Unlike other blank check companies,
our Units are comprised of common stock, warrants to purchase one-half of one share of our common stock and rights, rather than
units comprised of common stock and warrants to purchase one share of our common stock. Unlike other blank check companies that
sell units comprised of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase one share of our common stock in their initial public offerings,
we issued Units comprised of shares of common stock, warrants to purchase one-half of one share of our common stock and rights
automatically entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of a share of common stock upon consummation of our initial Business Combination.
Neither the rights nor the warrants will have any voting rights and each will expire and be worthless if we do not consummate an
initial Business Combination. Furthermore, no fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. As a result, unless
you acquire at least two warrants, you will not be able to receive a share of common stock upon exercise of your warrants. Accordingly,
investors in our Offering were not issued as many shares as part of their investment as they may have in other blank check company
offerings, which may have the effect of limiting the potential upside value of your investment in our company. 16 Holders of rights and warrants
will not have redemption rights if we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period. If we are unable to complete
an initial Business Combination within the required time period and we redeem our outstanding public shares using the funds
held in the Trust Account, the rights and warrants will expire and holders thereof will not receive any of such proceeds with
respect to such rights and warrants, respectively. Since we have not yet selected
a particular industry or target business with which to complete our initial Business Combination, we are unable to currently ascertain
the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate. Although we intend to focus our search
on target businesses operating in or providing services to the insurance industry, we may consummate our initial Business Combination
with a target business in any industry we choose and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business. Accordingly,
there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately
operate or the target business which we may ultimately consummate our initial Business Combination. To the extent we complete our
initial Business Combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete our initial Business Combination with an entity in
an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry.
We may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. An investment in our shares may not ultimately prove
to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. The requirement that our initial
Business Combination occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the
value of the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination may limit
the type and number of companies that we may complete such a Business Combination with. Pursuant to the Nasdaq listing rules, our
initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least
80% of the value of the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriter’s fees and taxes payable on the income earned on
the Trust Account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination. This restriction
may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a Business Combination with. If we are unable to locate a target
business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to
receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. 17 Our management may not be able
to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of
control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate
such business. We may structure our initial Business Combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business
Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise owns or acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities
of the target, our stockholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target.
In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of
our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently
combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target
business. Our ability to successfully effect
our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel,
some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage
after our initial Business Combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. Our ability to successfully effect our
initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial Business Combination. None of our officers are required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities,
including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. If our officers’ and directors’
other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to their other business activities, it could limit
their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial Business
Combination. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers.
The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. 18 The role of our key personnel after our
initial Business Combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the
target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which
could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Our officers and directors may
not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to consummate
our initial Business Combination with. We may consummate a business combination
with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. Our officers and directors may not have enough experience
or sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding our initial
Business Combination. Our key personnel may negotiate
employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements
may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have
conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain
with the company after the completion of our Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business
Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for
services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Members of our management team
may have affiliations with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Members of our management team may have
affiliations with companies, including companies that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation
of our initial Business Combination. As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another
entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. 19 We may engage in a Business Combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our executive officers, directors
or insiders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our insiders,
officers, and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our insiders, officers,
and directors. Our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities,
we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a Business Combination, such
transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time), and we obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the Business Combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from
a financial point of view. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm regarding the
fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses
affiliated with our officers, directors or insiders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms
of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. The shares beneficially owned by
our insiders, officers and directors will not participate in a redemption and, therefore, our insiders, officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. Our insiders, officers and directors have
waived their right to convert their Insider Shares, Private Units, $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants, or to redemption rights
with respect to their Insider Shares, Private Units or $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants upon a redemption if we are unable to
consummate our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, these securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial
Business Combination. Any rights and warrants they hold, like those held by the public, will also be worthless if we do not consummate
an initial Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation
in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business Combination. Consequently, our directors’
and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when
determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’
best interest. If we are unable to consummate a
Business Combination, any loans made by our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates would not be repaid, resulting in
a potential conflict of interest in determining whether a potential transaction is in our stockholders’ best interest. 20 In order to meet our working capital needs
our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any
time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. The loans would be non-interest bearing and would be payable
at the consummation of a Business Combination. If we fail to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period,
the loans would not be repaid. Consequently, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in determining whether
the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. Nasdaq may delist our securities
from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us
to additional trading restrictions. Our securities are currently listed
on Nasdaq. Although we expect to meet the listing standards of Nasdaq, we cannot assure you
that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial Business Combination. In order
to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial,
distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders’ equity (generally
$2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). We cannot assure you that
we will be able to continue to meet those Nasdaq’s listing requirements. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: • a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; • reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; • a determination that our shares are a “penny stock,” which will require brokers trading in our shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares; • a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and • a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. We may only be able to complete one
Business Combination with the proceeds of our Offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may
have a limited number of products or services. It is likely we will consummate our initial
Business Combination with a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously consummate our initial Business
Combination with several target businesses. By consummating a Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to
complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects
for our success may be: 21 • solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or • dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject
us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously
consummate our initial Business Combination with several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will
need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other
Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the Business Combination. With
multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible
multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with
the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the target companies in a single operating business.
If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise their conversion rights may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital
structure. If our initial Business Combination requires
us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise
conversion rights, we may either need to reserve part of the Trust Account for possible payment upon such conversion, or we may
need to arrange third party financing to help fund our initial Business Combination. In the event that the Business Combination
involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for
a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness
at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive Business Combination available to
us. We may be unable to consummate an
initial Business Combination if a target business requires that we have a certain amount of cash at closing, in which case public
stockholders may have to remain stockholders of our company and wait until our redemption of the public shares to receive a pro
rata share of the Trust Account or attempt to sell their shares in the open market. A potential target may make it a closing
condition to our initial Business Combination that we have a certain amount of cash in excess of the $5,000,001 of net tangible
assets we are required to have pursuant to our organizational documents available at the time of closing. If the number of our
public stockholders electing to exercise their conversion rights has the effect of reducing the amount of money available to us
to consummate an initial Business Combination below such minimum amount required by the target business and we are not able to
locate an alternative source of funding, we will not be able to consummate such initial Business Combination and we may not be
able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. In that case, public stockholders may have
to remain stockholders of our company and wait the full 24 months in order to be able to receive a portion of the Trust Account,
or attempt to sell their shares in the open market prior to such time, in which case they may receive less than they would have
in a liquidation of the Trust Account. 22 We will offer each public stockholder
the option to vote in favor of the proposed Business Combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its shares. In connection with any meeting held to
approve an initial Business Combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our sponsors, officers or directors) the
right to have his, her or its shares of common stock converted to cash regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against
such proposed Business Combination; provided that a stockholder must in fact vote for or against a proposed Business Combination
in order to have his, her or its shares of common stock converted to cash. If a stockholder fails to vote for or against a proposed
Business Combination, that stockholder would not be able to have his shares of common stock so converted. We will consummate our
initial Business Combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of
the Business Combination. Accordingly, public stockholders owning 4,099,999 shares of common stock sold in our Offering may exercise
their conversion rights and we could still consummate a proposed Business Combination so long as a majority of shares voted at
the meeting are voted in favor of the proposed Business Combination. This is different than other similarly structured blank check
companies where stockholders are offered the right to convert their shares only when they vote against a proposed Business Combination.
This threshold and the ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of a proposed Business Combination may make it more likely
that we will consummate our initial Business Combination. A public stockholder that fails
to vote either in favor of or against a proposed Business Combination will not be able to have his or her shares converted to cash. In order for a public stockholder to have
his or her shares converted to cash in connection with any proposed Business Combination, that public stockholder must vote either
in favor of or against a proposed Business Combination. If a public stockholder fails to vote in favor of or against a proposed
Business Combination, whether that stockholder abstains from the vote or simply does not vote, that stockholder would not be able
to have his or her shares of common stock so converted to cash in connection with such Business Combination. Public stockholders, together with
any affiliates of theirs or any other person with whom they are acting in concert or as a “group,” will be restricted
from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than 20% of the shares of common stock sold in our Offering. 23 In connection with any meeting held to
approve an initial Business Combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our insiders, officers or directors) the
right to have his, her, or its shares of common stock converted into cash. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of his or hers, or any other person with whom he or she is acting in concert or as a “group”
will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than 20% of the shares of common stock sold in our Offering.
Generally, in this context, a stockholder will be deemed to be acting in concert or as a group with another stockholder when such
stockholders agree to act together for the purpose of acquiring, voting, holding or disposing of our equity securities. Accordingly,
if you purchase more than 20% of the shares of common stock sold in our Offering and our proposed Business Combination is approved,
you will not be able to seek conversion rights with respect to the full amount of your shares and may be forced to hold such additional
shares of common stock or sell them in the open market. The value of such additional shares may not appreciate over time following
our initial Business Combination, and the market price of our shares of common stock may not exceed the per-share conversion price. We may require public stockholders
who wish to convert their shares of common stock in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements
for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising
their rights. In connection with any stockholder meeting
called to approve a proposed initial Business Combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he
or she is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, to demand that we convert his or her shares of common stock
into a share of the Trust Account. We may require public stockholders seeking to convert their shares, whether they are a record
holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver
their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
System, at the holder’s option, at least two business days prior to the vote on the initial Business Combination. In order
to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need
to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain
physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers
or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that
it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, this may not be the case. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we
are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a
public stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate
for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their
conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. 24 If we require public stockholders who wish to convert
their shares of common stock to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above for conversion, such converting stockholders
may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed Business Combination is not approved. If we require public stockholders who wish
to convert their shares of common stock to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above for conversion and such proposed
Business Combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly,
investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed
Business Combination until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline
during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek
conversion may be able to sell their securities. Because of our structure, other
companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive Business Combination. We expect to encounter intense competition
from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged
buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience in identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess
greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. Therefore, our ability to compete in consummating our initial Business Combination with
certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing a Business Combination with certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval
of our initial Business Combination may delay the consummation of a transaction. Additionally, our rights and warrants, and the
future dilution they represent (entitling the holders to receive shares of our common stock on exercise of the warrants or, with
respect to the rights, on consummation of our initial Business Combination), may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial Business Combination. Our ability to consummate an attractive
Business Combination may be impacted by the market for initial public offerings. Our efforts to identify a prospective target
business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although it is very likely that our target will be
a company or companies operating in or providing services to the insurance industry and will want to be a public reporting company.
If the market for initial public offerings is limited, we believe there will be a greater number of attractive target businesses
open to consummating an initial Business Combination with us as a means to achieve publicly held status. Alternatively, if the
market for initial public offerings is robust, we believe that there will be fewer attractive target businesses amenable to consummating
an initial Business Combination with us to become a public reporting company. Accordingly, during periods with strong public offering
markets, it may be more difficult for us to complete an initial Business Combination. 25 We may be unable to obtain additional
financing, if required, to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds
of our Offering will be sufficient to allow us to consummate a Business Combination, because we have not yet finalized any prospective
target business, the capital requirements for any particular transaction remain to be determined. If the net proceeds of our Offering
prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in
search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares of common stock, we will be
required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular Business Combination, we would be compelled to either
restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate.
In addition, if we consummate a Business Combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the
target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial Business Combination. Our insiders, officers and directors,
will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. Our insiders, officers
and directors, collectively own 22.7% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. None of our insiders, officers, directors
or their affiliates has indicated to us any intention to purchase shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions.
However, our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open
market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote. In connection with any vote
for a proposed Business Combination, our insiders, officers and directors have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned
by them immediately before our Offering as well as the private shares and any shares of common stock acquired in our Offering or
in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed Business Combination. Our board of directors is
divided into three classes, each of which serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected at
each annual meeting of stockholders. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new
directors prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will
continue in office until at least the consummation of the Business Combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise
your voting rights under corporate law for up to 24 months. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our
“staggered” board of directors, fewer than half of the board of directors will be considered for election and our
insiders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our
insiders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 26 We may not hold an annual meeting
of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are required to hold an annual meeting within one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of
stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent
in lieu of such a meeting. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to
the consummation of our initial Business Combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior
to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application
to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. If our security holders exercise
their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock and the existence of
these rights may make it more difficult to effect our initial Business Combination. Our insiders are entitled to make a demand
that we register the resale of the Insider Shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their shares may
be released from escrow. Additionally, the purchasers of the Private Units and $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants and our insiders,
officers, directors or their affiliates are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the Private Units and $15 Exercise
Price Sponsor Warrants (and underlying securities of each) and any shares our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates
may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us commencing on the date that we consummate our initial Business Combination.
The presence of these additional shares of common stock trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price
of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate our initial Business Combination
or increase the cost of consummating our initial Business Combination with the target business, as the stockholders of the target
business may be discouraged from entering into a Business Combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities
because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our shares of common stock. EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict
of interest in rendering services to us as our non-exclusive investment banker in connection with our initial Business Combination. We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an
investment banker to assist us with our initial Business Combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services
upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in the
Offering, less up to 30% of such fee that we may allocate to one or more other advisors that assist us in identifying or consummating
an initial Business Combination (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable). Additionally, EarlyBirdCapital
was issued unit purchase options in connection with our Offering. These financial interests may result in EarlyBirdCapital having
a conflict of interest when providing the services to us as our investment banker in connection with an initial Business Combination. 27 If we are deemed to be an investment
company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make
it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: • restrictions on the nature of our investments; and • restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us
certain burdensome requirements, including: • registration as an investment company; • adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and • reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure
requirements and other rules and regulations. In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily
in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S.
government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a Business Combination
and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets
with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated
principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only
be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the
trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments,
and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling
businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company”
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act.. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earlier
to occur of either: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a Business Combination; or (ii) absent a Business
Combination, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public
shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we
were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional
expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business Combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our public rights and public warrants will expire worthless. 28 The requirement that we complete
our initial Business Combination within 18 or 24 months from the closing of our Offering may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating our initial Business Combination. We have 18 months from the closing of our
offering (or 24 months from the closing of our offering if we have executed a letter of intent or definitive agreement for an initial
Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our Offering but have not completed the Business Combination within such
18-month period) to complete our initial Business Combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a Business Combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over
us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete a Business Combination with that particular target
business, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get
closer to the time limit referenced above. We may not obtain a fairness opinion
with respect to the target business that we seek to consummate our initial Business Combination with and therefore you may be relying
solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed Business Combination. We will only be required to obtain a fairness
opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to consummate our initial Business Combination with if it is an entity
that is affiliated with any of our insiders, officers or directors. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain
an opinion. Accordingly, investors may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed Business
Combination. We are not required to obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our Business Combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm that
the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will
be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. 29 Resources could be wasted in researching
business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our public rights and public warrants will expire
worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of
each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other
instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others.
If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete
our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a
loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our public rights and public warrants will expire worthless. Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an initial
Business Combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal control and may require that we
have such system of internal control audited. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we could be subject
to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or stockholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial
reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our independent registered public accounting
firm report on management’s evaluation of our system of internal control, although as an “emerging growth company”
as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of an exemption to this requirement. A target company may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal control. The development of the internal control
of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such initial Business Combination. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results
or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal control could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. We are an emerging growth company
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies
could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 30 The JOBS Act permits “emerging growth
companies” like us to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies. As long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we intend to omit the auditor’s
attestation on internal control over financial reporting that would otherwise be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as described
above. We also intend to take advantage of the exemption provided under the JOBS Act from the requirements to submit say-on-pay,
say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute votes to our stockholders and we will avail ourselves of reduced executive compensation
disclosure that is already available to smaller reporting companies. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting
standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth
company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. We have elected to take advantage of these benefits until we are no longer an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively
and irrevocably opt out of this exemption. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that
comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We will continue to be an emerging growth
company until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we had total annual gross revenues of at
least $1 billion (as indexed for inflation), (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of
the first public sale of Units, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion
in non-convertible debt, or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer,” as defined under
the Exchange Act. Until such time that we lose “emerging
growth company” status, it is unclear if investors will find our securities less attractive because we may rely on these
exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our
securities and our stock prices may be more volatile and could cause our stock prices to decline. If we effect our initial Business
Combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may
negatively impact our operations. We may effect our initial Business Combination
with a company located outside of the United States. If we did, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following: • rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; • tariffs and trade barriers; • regulations related to customs and import/export matters; • longer payment cycles; 31 • tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; • currency fluctuations and exchange controls; • challenges in collecting accounts receivable; • cultural and language differences; • employment regulations; • crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and • deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address
these additional risks. If we are unable to do so, our operations may suffer. If we effect our initial Business
Combination with a target business located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such target business will likely
govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect our initial Business Combination
with a target business located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such target business is domiciled
will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. The target business may not be able to enforce any
of its material agreements in such jurisdiction and appropriate remedies to enforce its rights under such material agreements may
not be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not
be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any
of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we
consummate our initial Business Combination with a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially
all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of
the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect
service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities
and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. Provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might
be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their
best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 32 We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal
of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for
our securities. Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international
financial reporting standards, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination with
some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a
proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or
international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may
be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or
PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may consummate our initial Business
Combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. Changes in laws or regulations,
or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations
enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly.
Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have
a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable
laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties We currently maintain our principal executive
offices at 150 Pierce Road, 6th Floor, Itasca, IL 60143. The cost for this space is included in the $10,000 per-month fee 1347
Capital LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, charges us for general and administrative services pursuant to a letter agreement between
us and 1347 Capital LLC. We believe that the fee charged by 1347 Capital LLC is at least as favorable as we could have obtained
from an unaffiliated person. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to
our executive officers, adequate for our current operations. 33 Item 3. Legal Proceedings None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our Units, common stock, warrants and rights
are traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols TFSCU, TFSC, TFSCW and TFSCR, respectively. The following table sets
forth the high and low sales prices for our units, common stock, warrants and rights for the periods indicated since our Units
began public trading on July 16, 2014 and our common stock, warrant and rights began public trading on August 7, 2014. Units (TFSCU) Common Stock (TFSC) Warrants (TFSCW) Rights (TFSCR) High Low High Low High Low High Low Fiscal 2014 Third Quarter $ 10.52 $ 9.91 $ 9.80 $ 9.42 $ 0.30 $ 0.23 $ 0.70 $ 0.32 Fourth Quarter $ 10.10 $ 10.00 $ 9.65 $ 9.35 $ 0.25 $ 0.20 $ 0.45 $ 0.32 Holders As of February 12, 2015, we have
two holders of record of our units and common stock, and one holder of record of each of our rights and warrants. As of
February 12, 2015, we have approximately 98,102, 85 and 77 beneficial owners of our units, common stock, rights and warrants,
respectively. 34 Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on
our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The
payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general
financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to our
initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention
of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors
does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating
and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection
with our initial Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to
in connection therewith. Use of Proceeds From The Offering and Private Placement The Company consummated the Offering
of 4,000,000 Units on July 21, 2014 generating gross proceeds of $40,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the
Offering, we also consummated a private placement of 180,000 Private Units at $10 per unit and 600,000 $15 Exercise Price
Sponsor Warrants at $0.50 per warrant generating additional gross proceeds of $2,100,000. On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional 600,000 Units subject to such over-allotment option.
The Units issued pursuant to the over-allotment option were sold at the Offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $6,000,000. In a private sale that took place simultaneously with the consummation of the exercise of the over-allotment option,
the sponsor purchased an additional 18,000 Private Units at $10.00 per unit. Subject to the foregoing, our management
has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Offering and the private placement, although
substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be generally applied toward consummating our initial Business Combination.
To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect a Business Combination, the remaining
proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended is expected to be used as working capital to
finance the operations of the target business. Repurchases of Equity Securities During 2014, we did not repurchase
any of our equity securities. Item 6. Selected Financial Data We are a smaller reporting company as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act; therefore, pursuant to Item 301c of Regulation S-K, we are not required to provide the
information required by this Item. 35 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Overview We are a blank check company in the development
stage, formed on April 15, 2014 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more target businesses. Our efforts to identify a prospective
target business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although we intend to focus on target businesses
operating in or providing services to the insurance industry. At December 31, 2014, the Company had not yet commenced any operations
nor generated any revenues to date. All activity through December 31, 2014 relates to the Company’s formation, its Offering,
general corporate matters, and identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates. The Company consummated the Offering
of 4,000,000 Units on July 21, 2014 generating gross proceeds of $40,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the
Offering, we also consummated a private placement of 180,000 Private Units at $10 per unit and 600,000 $15 Exercise Price
Sponsor Warrants at $0.50 per warrant generating additional gross proceeds of $2,100,000. On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional 600,000 Units subject to such over-allotment option.
The Units issued pursuant to the over-allotment option were sold at the Offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $6,000,000. In a private sale that took place simultaneously with the consummation of the exercise of the over-allotment option,
the sponsor purchased an additional 18,000 Private Units at $10.00 per unit. We intend to utilize the cash derived from
the proceeds of the Offering and the private placement of the Private Units and $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants, our securities,
debt or a combination of cash, securities and debt, in effecting our initial Business Combination. The issuance of additional shares
of common stock or preferred stock in our initial Business Combination: · may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors in the Offering who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issuance; · may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; · will likely cause a change in control if a substantial number of our shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and most likely will also result in the resignation or removal of some or all of our present officers and directors; and · may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our securities. 36 Similarly, if we issue debt securities,
it could result in: · default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial Business Combination are insufficient to pay our debt obligations; · acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we have made all principal and interest payments when due if the debt security contains covenants that required the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves and we breach any such covenant without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; · our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; · our inability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain additional financing while such security is outstanding; and · limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. Results of Operations Our activity since inception
up to the closing of our Offering on July 21, 2014 was in preparation for that event. Since the Offering, our activity has
been limited to the evaluation of the Business Combination candidates, and we will not be generating any operating revenue
until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination. We have generated a small amount of non-operating
income in the form of interest income ($8,549) on the funds invested in the Trust Account. Interest income is not expected to be
significant in view of current low interest rates on risk-free investments (treasury securities). Our expenses have increased
as a result of being a public company (for financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance). We expect to incur
increased expenses in the future as we pursue a Business Combination. For the period from April 15, 2014 (inception) until
December 31, 2014, we incurred a net loss of $189,755, which consists primarily of $55,000 of expenses pertaining to office
and administrative services provided to us by 1347 Capital LLC, $34,941 for legal and professional services, $31,247 for
D&O insurance, $30,143 of audit and review expenses, and other general and administrative expenses. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our cash balance as of December 31,
2014 was $397,387. Our liquidity needs have been satisfied to date through receipt of $25,000 from the sale of the Insider
Shares, as described in Note 1 to the Financial Statements, a loan from our sponsor in an aggregate amount of $125,000 that
is more fully described below, and funds raised in the Offering and private placement of securities that are not required to
be held in trust. We incurred approximately $1,800,000 in Offering related costs, including a $1,380,000 underwriting discount
paid to underwriters. 37 We intend to use substantially all of the
net proceeds of the Offering, including the funds held in the Trust Account, in connection with our initial Business Combination
and to pay our expenses relating thereto. The expenses include a fee payable to EarlyBirdCapital in an amount equal to 3.5% of
the total gross proceeds raised in the Offering upon consummation of our initial Business Combination for acting as our investment
banker on a non-exclusive basis to assist us in structuring and negotiating a business combination (but not for the purpose of
identifying a target business), less up to 30% of such fee that we may allocate to one or more other advisors that assist us in
identifying or consummating an initial Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock is used in whole or in part as
consideration to effect our initial Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other
net proceeds not expended is expected to be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working
capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business’ operations, for strategic
acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any
operating expenses or finders’ fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination if
the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. We believe that our cash balance as of
December 31, 2014 not held in the Trust Account and the interest earned on the Trust Account balance (net of income, and other
tax obligations) that may be released to us to fund our working capital requirements which we anticipate will be approximately
$50,000, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months, assuming that a Business Combination is not
consummated during that time. Over this time period, we will be using these funds for identifying and evaluating prospective Business
Combination candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices,
plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective
target businesses, selecting the target business to consummate our initial Business Combination with and structuring, negotiating
and consummating the Business Combination. Besides the costs already paid for, we anticipate that we will pay additional approximately: · $150,000 of expenses for the search for target businesses and for the legal, and other third-party expenses attendant to the due diligence investigations, structuring and negotiating of our initial Business Combination; · $79,500 of expenses relating to audit, review and our SEC reporting obligations; · $155,000 for the payment of the administrative fee to 1347 Capital LLC (of $10,000 per month for up to 15 months), subject to Company’s assessment of its working capital requirements and Audit Committee approval; · $40,000 for the payment of 2015 annual listing fee to NASDAQ; · $29,000 for general working capital that will be used for miscellaneous expenses, liquidation obligations and reserves. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking
due diligence and negotiating our initial Business Combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount
of interest available to us from the Trust Account is less than we expect as a result of the current interest rate environment,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need
to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial Business Combination or because we become obligated to convert
a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional
securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we
would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Following our initial
Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 38 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments
and Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2014, we did not have
any off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or
long-term liabilities other than an agreement to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of $10,000 per month for office space,
utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Critical Accounting Policies & Estimates The preparation of financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and
income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified
the following as our critical accounting policies: Development Stage Company The Company is considered to be a development
stage company and, as such, the Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) topic 915 “Development Stage Entities.” The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with
activities of development stage companies. Loss per Share Loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock
subject to possible redemption. The Company did not take into account the outstanding dilutive securities in calculating the loss
per share because it reported net loss for the period. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per
common share for the period. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,”
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet given their short-term nature. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments
with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances that at times
may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. At December 31, 2014, the Company’s
cash was held at one financial institution. 39 Investment Held in Trust At December 31, 2014, the assets in the
Trust Account were valued at $46,008,549, of which $45,998,081 was invested in United States Treasury Bills and $10,467 held as
cash. Common Stock Subject to Possible Conversion The Company accounts for its common stock
subject to possible conversion in accordance with ASC 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject
to mandatory conversion (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally convertible
common stock (including common stock that features conversion rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to conversion upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features
certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly at December 31, 2014, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary
equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet. Although the Company did not specify a
maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause
its net tangible assets (stockholders’ equity) to be less than $5,000,001. The Company recognizes changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of
each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by charges against
retained earnings. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, 4,099,999
of the 4,600,000 public shares were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes
(“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of
differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to
be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when
it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and
measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure and transition. Based on the Company’s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain
tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s financial statements. The Company believes that its income tax positions
and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its
financial position. 40 The Company’s policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts
accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2014. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could
result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2014 The Financial Accounting Standards
Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 to eliminate certain financial reporting requirements that have historically
applied to development stage entities. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2014 and interim periods therein. The Company is considering the potential impact of this new standard
on its financial statements, which is not expected to be material. Related Party Transactions As of April 17, 2014, our sponsor loaned
an aggregate of $125,000 to us, on a non-interest bearing basis, for payment of Offering expenses on our behalf. The terms of this
loan were amended and restated as of April 18, 2014. The loan is payable without interest no later than the date on which our initial
Business Combination is consummated. We are obligated, commencing on the date
of the Offering, to pay 1347 Capital LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, a monthly fee of $10,000 for general and administrative
services. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our
audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our
initial Business Combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due and payable no later than the date
of the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our insiders (and/or their designees) purchased
an aggregate of 180,000 Private Units at $10.00 per Private Unit and 600,000 $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants at a price of
$0.50 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $2,100,000) from us. These purchases took place on a private placement basis simultaneously
with the consummation of the Offering on July 21, 2014. Our insiders have also purchased from us at a price of $10.00 per unit
an additional 18,000 Private Units for a total purchase price of $180,000 simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment
option by the underwriters. 41 We do not believe we will need to raise
additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but
are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, we may
use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust
Account would be used for such repayment. Such loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes would either be paid upon
consummation of our initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000 of the
notes may be converted upon consummation of our Business Combination into additional Private Units at a price of $10.00 per unit.
If we do not complete a business combination, the $125,000 loan from our sponsor, and any other outstanding loans from our insiders,
officers and directors or their affiliates, will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside our Trust Account, if any. We believe
the purchase price of these units will approximate the fair value of such units when issued. However, if it is determined that,
at the time of issuance, the fair value of such units exceeds the purchase price, we would record compensation expense for the
excess of the fair value of the units on the day of issuance over the purchase price in accordance with ASC 718 – Compensation
– Stock Compensation. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk As of December 31, 2014, we are not subject
to any market or interest rate risk. The net proceeds of the Offering and the sale of the Private Units held in the Trust Account
are invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Due to the short-term
nature of these investments, we believe there is no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data 42 1347 CAPITAL CORP. (A Corporation in the Development Stage) Index to Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 44 Financial Statements: Balance Sheet 45 Statement of Operations 46 Statement of Changes in Stockholders ‘Equity 47 Statement of Cash Flows 49 Notes to Financial Statements 49-56 43 Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Board
of Directors and Stockholders 1347
Capital Corp. Itasca,
Illinois We
have audited the accompanying balance sheet of 1347 Capital Corp. as of December 31, 2014, and the related statements of operations,
changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the period from inception April 15, 2014 to December 31, 2014. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audit. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements and schedules. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of 1347
Capital Corp. at December 31, 2014, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the period from inception April 15,
2014 to December 31, 2014 , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. \s\
BDO USA, LLP Grand
Rapids, Michigan March 10, 2015 44 1347 Capital Corp. (A Corporation
in the Development Stage) Condensed Balance Sheet December
31, 2014 ASSETS Current assets Cash $ 397,387 Prepaid expenses $ 72,479 Total assets $ 469,866 Cash and investments held in trust account $ 46,008,549 Total Assets $ 46,478,415 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable & accrued expenses $ 69,854 Note payable to stockholder 125,000 Total liabilities $ 194,854 Common Stock subject to possible redemption; 4,099,999 shares at approximately $10 per share 40,999,990 Stockholders’ equity Preferred stock, $.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding - Common stock, $.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 1,848,001 issued and outstanding 185 Additional paid-in capital 5,473,141 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (189,755 ) Total stockholders’ equity 5,283,571 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 46,478,415 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part
of these Financial Statements 45 1347 Capital Corp. (A Corporation
in the Development Stage) Statement of Operations For the
period from April 15, 2014 (inception) to December 31,2014 Revenues $ - Formation costs 565 General and administrative costs 197,739 Operating loss (198,304 ) Other income: Interest income 8,549 Net loss (189,755 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 1,579,640 Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.12 ) The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part
of these Financial Statements 46 1347 Capital Corp. (A Corporation
in the Development Stage) Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders’
Equity For the
period from April 15, 2014 (inception) to December 31, 2014 Deficit Accumulated Common Common Additional During the Stock Stock Paid-in Development Stockholders' Shares Amount Capital Stage Equity Balance at April 15, 2014 - $ - $ - $ - $ - Common shares issued to initial stockholders on April 17, 2014 1,150,000 115 24,885 - 25,000 Sale of 4,600,000 units at $10 per unit in IPO, including over-allotment, net of underwriters' discount and offering expenses 4,600,000 460 44,167,756 - 44,168,216 Sale of 198,000 units at $10 per unit in private placement, including over-allotment 198,000 20 1,979,980 - 1,980,000 Sale of 600,000 $15 exercise price warrants at $0.5 per warrant in private placement - - 300,000 300,000 Issuance of underwritter purchase option - - 100 - 100 Common shares subject to possible redemption (4,099,999 ) (410 ) (40,999,580 ) (40,999,990 ) Net loss - - - (189,755 ) (189,755 ) Balance at December 31, 2014 1,848,001 $ 185 $ 5,473,141 $ (189,755 ) $ 5,283,571 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part
of these Financial Statements 47 1347 Capital Corp. (A Corporation
in the Development Stage) Statement of Cash Flows For the
period from April 15, 2014 (inception) to December 31,2014 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities Net loss $ (189,755 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable 69,854 Prepaid assets (72,479 ) Net cash used in operating activities (192,380 ) Cash flows used in investing activities Investment in restricted cash and investments $ (46,008,549 ) Net cash used in investing activities (46,008,549 ) Cash flows provided by financing activities Proceeds from sale of shares of common stock to initial stockholder 25,000 Proceeds from note payable - stockholder 125,000 Proceeds from sale of units in IPO, including over-allotment, net of offering costs 44,168,216 Proceeds from private placement of units, including over-allotment 1,980,000 Proceeds from private placement of $15 exercise price warrants 300,000 Proceeds from sale of underwritter purchase option 100 Deferred costs associated with initial public offering - Net Cash provided by financing activities 46,598,316 Net increase in cash 397,387 Cash at beginning of period - Cash at end of period $ 397,387 The Accompanying Notes are an Integral Part
of these Financial Statements 48 Note 1 — Organization and Plan of Business Operations 1347 Capital Corp. (“1347 Capital”
or the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on April 15, 2014 as a blank check company whose objective is to acquire,
through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business
combination, one or more operating businesses (a “Business Combination”). At December 31, 2014, the Company had not
yet commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2014 relates to the Company’s formation and the Offering
described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year-end. The Company is considered to be a development
stage company and, as such, the Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) topic 915 “Development Stage Entities.” The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with
activities of development stage companies. The registration statement for the Company’s
initial public offering (the “Offering”) was declared effective on July 15, 2014. The Company consummated the Offering
of 4,000,000 units (“Units”) on July 21, 2014 generating gross proceeds of $40,000,000. The Company granted the representative
of the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 600,000 Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any. Simultaneously with
the closing of the Offering, 1347 Capital also consummated a private placement of 180,000 units (“Private Units,”)
at $10 per unit and 600,000 warrants, or “$15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants” at $0.50 per warrant generating gross
proceeds of $2,100,000. In April 2014, Company’s insiders purchased an aggregate of 1,150,000 shares of common stock (the
“Insider Shares),” for an aggregate purchase price of $25,000, or approximately $0.02 per share. On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional 600,000 Units subject to such over-allotment option.
The Units issued pursuant to the over-allotment option were sold at the Offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of $6,000,000. In a private sale that took place simultaneously with the consummation of the exercise of the over-allotment option,
the sponsor purchased an additional 18,000 Private Units at $10.00 per unit. All of the proceeds received from
the Offering and sale of Private Units have been placed in the trust account (“Trust Account”) after paying for
certain expenses and working capital requirements of the Company, such that at least approximately $10.00 per Unit sold in
the Offering is held in trust until the earlier of (i) the
consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination and (ii) the Company’s failure to consummate a
Business Combination within the prescribed time. After deducting the Offering expenses, the remaining net proceeds (not held
in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and
continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally, the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be
released to the Company to fund working capital requirements as well as for any amounts that are necessary to pay the
Company’s tax obligations. 49 In connection with any proposed Business
Combination, the Company will seek stockholder approval of an initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose
at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination.
The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for the acquisition of a target business, is required to provide stockholders
who acquired common shares in the Offering (“Public Stockholders”) with the opportunity to convert their common shares
for a pro rata share of the Trust Account, however, there will be a mechanism to prevent a Public Stockholder from voting, or seeking
conversion for more than 20% of the shares sold in the Offering. The insiders shall not be entitled to seek conversion with respect
to any Insider Shares nor with respect to any shares of common stock purchased by them in the Offering or in the aftermarket. If the Company is unable to
complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months from the date of the Offering (or 24 months from the date of the
Offering if the Company has executed a letter of intent or definitive agreement for a Business Combination within 18
months from the date of the Offering but has not completed such Business Combination within the 18 month period), the Company
will liquidate and dissolve and distribute its assets in the Trust Account to the Public Stockholders. In such case, each
Public Stockholder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company for working capital purposes or to
pay any of its taxes. The holders of Insider Shares and Private Units will not participate in any redemption distribution
with respect to their Insider Shares and Private Units, including the common stock included in the Private Units. If the Company is unable to conclude its
initial Business Combination and expends all of the net proceeds of the Offering not deposited in the Trust Account, without taking
into account any interest earned on the Trust Account, the Company expects that the per-share redemption price for common stock
will be approximately $10.00. The placement of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against
the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors and service providers engaged and prospective target businesses
the Company negotiate with execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the Trust Account for the benefit of Company’s Public Stockholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore,
even if such entities execute such agreements with the Company, they may seek recourse against the Trust Account. A court may not
uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to claims which could
take priority over those of the Public Stockholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may be less than approximately
$10.00 Emerging Growth Company Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts
emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
(that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities
registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act
provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging
growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition
period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies,
1347 Capital Corp., as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the
new or revised standard. This may make comparison of Company’s financial statements with another public company which is
neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult
or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 50 Note 2 — Significant Accounting
Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements of
the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Development Stage Company The Company is considered to be a development
stage company and, as such, the Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification
(“ASC”) topic 915 “Development Stage Entities.” The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with
activities of development stage companies. Loss per Share Loss per share is computed by dividing
net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock
subject to possible redemption. The Company did not take into account the outstanding dilutive securities in calculating the loss
per share because it reported net loss for the period. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per
common share for the period. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets
and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,”
approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet given their short-term nature. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. 51 Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments
with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances that at times
may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. The Company maintains its cash
deposits with major financial institutions. Securities held in Trust Account At December 31, 2014, the assets in the
Trust Account were valued at $46,008,549, of which $45,998,082 was invested in United States Treasury Bills and $10,467 held as
cash. Common Stock Subject to Possible Conversion The Company accounts for its common stock
subject to possible conversion in accordance with ASC 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject
to mandatory conversion (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally convertible
common stock (including common stock that features conversion rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject
to conversion upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary
equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features
certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence
of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as
temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet. Although the Company did not specify a
maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause
its net tangible assets (stockholders’ equity) to be less than $5,000,001. The Company recognizes changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of
each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by charges against
retained earnings. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, 4,099,999
of the 4,600,000 public shares were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under
ASC 740 Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both
the expected impact of differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected
future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance
to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. 52 ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for
uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and
measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax
return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing
authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure and transition. Based on the Company’s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain
tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s financial statements. The Company believes that its income tax positions
and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its
financial position. The Company’s policy for recording
interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts
accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2014. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could
result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2014 The Financial Accounting Standards
Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 to eliminate certain financial reporting requirements that have historically
applied to development stage entities. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods
beginning after December 15, 2014 and interim periods therein. The Company is considering the potential impact of this new standard
on its financial statements, which is not expected to be material. Note 3 — The Offering The Company consummated the Offering of
4,000,000 Units on July 21, 2014. Each Unit was offered at a price of $10.00 and consists of one share of common stock, one right
to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock automatically on the consummation of a Business Combination and one warrant.
Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at a price of $11.50 per full share,
subject to certain adjustments. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business
Combination and 12 months from the closing of the Offering, and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company also granted EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative of the underwriters
(the “Representative”), a 45-day option to purchase up to 600,000 Units (over and above the 4,000,000 Units referred
to above) solely to cover over-allotments, if any. On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full
and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional 600,000 Units subject to such over-allotment option. The Units issued pursuant to
the over-allotment option were sold at the Offering price of $10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $6,000,000. 53 If the Company is unable to consummate
a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering, or 24 months from the closing of the Offering if the
Company has entered into a letter of intent or definitive agreement with a target business for a Business Combination within 18
months from the closing of the Offering and such Business Combination has not yet been consummated within such 18-month period,
it will redeem 100% of the shares held by Public Stockholders using the funds in the Trust Account described above. In such event,
the rights and warrants held by Public Stockholders will expire and be worthless. The Company paid the underwriters in the
Offering an underwriting discount of 3% ($1,200,000) of the gross proceeds of the Offering. An additional 3% underwriting discount
of $180,000 was paid to underwriters for the proceeds generated upon exercise of the over-allotment option. On July 21, 2014 simultaneously
with the completion of the Offering, the Company also issued a unit purchase option (“UPO”), for $100, to the Representative
or its designees to purchase up to a total of 300,000 Units. The UPO will be exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, during
the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the Offering registration statement and closing
of Business Combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the Offering registration statement at
a price per Unit equal to $10. The UPO may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis. The Company estimates that the fair value
of the UPO is approximately $819,111 (or approximately $2.73 per unit) using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value
of the UPO is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 30%, (2) risk-free
interest rate of 1.50% and (3) expected life of five years. Simultaneously with the closing of the
Offering, the Company has also consummated a private placement of 180,000 Private Units at $10 per unit and 600,000 $15 Exercise
Price Sponsor Warrants at $0.50 per warrant generating gross proceeds of $2,100,000. In a private sale that took place simultaneously
with the consummation of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the sponsor purchased an additional 18,000 Private Units at
$10.00 per unit generating additional proceeds of $180,000 Note 4 —
Offering Costs Offering costs consist principally of legal,
accounting and underwriting costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Offering. Offering costs
amounting to $1,831,784 (including $1,380,000 in underwriters fees) were charged to stockholders’ equity upon completion
of the Offering. Note 5 — Note Payable to Stockholder The Company issued a $125,000 principal
amount unsecured promissory note to 1347 Investors LLC, the sponsor and holder of Insider Shares, on April 18, 2014. The note is
non-interest bearing and payable no later than the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Due to the short-term
nature of the note, the fair value of the note approximates the carrying amount. 54 Note 6 — Commitments The Company has engaged the Representative
to act as its advisor in connection with its initial Business Combination to provide it with assistance in negotiating and structuring
the terms of its initial Business Combination. The Company will pay the Representative a cash fee equal to 3.5% of the total gross
proceeds raised in the Offering or $1,610,000 for such services upon the consummation of its initial Business Combination, exclusive
of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable, less up to 30% of such fee that the Company may allocate to one
or more other advisors that assist it in identifying or consummating an initial Business Combination. In April 2014, Company’s insiders
purchased an aggregate of 1,150,000 Insider Shares. The Insider Shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in
the units sold in the Offering. However, Company’s insiders have agreed (A) to vote their Insider Shares and any public shares
acquired in or after the Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment
to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of Company’s
obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable), unless it provides Public Stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to pay franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not
to convert any shares (including the Insider Shares) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a
stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the certificate of incorporation
relating to the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Shareholders if the
Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as
applicable) and (D) that the Insider Shares shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the
Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, the Insiders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any of the Insider Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50% of the Insider Shares, the earlier
of one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of Company’s
common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation
of the initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50% of the Insider Shares, one year after the date of the
consummation of the initial Business Combination. 55 The Private Units issued in the private
placement described above are identical to the Units sold in the offering. However, the holders of Private Units have agreed (A)
to vote their common shares included in the Private Units and any public shares acquired in or after the Offering in favor of any
proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to Company’s certificate of incorporation
that would affect the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Stockholders
if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months,
as applicable), unless the Company provides its Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay franchise and
income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not to convert any shares (including the common shares
in the Private Units) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve the
proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of Company’s certificate of incorporation relating
to the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company
does not complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable)
and (D) that the common shares included in the Private Units shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the
funds held in the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, insiders (and/or their designees) have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees
as the Insider Shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the
Insider Shares must agree to) until the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company presently occupies office space
provided by an affiliate of the Company’s sponsor. Such affiliate has agreed that until the Company consummates a Business
Combination, they will make such office space, as well as certain office and secretarial services, available to the Company as
may be required by the Company from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay an aggregate of $10,000 per month for such services
commencing on the effective date of the Offering subject to Company’s assessment of its working capital requirements. Note 7 — Stockholder Equity Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000
shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined
from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of December 31, 2014 there are no shares of preferred stock issued
or outstanding. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000
shares of common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2014, 5,948,000 shares of common stock were issued
and outstanding, including 4,600,000 shares of common stock underlying the Units issued in the Offering, 198,000 shares of common
stock issued in the private placement, and 1,150,000 Insider Shares issued by the Company to insiders in April 2014. Of the total
5,948,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, 4,099,999 shares of common stock were classified outside of permanent
equity as common stock subject to possible redemption. See Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies for detailed discussion. Note 8 — Subsequent Events On February 6, 2015, 1347
Investors LLC, our sponsor, transferred 10,000 shares of common stock to each director and special advisor of 1347 Capital
Corp. for a purchase price of $0.0217391 per share. 56 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014, as such
term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer
and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized,
and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing
similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial
Reporting This Annual Report does not include a report
of management’s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of the company’s
registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for
newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal year of 2014 covered by this Annual Report that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 57 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls A control system, no matter how well conceived
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud,
error or omission, if any, within a company have been detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over
financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. Item 9B. Other Information None. Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: Name Age Position Gordon G. Pratt 52 President and Chief Executive Officer and Director Hassan R. Baqar 37 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary and Director Larry G. Swets, Jr. 40 Director John T. Fitzgerald 43 Independent Director Joshua Horowitz 37 Independent Director Leo Christopher Saenger III 47 Independent Director Thomas D. Sargent 56 Independent Director Gordon G. Pratt has served
as our president and chief executive officer and director since April 2014 and as vice chairman of our board of directors since
July 2014. Since March 2004, Mr. Pratt has been Managing Member of FMG, a private holding company. From June 2004 to April 2006,
he served as the Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of the Willis Group in New York and London. Prior to the Willis Group,
he was an equity holder and Managing Director of Hales Capital Advisors LLC (1999 to 2004) and the Managing Partner of Distribution
Partners Investment Capital L.P., a private equity fund focused on the insurance industry (1999 to 2010). Mr. Pratt was appointed
to the board of directors of Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: AFH), or Atlas, in December 2010, and, since January 2011,
has served as chairman of the board of directors of Atlas (and on the audit and compensation committees). In addition, Mr. Pratt
was appointed to the board of directors of 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ: PIH), or PIH, in December 2013 and has
served as the chairman of PIH’s board and a member of its audit committee since his appointment. He previously served as
Vice Chairman of the board of United Insurance Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: UIHC) (from September 2008 to March 2012) and as Vice Chairman
of the board of privately-held Avalon Risk Management Insurance Agency LLC (from October 2009 to September 2012). Mr. Pratt also
served as a member of the board of directors of United Property & Casualty Insurance Company (from September 2008 to March
2012) and as Chairman of the boards of directors for FMG Acquisition Corp. (OTC: FMGQ) (from May 2007 to September 2008) and of
privately-held Risk Enterprise Management Limited (from November 2007 to May 2012). Before joining Hales, Mr. Pratt was a Senior
Vice President and a member of the management committee of Conning & Company (1992 to 1999), where he helped to raise and invest
capital for three Conning Private Equity funds. He began his career at The Chase Manhattan Bank, N.A. in New York. Mr. Pratt obtained
a bachelor’s degree from Cornell University and a Master of Management degree from Northwestern University. We believe Mr.
Pratt’s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include more than 25 years’ experience in insurance company
financial statement analysis and assessment and his experience serving as chairman or vice chairman on the boards of directors
of other publicly-traded and privately held insurance enterprises. 58 Hassan R. Baqar has served
as our chief financial officer and secretary since April 2014 and as a director since July 2014. Since January 2011, Mr. Baqar
has served as the Vice President of Kingsway America Inc., which is a subsidiary of Kingsway and as Vice President of Kingsway
since January 2014. By virtue of a management services agreement between 1347 Advisors LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Kingsway,
and United Insurance Management, L.C., he has also served as the Chief Financial Officer of United Insurance Holdings Corp, a publicly-held
property and casualty insurance holding company. Before joining Kingsway America Inc., Mr. Baqar was appointed Secretary of Kingsway
America II Inc. in December 2009 and Director of Finance of KFS Capital LLC in January 2010. Prior to joining the Kingsway team,
Mr. Baqar served as the Director of Finance of Itasca Financial LLC, an advisory and investment firm specializing in the insurance
industry, from April 2008 to December 2009. His previous experience includes positions held at Kemper Insurance Companies, a diversified
mutual property-casualty insurance provider, from June 2000 to April 2008, where he most recently served as a senior analyst. Mr.
Baqar has served as a member of the board of directors of 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. since October 2012 and has been
a member of the board of directors of Maison Insurance Company and Maison Managers Inc. since October 2012. Mr. Baqar obtained
a bachelor’s degree in Accounting and Business Administration from Monmouth College and a Master of Business Administration
from Northeastern Illinois University. He also holds a Certified Public Accountant designation. We believe Mr. Baqar’s qualifications
to serve on our board of directors include his approximately five years of experience as a finance executive in the insurance industry. Larry G. Swets, Jr. has served
as a member of our board of directors since April 2014 and as chairman of our board of directors since July, 2014. Since July 2010,
Mr. Swets has served as the President and Chief Executive Officer and, since September 2013, as a member of the board of directors,
of Kingsway. Prior to that, Mr. Swets served as Executive Vice President of Corporate Development for Kingsway from January 2010
to July 2010. Before joining Kingsway, in 2005, Mr. Swets founded Itasca Financial LLC, an advisory and investment firm specializing
in the insurance industry from which Mr. Swets separated in December 2009. Prior to his work at Itasca Financial LLC, Mr. Swets
served as an insurance company executive and advisor, including the role of Director of Investments and Fixed Income Portfolio
Manager for Kemper Insurance (from June 1997 to May 2005). At Kemper Insurance, he also evaluated business units, executed corporate
transactions and divestitures, and developed financial projections and analysis for the company during its runoff stage. Mr. Swets
began his career in insurance as an intern in the Kemper Scholar program in 1994. Mr. Swets is a member of the board of directors
of Kingsway and Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. He is currently a member of the Young Presidents’ Organization. Mr. Swets
has served as a member of the board of directors of 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. since November 2013. Previously, he
served as a member of the board of directors of United Insurance Holdings Corp. from 2008 to March 2012 and Risk Enterprise Management
Ltd from November 2007 and May 2012. Mr. Swets obtained a bachelor’s degree from Valparaiso University and a Master’s
degree in finance from DePaul University. He also holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation. We believe Mr. Swet’s
qualifications to serve on our board of directors includes his more than ten years of executive management and leadership experience
in the insurance industry. 59 John T. Fitzgerald has served
on our board of directors since July 2014. Since June 2002, Mr. Fitzgerald has served as managing partner of Argo Management Partners,
or Argo, a private equity investment firm. In that capacity, Mr. Fitzgerald has had significant transactional and operating experience
in Argo’s acquired companies, which include consumer products manufacturing, marketing and distribution operations. Since
January 2006, Mr. Fitzgerald has also served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Hunter MFG, LLP, a manufacturer and distributor
of sports-licensed consumer products. Mr. Fitzgerald has served as a member of the board of directors of Atlas since May 2, 2013
and is a member of Atlas’s audit, compensation, and corporate governance and nominating committees. Since October 2011, Mr.
Fitzgerald has also served as the Chairman of Oak Patch Gifts, LLC, a private gift and jewelry manufacturer. Mr. Fitzgerald has
also served as a member of the Board of Progressive Bronze Products, LLC, a private manufacturer of metal goods, since December
2008. Mr. Fitzgerald is an MBA graduate of the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University, with concentrations in Finance,
Accounting, and Strategy. He also holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from DePaul University. We believe Mr. Fitzgerald’s
qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his transactional and operating experience in Argo’s acquired companies,
his experience serving on the boards of public and private companies, and his executive management experience with Hunter MFG,
LLP. Joshua Horowitz has served
on our board of directors since July 2014. Since January 2012, Mr. Horowitz has served as managing director of Palm Ventures LLC,
a family office private investment firm. Palm Ventures LLC and its affiliates invest in a wide range of public and private companies.
From October 2011 to December 2011, Mr. Horowitz worked as an independent consultant. From September 2010 to September 2011, Mr.
Horowitz served as Director of Research of Inverlochy Capital Ltd., a private asset management company. From April 2009 to April
2010, Mr. Horowitz served as managing director of Sapinda GmbH, a private investment holding company. From March 2004 to October
2008, Mr. Horowitz served as Director of Research for Berggruen Holdings, Inc., a family office with over $2 billion in assets
under management globally. In these positions, Mr. Horowitz has analyzed and managed investments in hundreds of companies, with
an emphasis on insurance and financial firms. Mr. Horowitz is a director of Lincoln General Insurance Company, a private insurance
company, and Democracy at Work, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. Mr. Horowitz obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Management
from Binghamton University. We believe Mr. Horowitz’s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his executive
management experience with Palm Ventures LLC, his experience with the analysis and management of investments in companies in the
insurance sector, and his service on the board of a private insurance company. 60 Leo Christopher Saenger III has served on our board of directors since July 2014. Mr. Saenger is the President of Reliant Star Capital, Inc., which he founded
in February 2005 to focus on small and middle market private equity transactions. Based in New York, Reliant Star Capital, Inc.
has consummated investments in industries ranging from computer peripherals to healthcare products and energy distribution. Prior
to starting Reliant Star Capital, Inc., Mr. Saenger was a Partner at One Equity Partners, or OEP, a $5 billion private equity fund
of J.P. Morgan, where he led investments in a variety of industries including healthcare, business services, aviation services
and specialty insurance and oversaw dozens of acquisitions and add-on acquisitions for portfolio companies. During his approximately
10 years with OEP, Mr. Saenger took a leave of absence from April 2000 to February 2001 to work directly under Jamie Dimon, who
was the newly-appointed CEO of Bank One, prior to its acquisition by JP Morgan Chase. At Bank One, Mr. Saenger led a five person
“skunk works” team that worked on a variety of high-level banking strategic initiatives including technology reviews
of various departments, competitive benchmarking, acquisition target analysis, and market research. Mr. Saenger started his career
with Continental Illinois Venture Corp., the private equity branch of Continental Bank. Since December 2013, Mr. Saenger has served
as a director and on the audit and compensation committees of 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. He has served as a member
of the board of directors (and on the audit committee) of Aphena Pharma Holdings, a private pharmaceutical packaging company, since
April 2007 and as a member of the board of directors of the Scarsdale Golf Club, a non-profit organization, since January 2013.
Since January 2007, Mr. Saenger has served as a Trustee on the board of trustees of the St. Pius X Church, a 501(c)(3) non-profit
organization. Mr. Saenger obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics and Finance from the University of Notre Dame and
a Master of Business Administration with a double major in finance and entrepreneurial management from the University of Pennsylvania
Wharton School of Business. We believe Mr. Saenger’s qualifications to serve on our board of directors include his management
and investment experience leading Reliant Star Capital, Inc. and his experience serving on other boards and board committees across
a broad range of industries. Thomas D. Sargent has served
on our board of directors since July 2014. Since September 2000, Mr. Sargent has been Executive Vice President and a Principal
of Bradley, Foster & Sargent LLC, or BFS, an asset manager focused on high net worth and institutional clients with $2.6 billion
under management. He is Chief Investment Officer and Chairman of the Investment Committee for BFS. From May 1986 to June 2000,
Mr. Sargent worked at and rose to become Senior Vice President, an equity owner, and a member of the management committee for Conning
& Company, where he managed that firm’s Equity Research, Institutional Sales, and Equity Trading divisions and was cited
by Institutional Investor for his research expertise concerning the insurance industry. From May 2007 through September 2008, Mr.
Sargent also served as a director of FMG Acquisition Corp (“FMGQ”)., which merged with the parent of United Property
& Casualty Insurance Company to form United Insurance Holdings Corp. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst designation and
obtained a Bachelor of Arts degree in History and a Bachelor of Science degree in Economics from Union College and an MBA from
Dartmouth College’s Tuck School of Business. We believe that Mr. Sargent’s qualifications to serve on our board of
directors include nearly 30 years’ experience in securities research and company analysis (a substantial portion of which
was devoted to insurance company financial statement analysis and assessment) and his prior service as a director of FMGQ. 61 Special Advisors We may seek guidance and advice from the
following special advisors. We have no formal arrangement or agreement with these advisors to provide services to us and they have
no obligation (fiduciary or otherwise) to present business opportunities to us. These special advisors will provide advice, introductions
to potential targets, and assistance to us, at our request, only if they are able to do so. Nevertheless, we believe that with
their respective business backgrounds and extensive contacts, these special advisors will be helpful to our search for a target
business and our consummation of a Business Combination. Marty Becker has served as
a Special Advisor to our company since April 2014. Mr. Becker currently serves as Chairman of the Board of QBE (QBE.AX), a multi-line
property and casualty insurance corporation writing more than $17 billion of premiums on five continents. From 2004 through May
2013, he served first as a director and later as Chairman and CEO of Max Capital Group which later became Alterra (NASDAQ: ALTE)
upon its successful merger with Harbor Point Re in 2010. Mr. Becker later guided Alterra in Markel Corporation’s (NYSE:MKL)
acquisition of Alterra in 2013, a deal named Insurance Insider’s 2013 Carrier M&A Transaction of the Year. From
2002 through 2005, at the board’s request, he guided Trenwick Group Ltd.’s restructuring and wind-down, which culminated
in a regulator-approved run-off plan and a creditor-approved prepackaged Chapter 11 filing from which Trenwick emerged in 2005.
From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Becker also served as non-executive Chairman of Hales & Company/Hales Group, a boutique insurance industry
investment bank and private equity investor. From 1994 through 2000, he rose to positions of increasing authority at Orion Capital
Corp. (NYSE:OC), serving as President and CEO of an Orion subsidiary and later as Chairman and CEO of Orion, where he guided its
sale to Royal & SunAlliance in 1999. From 1978 through 1994, he advanced to become President and CEO of McDonough Caperton
Insurance Group, the country’s third-largest privately held insurance brokerage company at the time of its sale to Accordia
(later Wells Fargo Insurance Services) in 1994. Mr. Becker began his career with Ernst & Young. He earned a Juris Doctor and a Bachelor in Business Sciences from West Virginia University and holds the Certified Public Accountant designation. He has
more than 35 years of experience in executive, board, and M&A transaction management. He serves on several corporate and advisory
boards in the financial services, media, manufacturing, and not-for-profit sectors. Richard Booth has served
as a Special Advisor to our company since April 2014. Mr. Booth also serves as a senior advisor to Century Capital Management LLC,
an investment advisory firm located in Boston, Massachusetts. From July 2009 until his retirement on March 1, 2014, Mr. Booth served
as Vice Chairman of Guy Carpenter & Company, LLC, a global reinsurance intermediary and wholly owned subsidiary of Marsh &
McLennan Companies, Inc. From June 2008 to March 2009, he served as a corporate officer, and from October 2008 to March 2009, Vice
Chairman, Transition Planning and Chief Administrative Officer, of American International Group, Inc. From January 2000 to March
2009, he served as Chairman and a director of HSB Group, Inc. Mr. Booth serves on the boards of Northeast Utilities, Sun Life Financial
Inc., The Hanover Insurance Group Inc., and Adamas Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and several private and/or non-profit companies. He is
a former member of the Financial Accounting Standards Advisory Council and its Steering Committee. He received B.S. and M.S. degrees
from the University of Hartford, holds the Chartered Life Underwriter and Chartered Financial Consultant designations, and is a
member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Booth has more than 40 years of diversified financial services
experience at both the operating company and board levels, where his work has included strategic analysis and advisory, mergers
and acquisitions, accounting and reporting, and complex financial transactions. 62 Andrew Frazier has served
as a Special Advisor to our company since April 2014. From 1982 through 2009, Mr. Frazier rose through a succession of increasingly
responsible positions at Western World Insurance Group, Inc., one of the leading excess and surplus lines writers and specialty
commercial insurers in the U.S., culminating in his appointment to the Board of Directors in 1991 and to the position of President
and CEO in 1992. Mr. Frazier retired at the end of 2009 and remains a director of Western World. Prior to joining Western World,
he began his career in 1972 in investment management with Schroder Capital Management, Inc., a subsidiary of the British merchant
bank J. Henry Schroder & Co. Mr. Frazier’s career has spanned all aspects of insurance underwriting, distribution, investment
management, and organizational development. From 1998 to 2012, he served as a member of the Board of Governors of the Property
Casualty Insurers Association of America and as a member of the Board of Trustees for the American Institute for Chartered Property
Casualty Underwriters; from 1998 to 2004, he was a Director of the National Association of Professional Surplus Lines Offices.
Mr. Frazier earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Johns Hopkins University and a Master of Business Administration degree in Finance
from the University of Chicago. Mr. Frazier has more than 40 years’ experience in insurance company executive management,
executive training and development, and investment management. He serves on a number of corporate and advisory boards in the financial
services, technology, and not-for-profit sectors. Number and Terms of Office of Officers
and Directors Our board of directors has seven
members, four of whom are deemed “independent” under SEC and NASDAQ rules. Our board of directors is divided into
three classes with only one class of directors being elected at each annual meeting of stockholders and each class serving
a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Hassan R. Baqar and Joshua Horowitz,
will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of
Thomas D. Sargent, Leo Christopher Saenger III and John T. Fitzgerald, will expire at the second annual meeting. The term of
office of the third class of directors, consisting of Gordon G. Pratt and Larry G. Swets, Jr., will expire at our third
annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we consummate our
initial Business Combination. Our officers are appointed by the board
of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors
is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers
may consist of a chairman of the board, vice chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer,
vice president(s), secretary, treasurer and such other officers as may be determined by the board of directors. 63 Committees of the Board of Directors Audit Committee Our audit committee of the board of directors
consists of John T. Fitzgerald, Joshua Horowitz and Leo Christopher Saenger III, each of whom is an independent director. Mr. Horowitz
serves as chairman of the audit committee. The audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter,
include, but are not limited to: • reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; • discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; • discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; • monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; • verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; • reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; • inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; • pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; • appointing or replacing the independent auditor; • determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; and • establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies. 64 Financial Experts on Audit Committee The audit committee is composed exclusively
of “independent directors” who are “financially literate” as defined under the Nasdaq listing standards.
The Nasdaq listing standards define “financially literate” as being able to read and understand fundamental financial
statements, including a company’s balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement. In addition, we must certify to Nasdaq
that the committee has, and will continue to have, at least one member who has past employment experience in finance or accounting,
requisite professional certification in accounting, or other comparable experience or background that results in the individual’s
financial sophistication. The board of directors has determined that Leo Christopher Saenger III qualifies as an “audit committee
financial expert,” as defined under rules and regulations of the SEC. Compensation Committee The members of our compensation committee
are Messrs. John T. Fitzgerald, Joshua Horowitz and Leo Christopher Saenger III. Mr. Fitzgerald serves as chairman of the compensation
committee. The compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but are
not limited to:: • reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our President and Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating our President and Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our President and Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; • reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; • reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; • implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; • reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter also provides that the compensation
committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser
and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before
engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee
will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NASDAQ and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee,
though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or NASDAQ rules.
In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(2) of the NASDAQ rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee
for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry
out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who shall participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Fitzgerald, Horowitz,
Saenger and Sargent. In accordance with Rule 5605(e)(1)(A) of the NASDAQ rules, all such directors are independent. As there is
no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 65 The board of directors will also consider
director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand
for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders
that wish to nominate a director for election to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge
of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our
stockholders. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable
to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit committee and compensation
committee charters as exhibits to the registration statement associated with our initial public offering. You will be able to
review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy
of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers
of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires
our officers, directors and persons who own more than ten percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports
of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors and ten percent stockholders are required by regulation
to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms furnished
to us, or written representations that no Forms 5 were required, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014,
all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to our officers and directors were complied with. Conflicts of Interest Investors should be aware of the following
potential conflicts of interest: • None of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. • In the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our officers and directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. • Our officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with entities, including other blank check companies, engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by our company. • Unless we consummate our initial business combination, our officers, directors, insiders and sponsor will not receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them to the extent that such expenses exceed the amount of available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the amount of interest income from the trust account that may be released to us as working capital. 66 • The insider shares beneficially owned by our officers and directors will be released from escrow only if our initial business combination is successfully completed. Additionally, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time frame, our officers and directors will not be entitled to receive any amounts held in the trust account with respect to any of their insider shares or private units. Furthermore, our insiders (and/or their designees) have agreed that the private units will not be sold or transferred by them until after we have completed our initial business combination. For the foregoing reasons, our board may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effect our initial business combination. In general, officers and directors of a
corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation
if: • the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; • the opportunity is within the corporation’s line of business; and • it would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. Accordingly, as a result of
multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting
business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the doctrine of corporate opportunity will not apply with respect to any of our
officers or directors in circumstances where the application of the doctrine would conflict with any fiduciary duties or
contractual obligations they may have. In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest which may arise from multiple
affiliations, our officers and directors (other than our independent directors) have agreed to present to us for our
consideration, prior to presentation to any other person or entity, any suitable opportunity to acquire a target business,
until the earlier of the earlier of: (1) our consummation of an initial business combination and (2) 24 months from the date
of the prospectus associated with our initial public offering. This agreement is, however, subject to any pre-existing fiduciary and
contractual obligations such officer or director may from time to time have to another entity (except Kingsway or any of
its wholly-owned subsidiaries, to the extent Kingsway has agreed otherwise as described below). Accordingly, if any of
them becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has
pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations (except Kingsway or any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, to the extent
Kingsway has agreed otherwise as described below), he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to
present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the
opportunity. We do not believe, however, that the pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers
and directors will materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 67 The following table summarizes the current
pre-existing fiduciary or contractual obligations of our officers and directors: Name of Individual Name of Affiliated Company Entity’s Business Affiliation Gordon Pratt 1347 Capital LLC Private investment firm Director 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. Property and casualty insurance holding company Director Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. Financial services holding company Director Fund Management Group LLC Private holding company Managing Member Larry Swets 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. Property and casualty insurance holding company Director Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. Financial services holding company Director Kingsway Financial Services Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Property and casualty insurance holding company Various LGIC Holdings LLC Private holding company Manager; Director Hassan Baqar 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc., and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Property and casualty insurance holding company Various Kingsway Financial Services Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries Property and casualty insurance holding company Various John T. Fitzgerald Argo Management Partners, LLC Private equity investment firm Managing Partner Hunter MFG, LLP Manufacturer and distributor of sports-licensed consumer products Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Atlas Financial Holdings, Inc. Financial services holding company Director Oak Patch Gifts, LLC Private gift and jewelry manufacturer Chairman Progressive Bronze Products, LLC Private manufacturer of metal goods Director Joshua Horowitz Palm Ventures LLC Private investment firm/family office Managing Director Lincoln General Insurance Company Private insurance company Director Leo Christopher Saenger III Reliant Star Capital, Inc. Private investment firm President 1347 Property Insurance Holdings, Inc. Property and casualty insurance holding company Director Aphena Pharma Holdings Private pharmaceutical packaging company Director Thomas D. Sargent Bradley, Foster & Sargent LLC Private asset management firm Various 68 In order to minimize potential
conflicts, or the appearance of conflicts, which may arise from the affiliations which certain of our officers and directors
have with Kingsway and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Kingsway, on behalf of itself and any of its wholly-owned subsidiaries
that may consider acquisition opportunities in the insurance sector, has granted us a “right of first refusal”
with respect to any opportunity to acquire 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of any company or business in the
insurance sector whose fair market value is at least equal to 80% of the balance of the trust account (less the deferred
underwriter’s fees and taxes payable) at such time, which is the minimum size of a target business for our initial
business combination. Pursuant to this right of first refusal, we will be entitled to pursue any such potential transaction
opportunity unless and until a majority of our independent directors has determined for any reason that we will not pursue
such opportunity. If a majority of our independent directors determines that the company will not pursue such opportunity, we
will release Kingsway and its wholly-owned subsidiaries from this right of first refusal so that it can explore such
opportunity. This right of first refusal will expire upon the earlier of: (1) our consummation of an initial Business
Combination and (2) 24 months from the date of the prospectus associated with our initial public offering. Our insiders, officers and directors, have
agreed to vote any shares of common stock held by them in favor of our initial Business Combination. In addition, they have agreed
to waive their respective rights to receive any amounts held in the Trust Account with respect to their Insider Shares and Private
Units if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the required time frame. If they purchase shares of
common stock in the open market, however, they would be entitled to receive their pro rata share of the amounts held in the Trust
Account if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the required time frame, but have agreed not to convert
such shares in connection with the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 69 All ongoing and future transactions between
us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee
and a majority of our uninterested “independent” directors, or the members of our board who do not have an interest
in the transaction, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent legal counsel. We will not enter
into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested “independent” directors determine
that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with respect to such a
transaction from unaffiliated third parties. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not
to consummate our initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our officers, directors or insiders,
unless we have obtained (i) an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the business combination is fair to our
unaffiliated stockholders from a financial point of view and (ii) the approval of a majority of our disinterested and independent
directors (if we have any at that time). Furthermore, in no event will Kingsway, FMG, our sponsor or any of the members of our
management team be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that
it is). Limitation on Liability and Indemnification
of Directors and Officers Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that our directors and officers will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law
as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that
our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless
they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law,
authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit
from their actions as directors. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
such indemnification will not extend to any claims Kingsway and FMG may make to us to cover any loss that they may sustain as a
result of their agreement to pay debts and obligations to target businesses or vendors or other entities that are owed money by
us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us as described in the prospectus associated with our initial public offering. Our bylaws also permits us to secure insurance
on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware
law would permit indemnification. We have purchased a policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures
our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us
against our obligations to indemnify the directors and officers. 70 These provisions may discourage stockholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of
reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent
we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We
believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced
directors and officers. Item 11. Executive Compensation No executive officer has received any
cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the Offering through the completion of our initial business combination
with a target business, we will pay 1347 Capital LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor, a fee of $10,000 per month for providing us
with office space and certain office and secretarial services. However, pursuant to the terms of such agreement, we may delay
payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to
pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial business combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without
interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. Other than the
$10,000 per month administrative fee, no compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s fees, consulting fees and
other similar fees, will be paid to Kingsway, FMG, our sponsor or any of the members of our management team, for services rendered
prior to or in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that
it is). However, such individuals will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with
activities on our behalf, such as identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target
businesses and business combinations as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses to examine their operations. There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided,
however, that to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the trust account and the interest income
earned on the amounts held in the trust account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial business
combination. After our
initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy
solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time
of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination
business to determine executive and director compensation. In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time
of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as required by the SEC. 71 Item 12. Security Ownership of certain
Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock, warrants and rights as of March 10, 2015 by: • each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock, warrants and rights; • each of our officers and directors; and • all of our officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe
that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially
owned by them. 72 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Shares of Common Stock Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Warrants Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Warrants Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership of Rights Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Rights 1347 Investors LLC (2) 1,248,000 21.0 % 798,000 14.8 % 198,000 4.1 % Larry Swets 1,258,000 (3 ) 21.1 % 798,000 14.8 % 198,000 4.1 % Hassan Baqar 1,258,000 (3 ) 21.1 % 798,000 14.8 % 198,000 4.1 % Gordon Pratt 10,000 (4 ) 0.2 % - 0 % - 0 % John T. Fitzgerald 10,000 (4 ) 0.2 % - 0 % - 0 % Joshua Horowitz 10,000 (4 ) 0.2 % - 0 % - 0 % Leo Christopher Saenger III 10,000 (4 ) 0.2 % - 0 % - 0 % Thomas D. Sargent 10,000 (4 ) 0.2 % - 0 % - 0 % All directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 1,318,000 22.2 % 798,000 14.8 % 198,000 4.1 % Thomas L. Kempner,Jr. & Stephen M. Dowicz c/o Davidson Kempner Capital Management LP. 65 East 55th Street, 19th Floor, New York, New York 10022, USA 370,000 (5 ) 6.2 % 370,000 (5 ) 6.9 % 370,000 (5 ) 7.7 % Polar Securities Inc. 401 Bay Street, Suite 1900, PO Box 19, Toronto, M5H 2Y4, Canada 400,000 (6 ) 6.7 % 400,000 (6 ) 7.4 % 400,000 (6 ) 8.3 % Paul J. Glazer c/o Glazer Capital, LLC. 623 5th Ave., Suite 2502, New York, New York 10022, USA 313,000 (7 ) 5.3 % 313,000 (7 ) 5.8 % 313,000 (7 ) 6.5 % (1) Unless otherwise indicated, the business address of each of the individuals is 150 Pierce Road, 6th Floor, Itasca, IL 60143. (2) Represents one hundred percent of the securities held by 1347 Investors LLC, our sponsor. The managing member of our sponsor is 1347 Capital LLC. Messrs. Swets and Baqar are managers of 1347 Capital LLC and exercise voting and dispsitive control over the securities held by our sponsors. Accordingly, they may be deemed to share benefical ownership of such securities. (3) Represents 1,248,000 shares held by 1347 Investors LLC, our sponsor, as well as 10,000 shares held individually by the director. (4) Represents 10,000 shares of common stock transferred by 1347 Investors LLC, our sponsor, to each director
on February 6, 2015 for a purchase price of $0.0217391 per share. (5) Represents (a) 150,093 shares held by Davidson Kempner Partners, (b) 330,561 shares held by Davidson Kempner Institutional Partners, L.P. and (c) 329,346 shares held by Davidson Kempner International Ltd. Messrs. Kempner and Dowicz are responsible for the voting and investment decisions relating to the securities held by these entities as managing members of Davidson Kempner Capital Management LLC, which acts as investment manager to each such entity. Information derived from a Schedule 13G filed on July 24, 2014. (6) Represents 400,000 shares held by North Pole Capital Master Fund, a fund for which Polar Securities, Inc. serves as investment advisor. Information derived from Schedule 13G filed on July 25, 2014 (7) Represents 313,000 shares held by Glazer Capital, LLC, for which Paul J. Glazer serves as managing member. Information derived from Schedule 13G filed on July 28, 2014. Equity Compensation Plan As of December 31, 2014, we had no compensation
plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the registrant were authorized for issuance. 73 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence In April 2014, Company’s insiders
purchased an aggregate of 1,150,000 Insider Shares. The Insider Shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in
the units sold in the Offering. However, Company’s insiders have agreed (A) to vote their Insider Shares and any public shares
acquired in or after the Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment
to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of Company’s
obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination
within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable), unless it provides Public Stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal
to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to pay franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not
to convert any shares (including the Insider Shares) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a
stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the certificate of incorporation
relating to the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Shareholders if the
Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as
applicable) and (D) that the Insider Shares shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the
Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, the Insiders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell
any of the Insider Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50% of the Insider Shares, the earlier
of one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of Company’s
common stock equals or exceeds $12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation
of the initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50% of the Insider Shares, one year after the date of the
consummation of the initial Business Combination. Our insiders (and/or their designees) purchased
an aggregate of 180,000 Private Units at $10.00 per Private Unit and 600,000 $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants at a price of
$0.50 per warrant (for a total purchase price of $2,100,000) from us. These purchases took place on a private placement basis simultaneously
with the consummation of the Offering on July 21, 2014. Our insiders have also purchased from us at a price of $10.00 per unit
an additional 18,000 Private Units for a total purchase price of $180,000 simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment
option by the underwriters. 74 The Private Units issued in the private
placement described above are identical to the Units sold in the offering. However, the holders of Private Units have agreed (A)
to vote their common shares included in the Private Units and any public shares acquired in or after the Offering in favor of any
proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to Company’s certificate of incorporation
that would affect the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by public stockholders
if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months,
as applicable), unless the Company provides its public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock
upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay franchise and
income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not to convert any shares (including the common shares
in the Private Units) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve the
proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of Company’s certificate of incorporation relating
to the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by public stockholders if the Company
does not complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable)
and (D) that the common shares included in the Private Units shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the
funds held in the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, insiders (and/or their designees) have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees
as the Insider Shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the
Insider Shares must agree to) until the completion of the initial Business Combination. The $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants entitle the holder thereof
to purchase one full share of our common stock at an exercise price of $15.00 per share. The $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants
will become exercisable on the same timing and with the same provisions as the public warrants and private warrants. However, the
$15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants will not be exercisable on a “cashless basis” and they will expire seven years
after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.
Additionally, our insiders (and/or their designees) have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the $15 Exercise Price Sponsor
Warrants or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the Insider Shares and provided the transferees
agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the Insider Shares must agree to, each as described above)
until the completion of our initial business combination. In order to meet our working capital needs,
our insiders, officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever
amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either
be paid upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender’s discretion, up to $500,000
of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our Business Combination into additional Private Units at a price of $10.00
per unit. Our stockholders have approved the issuance of the Private Units upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder
wishes to so convert such notes at the time of the consummation of our initial Business Combination. If we do not complete a business
combination, the $125,000 loan from our sponsor, and any other outstanding loans from our insiders, officers and directors or their
affiliates, will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside our Trust Account, if any. 75 The holders of our Insider Shares, Private
Units (and underlying securities) and any shares our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates may be issued in payment
of working capital loans made to us, are entitled to registration rights. The holders of a majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to two demands that we register such securities. The holders of the majority of the Insider Shares can elect to exercise
these registration rights at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which these shares of common stock are to be
released from escrow. The holders of a majority of the Private Units or shares issued in payment of working capital loans made
to us can elect to exercise these registration rights at any time after we consummate a Business Combination. In addition, the
holders have certain “piggy-back” registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our
consummation of our initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such
registration statements. As of April 17, 2014, our sponsor loaned
to us an aggregate of $125,000 to cover expenses related to our Offering. The terms of this loan were amended and restated as of
April 18, 2014. The loan is payable without interest no later than the date on which our initial Business Combination is consummated. 1347 Capital LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor,
through the earlier of our consummation of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation, will make available to us certain
general and administrative services, including office space, utilities and administrative support, as we may require from time
to time. We pay 1347 Capital LLC $10,000 per month for these services. However, pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we may
delay payment of such monthly fee upon a determination by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust
to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection with our initial Business Combination. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without
interest and be due and payable no later than the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination. We believe that
the fee charged by 1347 Capital LLC is at least as favorable as we could have obtained from an unaffiliated person. We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital, the representative
of the underwriters in the Offering, to assist us with our initial Business Combination. Pursuant to this arrangement, EarlyBirdCapital
will assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business’s
attributes, introduce us to potential investors that may be interested in purchasing our securities, assist us in obtaining shareholder
approval for the Business Combination and assist us with our press releases and certain public filings in connection with the Business
Combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination
in an amount equal to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in the Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees
which might become payable), less up to 30% of such fee that we may allocate to one or more other advisors that assist us in identifying
or consummating an initial Business Combination. We have sold to EarlyBirdCapital (and/or
its designees), for $100, an option to purchase up to a total of 300,000 Units exercisable at $10.00 per unit (or an aggregate
exercise price of $3,000,000) commencing on the later of the consummation of a Business Combination and one year from the date
of the prospectus associated with our initial public offering. Since the option is not exercisable until at the earliest the consummation of a Business Combination, and the
rights will automatically result in the offering of shares of common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, the option
will effectively represent the right to purchase 330,000 shares of common stock (which includes the 30,000 shares of common stock
issuable for the rights included in the Units), and 300,000 warrants to purchase 150,000 full shares, for $3,000,000. 76 Other than the fees described above, no
compensation or fees of any kind, including finder’s fees, consulting fees or other similar compensation, will be paid to
Kingsway, FMG, our sponsor or any of the members of our management team, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection
with the consummation of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, such individuals
will receive reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred by them in connection with activities on our behalf, such as
identifying potential target businesses, performing business due diligence on suitable target businesses and business combinations
as well as traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses to examine their operations.
There is no limit on the amount of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, however, that to the extent such expenses
exceed the available proceeds not deposited in the Trust Account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the Trust
Account, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial Business Combination. After our initial Business Combination, members of our management
team who remain with us may be paid consulting, board, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts
being fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
Business Combination, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation.
In this event, such compensation will be publicly disclosed at the time of its determination in a Current Report on Form 8-K, as
required by the SEC. All ongoing and future transactions between
us and any of our officers and directors or their respective affiliates will be on terms believed by us to be no less favorable
to us than are available from unaffiliated third parties. Such transactions will require prior approval by our audit committee
and a majority of our uninterested independent directors, in either case who had access, at our expense, to our attorneys or independent
legal counsel. We will not enter into any such transaction unless our audit committee and a majority of our disinterested independent
directors determine that the terms of such transaction are no less favorable to us than those that would be available to us with
respect to such a transaction from unaffiliated third parties. Related Party Policy Our Code of Ethics requires us to avoid,
wherever possible, all related party transactions that could result in actual or potential conflicts of interests, except under
guidelines approved by the board of directors (or the audit committee). A conflict of interest situation can arise when a person
takes actions or has interests that may make it difficult to perform his or her work objectively and effectively. Conflicts of
interest may also arise if a person, or a member of his or her family, receives improper personal benefits as a result of his or
her position. 77 To further minimize conflicts of interest,
we have agreed not to consummate our initial Business Combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our insiders, officers
or directors unless we have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm and the approval of a majority of our
disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time) that the Business Combination is fair to our unaffiliated
stockholders from a financial point of view. Furthermore, in no event will Kingsway, FMG, our sponsor or any of the members of
our management team be paid any finder’s fee, consulting fee or other similar compensation prior to, or for any services
they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). Director Independence NASDAQ listing standards require that a majority of our board
of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee
of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company’s board
of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our board of directors has determined that John T. Fitzgerald, Joshua Horowitz, Leo Christopher Saenger III and Thomas
D. Sargent would each be considered an “independent director” as defined in the NASDAQ listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. We will only enter into a business combination if it is approved
by a majority of our independent directors. Additionally, we will only enter into transactions with our officers and directors
and their respective affiliates that are on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Any
related-party transactions must be approved by our audit committee and a majority of disinterested directors. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The firm of BDO USA, LLP (“BDO”) acts as our independent
registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to BDO for services rendered. Audit Fees During the period from April 15, 2014 (inception) through December
31, 2014, the aggregate fee billed by BDO for professional services rendered for the audit of the financial statements of the Company,
for the review of Company’s quarterly financial statements, as well as work performed in connection with the Offering were
$59,643. Audit-Related Fees We did not receive audit-related services
that are not reported as audit fees for the period from April 15, 2014 (inception) through December 31, 2014. Tax Fees During the period from April 15, 2014 (inception)
through December 31, 2014, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render any tax services to us. 78 All Other Fees During the period from April 15, 2014 (inception)
through December 31, 2014, there were no fees billed for services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm
other than those set forth above. Audit Committee Pre-Approval
Policies and Procedures Since our audit committee was not formed
until the date of the Offering, the audit committee did not pre-approve any of the foregoing services prior to such date, although
any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were reviewed and pre-approved by our board of directors at
that time. In accordance with Section 10A(i) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, before we engage our independent accountant
to render audit or non-audit services on a going-forward basis, the engagement will be approved by our audit committee. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules a) Documents filed as part of this Report (1) Financial Statements. See "Index to Financial
Statements" in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. (2) Financial Statement Schedules. All schedules are
omitted for the reason that the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or that they are not required
or are not applicable. (3) Exhibits. The exhibits listed in the accompanying
"Exhibits Index" that follow the signature pages of this report are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this
Form 10-K. (b) Exhibits. Included in Item 15(a)(3) above (c) Financial Statement Schedules. Included in Item 15(a)(2)
above 79 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section
13 or 15 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on the 10 day of March 2015. 1347 CAPITAL CORP. By: /s/ Gordon G. Pratt Gordon G. Pratt Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Hassan R. Baqar Hassan R. Baqar Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned directors and officers
of 1347 Capital Corp. hereby constitute and appoint Gordon G. Pratt and Hassan R. Baqar, and each of them, with full power to act
without the other and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our true and lawful attorneys-in-fact with full power
to execute in our name and behalf in the capacities indicated below, this annual report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments
thereto and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorneys-in-fact, or any of them, or their substitutes shall lawfully
do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. In accordance with the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. Name Title Date /s/ Gordon G. Pratt Gordon G. Pratt Chief Executive Officer & Director March 10, 2015 /s/ Hassan R. Baqar Hassan R. Baqar Chief Financial Officer & Director March 10, 2015 /s/ Larry G. Swets, Jr. Larry G. Swets, Jr. Chairman of the Board & Director March 10, 2015 /s/ John T. Fitzgerald John T. Fitzgerald Director March 10, 2015 /s/ Joshua Horowitz Joshua Horowitz Director March 10, 2015 /s/ Leo Christopher Saenger III Leo Christopher Saenger III Director March 10, 2015 /s/ Thomas D. Sargent Thomas D. Sargent Director March 10, 2015 80 Exhibits Index Exhibit Filing No. Description Included Form Date 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., as representative of the underwriters named on Schedule A thereto. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 1.2 Business Combination Marketing Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 3.2 Bylaws. By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate. By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 4.2 Specimen Common Stock Certificate By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 4.3 Specimen Right Certificate By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 4.4 Specimen Warrant Certificate By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 4.5 Warrant Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 4.6 Form of Unit Purchase Option between 1347 Capital Corp. and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 4.7 Rights Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.1 Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated April 18, 2014, issued to 1347 Investors LLC. By Reference S-1 05-May-14 10.2(a) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and 1347 Investors LLC. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.2(b) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Kingsway Financial Services Inc. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 81 10.2(c) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Fund Management Group LLC. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.2(d) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Gordon G. Pratt. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.2(e) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Hassan R. Baqar. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.2(f) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Larry G. Swets, Jr. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.2(g) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and John T. Fitzgerald. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.2(h) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Joshua Horowitz. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.2(i) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Leo Christopher Saenger III. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.2(j) Letter Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Thomas D. Sargent. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.3 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.4 Stock Escrow Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, among 1347 Capital Corp., 1347 Investors LLC and Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.5 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, among 1347 Capital Corp., 1347 Investors LLC and EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.6 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated April 17, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and 1347 Investors LLC. By Reference S-1 05-May-14 10.7 Form of Indemnity Agreement. By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 10.8 Amended and Restated Administrative Services Agreement, dated April 18, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and 1347 Capital LLC. By Reference S-1 05-May-14 10.9 Private Units Purchase Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and 1347 Investors LLC. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 82 10.10 $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 15, 2014, between 1347 Capital Corp. and 1347 Investors LLC. By Reference 8-K 21-Jul-14 10.11 Form of Right of First Refusal and Corporate Opportunities Agreement. By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 14 Form of Code of Ethics. By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Herewith 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Herewith 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Herewith 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Herewith 99.1 Form of Audit Committee Charter. By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 99.2 Form of Compensation Committee Charter By Reference S-1/A 30-Jun-14 101.INS XBRL Instance Document Herewith 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Herewith 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Herewith 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Herewith 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Herewith 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Herewith 83 EX-31.1 2 v400771_ex31-1.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION
302 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Gordon G. Pratt, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of 1347
Capital Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officers and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 10, 2015 By /s/ Gordon G. Pratt Gordon G. Pratt, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) EX-31.2 3 v400771_ex31-2.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section
302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 I, Hassan R. Baqar, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of 1347
Capital Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures,
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the
registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect,
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect
the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves
management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 10, 2015 By /s/ Hassan R. Baqar Hassan R. Baqar, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) EX-32.1 4 v400771_ex32-1.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of 1347
Capital Corp. (the “Company”) for the period ended December 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned Gordon G. Pratt, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the
best of the undersigned's knowledge and belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 10, 2015 By /s/ Gordon G. Pratt Gordon G. Pratt, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) EX-32.2 5 v400771_ex32-2.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of 1347
Capital Corp. (the “Company”) for the period ended December 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on the date hereof (the “Report”), the undersigned Hassan R. Baqar, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby
certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the
best of the undersigned's knowledge and belief: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 10, 2015 By /s/ Hassan R. Baqar Hassan R. Baqar, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) EX-101.INS 6 tfscu-20141231.xml XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 0001606163 2015-03-05 0001606163 2015-03-10 0001606163 2014-04-01 2014-04-30 0001606163 2014-04-15 2014-12-31 0001606163 2014-07-01 2014-07-21 0001606163 2014-07-01 2014-07-23 0001606163 2014-07-21 0001606163 2014-12-31 0001606163 2014-04-14 0001606163 us-gaap:IPOMember 2014-07-01 2014-07-21 0001606163 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2014-07-01 2014-07-21 0001606163 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2014-07-01 2014-07-23 0001606163 tfscu:InsiderSharesMember 2014-04-01 2014-04-30 0001606163 tfscu:AdditionalPrivatePlacementMember 2014-07-01 2014-07-23 0001606163 tfscu:InsiderSharesMember 2014-04-30 0001606163 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2014-07-21 0001606163 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2014-07-23 0001606163 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2014-07-23 0001606163 tfscu:AdditionalPrivatePlacementMember 2014-07-23 0001606163 us-gaap:OverAllotmentOptionMember 2014-07-21 0001606163 us-gaap:USTreasurySecuritiesMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:CashMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 tfscu:EarlyBirdCapitalIncMember 2014-07-01 2014-07-21 0001606163 tfscu:UnitPurchaseOptionMember 2014-07-01 2014-07-21 0001606163 tfscu:SponsorMember 2014-07-01 2014-07-21 0001606163 tfscu:UnitPurchaseOptionMember 2014-07-21 0001606163 tfscu:SponsorWarrantsMember 2014-07-01 2014-07-21 0001606163 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2014-07-21 0001606163 tfscu:SponsorMember 2014-07-21 0001606163 tfscu:SponsorWarrantsMember 2014-07-21 0001606163 tfscu:UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember 2014-04-18 0001606163 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 tfscu:OfferingMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-04-14 0001606163 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-04-14 0001606163 us-gaap:AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember 2014-04-14 0001606163 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-04-15 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-04-15 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember 2014-04-15 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:IPOMember 2014-04-15 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2014-04-15 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:NoteWarrantMember 2014-04-15 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:IPOMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 us-gaap:NoteWarrantMember 2014-12-31 0001606163 tfscu:OneThreeFourSevenInvestorsLlcMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2015-01-21 2015-02-06 0001606163 tfscu:OneThreeFourSevenInvestorsLlcMember us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember 2015-02-06 xbrli:shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Note 2 &#151; Significant Accounting Policies</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt"> <font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font>Basis of Presentation</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The accompanying financial statements of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;).<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font></font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Development Stage Company</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company is considered to be a development stage company and, as such, the Company&#8217;s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) topic 915 &#8220;Development Stage Entities.&#8221; The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with activities of development stage companies.<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font></font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Loss per Share</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to possible redemption. The Company did not take into account the outstanding dilutive securities in calculating the loss per share because it reported net loss for the period. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period.<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font></font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font>Fair Value of Financial Instruments</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The fair value of the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,&#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet given their short-term nature.<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font></font></div> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Use of Estimates</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.</font></div> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Cash and Cash Equivalents</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances that at times may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. The Company maintains its cash deposits with major financial institutions.<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font></font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> &#160;</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Securities held in Trust Account</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">At December 31, 2014, the assets in the Trust Account were valued at $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">46,008,549</font>, of which $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">45,998,082</font> was invested in United States Treasury Bills and $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10,467</font> held as cash.</font></div> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Common Stock Subject to Possible Conversion</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with ASC 480 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&#8221; Common stock subject to mandatory conversion (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally convertible common stock (including common stock that features conversion rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to conversion upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company&#8217;s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders&#8217; equity. The Company&#8217;s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company&#8217;s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders&#8217; equity section of the Company&#8217;s balance sheet.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders&#8217; equity) to be less than $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,000,001</font>.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by charges against retained earnings.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 4,099,999</font> of the <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 4,600,000</font> public shares were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value.</font></div> <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Income Taxes</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes (&#8220;ASC 740&#8221;). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&#8217;s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Based on the Company&#8217;s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company&#8217;s financial statements. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company&#8217;s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2014. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position.<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font></font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> &#160;</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Recent Accounting Pronouncements</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In June 2014 The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 to eliminate certain financial reporting requirements that have historically applied to development stage entities. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014 and interim periods therein. The Company is considering the potential impact of this new standard on its financial statements, which is not expected to be material.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;size: 8.5in 11.0in"> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Note 3 &#151; The Offering</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company consummated the Offering of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 4,000,000</font> Units on July 21, 2014. Each Unit was offered at a price of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10.00</font> and consists of one share of common stock, one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock automatically on the consummation of a Business Combination and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at a price of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">11.50</font> per full share, subject to certain adjustments. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination and 12 months from the closing of the Offering, and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company also granted EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative of the underwriters (the &#8220;Representative&#8221;), a 45-day option to purchase up to <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 600,000</font> Units (over and above the 4,000,000 Units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments, if any. On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 600,000</font> Units subject to such over-allotment option. The Units issued pursuant to the over-allotment option were sold at the Offering price of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10.00</font> per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">6,000,000</font>.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">If the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering, or 24 months from the closing of the Offering if the Company has entered into a letter of intent or definitive agreement with a target business for a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering and such Business Combination has not yet been consummated within such 18-month period, it will redeem <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 100</font>% of the shares held by Public Stockholders using the funds in the Trust Account described above. In such event, the rights and warrants held by Public Stockholders will expire and be worthless.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company paid the underwriters in the Offering an underwriting discount of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 3</font>% ($<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,200,000</font>) of the gross proceeds of the Offering. An additional <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">3</font>% underwriting discount of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">180,000</font> was paid to underwriters for the proceeds generated upon exercise of the over-allotment option. On July 21, 2014 simultaneously with the completion of the Offering, the Company also issued a unit purchase option (&#8220;UPO&#8221;), for $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">100</font>, to the Representative or its designees to purchase up to a total of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 300,000</font> Units. The UPO will be exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the Offering registration statement and closing of Business Combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the Offering registration statement at a price per Unit equal to $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10</font>. The UPO may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis. The Company estimates that the fair value of the UPO is approximately $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">819,111</font> (or approximately $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2.73</font> per unit) using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the UPO is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 30</font>%, (2) risk-free interest rate of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 1.50</font>% and (3) expected life of five years.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Simultaneously with the closing of the Offering, the Company has also consummated a private placement of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 180,000</font> Private Units at $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10</font> per unit and <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 600,000</font> $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">15</font> Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants at $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.50</font> per warrant generating gross proceeds of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,100,000</font>. In a private sale that took place simultaneously with the consummation of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the sponsor purchased an additional <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 18,000</font> Private Units at $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10.00</font> per unit generating additional proceeds of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">180,000</font></font></div> </div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;size: 8.5in 11.0in"> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Note 4 &#151; Offering Costs</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Offering costs consist principally of legal, accounting and underwriting costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Offering. Offering costs amounting to $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,831,784</font> (including $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,380,000</font> in underwriters fees) were charged to stockholders&#8217; equity upon completion of the Offering.</font></div> </div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;size: 8.5in 11.0in"> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Note 5 &#151; Note Payable to Stockholder</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company issued a $125,000 principal amount unsecured promissory note to 1347 Investors LLC, the sponsor and holder of Insider Shares, on April 18, 2014. The note is non-interest bearing and payable no later than the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Due to the short-term nature of the note, the fair value of the note approximates the carrying amount.</font></div> </div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;size: 8.5in 11.0in"> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Note 6 &#151; Commitments</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company has engaged the Representative to act as its advisor in connection with its initial Business Combination to provide it with assistance in negotiating and structuring the terms of its initial Business Combination. The Company will pay the Representative a cash fee equal to <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 3.5</font>% of the total gross proceeds raised in the Offering or $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1,610,000</font> for such services upon the consummation of its initial Business Combination, exclusive of any applicable finders&#8217; fees which might become payable, less up to 30% of such fee that the Company may allocate to one or more other advisors that assist it in identifying or consummating an initial Business Combination.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt"> <font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In April 2014, Company&#8217;s insiders purchased an aggregate of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 1,150,000</font> Insider Shares. The Insider Shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units sold in the Offering. However, Company&#8217;s insiders have agreed (A) to vote their Insider Shares and any public shares acquired in or after the Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company&#8217;s amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 100</font>% of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable), unless it provides Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not to convert any shares (including the Insider Shares) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the certificate of incorporation relating to the substance or timing of Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Shareholders if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable) and (D) that the Insider Shares shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, the Insiders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Insider Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50% of the Insider Shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of Company&#8217;s common stock equals or exceeds $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">12.50</font> per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of the initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50% of the Insider Shares, one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Private Units issued in the private placement described above are identical to the Units sold in the offering. However, the holders of Private Units have agreed (A) to vote their common shares included in the Private Units and any public shares acquired in or after the Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to Company&#8217;s certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable), unless the Company provides its Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not to convert any shares (including the common shares in the Private Units) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of Company&#8217;s certificate of incorporation relating to the substance or timing of Company&#8217;s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable) and (D) that the common shares included in the Private Units shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, insiders (and/or their designees) have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the Insider Shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the Insider Shares must agree to) until the completion of the initial Business Combination.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company presently occupies office space provided by an affiliate of the Company&#8217;s sponsor. Such affiliate has agreed that until the Company consummates a Business Combination, they will make such office space, as well as certain office and secretarial services, available to the Company as may be required by the Company from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay an aggregate of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10,000</font> per month for such services commencing on the effective date of the Offering subject to Company&#8217;s assessment of its working capital requirements.</font></div> </div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;size: 8.5in 11.0in"> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Note 7 &#151; Stockholder Equity</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Preferred Stock</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company is authorized to issue <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 1,000,000</font> shares of preferred stock with a par value of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.0001</font> per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company&#8217;s board of directors. As of December 31, 2014 there are no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> &#160;</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common Stock</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company is authorized to issue <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 10,000,000</font> shares of common stock with a par value of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.0001</font> per share. As of December 31, 2014, <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 5,948,000</font> shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, including <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 4,600,000</font> shares of common stock underlying the Units issued in the Offering, <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 198,000</font> shares of common stock issued in the private placement, and <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 1,150,000</font> Insider Shares issued by the Company to insiders in April 2014. Of the total <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 5,948,000</font> shares of common stock issued and outstanding, <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 4,099,999</font> shares of common stock were classified outside of permanent equity as common stock subject to possible redemption. See Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies for detailed discussion.</font></div> </div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt"> </div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Basis of Presentation</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The accompanying financial statements of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#8220;SEC&#8221;).</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Development Stage Company</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company is considered to be a development stage company and, as such, the Company&#8217;s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) topic 915 &#8220;Development Stage Entities.&#8221; The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with activities of development stage companies.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Loss per Share</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to possible redemption. The Company did not take into account the outstanding dilutive securities in calculating the loss per share because it reported net loss for the period. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> </font>Fair Value of Financial Instruments</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The fair value of the Company&#8217;s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, &#8220;Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,&#8221; approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet given their short-term nature.<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font></font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Use of Estimates</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Cash and Cash Equivalents</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances that at times may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. The Company maintains its cash deposits with major financial institutions.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Securities held in Trust Account</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">At December 31, 2014, the assets in the Trust Account were valued at $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">46,008,549</font>, of which $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">45,998,082</font> was invested in United States Treasury Bills and $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10,467</font> held as cash.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Common Stock Subject to Possible Conversion</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with ASC 480 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.&#8221; Common stock subject to mandatory conversion (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally convertible common stock (including common stock that features conversion rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to conversion upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company&#8217;s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders&#8217; equity. The Company&#8217;s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company&#8217;s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders&#8217; equity section of the Company&#8217;s balance sheet.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders&#8217; equity) to be less than $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">5,000,001</font>.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by charges against retained earnings.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 4,099,999</font> of the <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 4,600,000</font> public shares were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Income Taxes</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes (&#8220;ASC 740&#8221;). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&#8217;s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Based on the Company&#8217;s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company&#8217;s financial statements. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company&#8217;s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2014. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Recent Accounting Pronouncements</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In June 2014 The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 to eliminate certain financial reporting requirements that have historically applied to development stage entities. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014 and interim periods therein. The Company is considering the potential impact of this new standard on its financial statements, which is not expected to be material.<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"></font></font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> 4000000 180000 600000 40000000 25000 6000000 18000 0.02 10 10.00 10.00 10.00 10.00 600000 600000 0.50 2100000 1150000 46008549 45998082 10467 4099999 397387 72479 469866 46008549 46478415 69854 125000 194854 40999990 0 185 5473141 189755 5283571 46478415 600000 100 18000 0.03 1200000 0.03 180000 300000 10 819111 2.73 4000000 180000 600000 11.50 10 10.00 0.0150 P5Y 0.50 2100000 15 1 0.3 1831784 125000 0.035 1610000 1150000 10000 12.50 1 1000000 0.0001 10000000 0.0001 1150000 5948000 198000 4600000 5948000 4099999 10 0 0 1848001 1848001 0 565 197739 -198304 8549 -189755 1579640 -0.12 0 0 0 0 0 25000 115 24885 0 1150000 44168216 460 44167756 0 4600000 1980000 20 1979980 0 198000 300000 0 300000 100 0 100 0 40999990 410 40999580 4099999 0 0 -189755 185 5473141 -189755 1848001 4600000 198000 600000 15 69854 72479 -192380 46008549 -46008549 25000 125000 44168216 1980000 300000 100 0 46598316 397387 0 <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt"> <b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Note 1 &#151; Organization and Plan of Business Operations</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">1347 Capital Corp. (&#8220;1347 Capital&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) was incorporated in Delaware on April 15, 2014 as a blank check company whose objective is to acquire, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, one or more operating businesses (a &#8220;Business Combination&#8221;).</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">At December 31, 2014, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2014 relates to the Company&#8217;s formation and the Offering described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year-end.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The Company is considered to be a development stage company and, as such, the Company&#8217;s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) topic 915 &#8220;Development Stage Entities.&#8221; The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with activities of development stage companies.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">The registration statement for the Company&#8217;s initial public offering (the &#8220;Offering&#8221;) was declared effective on July 15, 2014. The Company consummated the Offering of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 4,000,000</font> units (&#8220;Units&#8221;) on July 21, 2014 generating gross proceeds of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">40,000,000</font>. The Company granted the representative of the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 600,000</font> Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any. Simultaneously with the closing of the Offering, 1347 Capital also consummated a private placement of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 180,000</font> units (&#8220;Private Units,&#8221;) at $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10</font> per unit and <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 600,000</font> warrants, or &#8220;$<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"><font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">15</font></font> Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants&#8221; at $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.50</font> per warrant generating gross proceeds of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">2,100,000</font>. In April 2014, Company&#8217;s insiders purchased an aggregate of <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 1,150,000</font> shares of common stock (the &#8220;Insider Shares),&#8221; for an aggregate purchase price of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">25,000</font>, or approximately $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.02</font> per share.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 600,000</font> Units subject to such over-allotment option. The Units issued pursuant to the over-allotment option were sold at the Offering price of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10.00</font> per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">6,000,000</font>. In a private sale that took place simultaneously with the consummation of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the sponsor purchased an additional <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 18,000</font> Private Units at $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10.00</font> per unit.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">All of the proceeds received from the Offering and sale of Private Units have been placed in the trust&#160;account (&#8220;Trust Account&#8221;) after paying for certain expenses and working capital requirements of the Company, such that at least approximately $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10.00</font> per&#160;Unit sold in the Offering is held in trust until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company&#8217;s initial Business Combination and (ii) the Company&#8217;s failure to consummate a Business Combination within the prescribed time. After deducting the Offering expenses, the remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally, the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to the Company to fund working capital requirements as well as for any amounts that are necessary to pay the Company&#8217;s tax obligations.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">In connection with any proposed Business Combination, the Company will seek stockholder approval of an initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for the acquisition of a target business, is required to provide stockholders who acquired common shares in the Offering (&#8220;Public Stockholders&#8221;) with the opportunity to convert their common shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account, however, there will be a mechanism to prevent a Public Stockholder from voting, or seeking conversion for more than 20% of the shares sold in the Offering. The insiders shall not be entitled to seek conversion with respect to any Insider Shares nor with respect to any shares of common stock purchased by them in the Offering or in the aftermarket.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;If the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months from the date of the Offering (or 24 months from the date of the Offering if the Company has executed a letter of intent or definitive agreement for a Business Combination within 18 months from the date of the Offering <font style="TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; DISPLAY: inline !important; FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; WHITE-SPACE: normal; FLOAT: none; LETTER-SPACING: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); WORD-SPACING: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px"> but has not completed such Business Combination within the 18 month period),</font> the Company will liquidate and dissolve and distribute its assets in the Trust Account to the Public Stockholders. In such case, each Public Stockholder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company for working capital purposes or to pay any of its taxes. The holders of Insider Shares and Private Units will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their Insider Shares and Private Units, including the common stock included in the Private Units.</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">If the Company is unable to conclude its initial Business Combination and expends all of the net proceeds of the Offering not deposited in the Trust Account, without taking into account any interest earned on the Trust Account, the Company expects that the per-share redemption price for common stock will be approximately $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">10.00</font>. The placement of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors and service providers engaged and prospective target businesses the Company negotiate with execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of Company&#8217;s Public Stockholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with the Company, they may seek recourse against the Trust Account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of the Public Stockholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may be less than approximately $10.00</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> &#160;</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><b><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Emerging Growth Company</font></b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;TEXT-INDENT: 0.5in; MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">&#160;</font></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0in 0in 0pt" align="justify"><font style="FONT-SIZE: 10pt">Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, 1347 Capital Corp., as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of Company&#8217;s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used.</font></div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> 10-K false 2014-12-31 2014 FY 1347 CAPITAL CORP 0001606163 --12-31 No No Yes Smaller Reporting Company 44298000 TFSCU 5948000 <div style="MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif "> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal" align="justify"><b>Note 8 &#151; Subsequent Events</b>&#160;</div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal" align="justify"><b>&#160;</b></div> <div style="CLEAR:both; FONT-FAMILY:Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;MARGIN: 0pt 0px; FONT: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal" align="justify">On February 6, 2015, 1347 Investors LLC, our sponsor, transferred <font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt"> 10,000</font> shares of common stock to each director and special advisor of 1347 Capital Corp. for a purchase price of $<font style="FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman','serif'; FONT-SIZE: 10pt">0.0217391</font> per share.</div> </div><table border="0" style="width:100%; table-layout:fixed;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr><td></td></tr></table> 10 10 0.5 15 4600000 1380000 10000 0.0217391 EX-101.SCH 7 tfscu-20141231.xsd XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA 101 - Document - Document And Entity Information link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 102 - Statement - Condensed Balance Sheet link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 103 - Statement - Condensed Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 104 - Statement - Statement of Operations link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 105 - Statement - Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 106 - Statement - Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 107 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flows link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 108 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 109 - Disclosure - Organization and Plan of Business Operations link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 110 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 111 - Disclosure - The Offering link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 112 - Disclosure - Offering Costs link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 113 - Disclosure - Note Payable to Stockholder link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 114 - Disclosure - Commitments link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 115 - Disclosure - Stockholder Equity link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 116 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 117 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 118 - Disclosure - Organization and Plan of Business Operations (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 119 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 120 - Disclosure - The Offering (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 121 - Disclosure - Offering Costs (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 122 - Disclosure - Note Payable to Stockholder (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 123 - Disclosure - Commitments (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 124 - Disclosure - Stockholder Equity (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 125 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink EX-101.CAL 8 tfscu-20141231_cal.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE EX-101.DEF 9 tfscu-20141231_def.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE EX-101.LAB 10 tfscu-20141231_lab.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE Accounting Policies [Abstract] Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block] Equity [Abstract] Initial Public Offering [Text Block] The entire disclosure relates to initial public offering made by the Entity. Offering Costs [Abstract] Offering Costs [Text Block] The entire disclosure for deferred offering costs consisting of legal, accounting and underwriting costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the offering. Notes Payable [Abstract] Debt Disclosure [Text Block] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block] Development Stage Enterprise [Policy Text Block] Disclosure of accounting policy for all or part of the detailed information required for development stage enterprises. Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block] Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block] Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block] Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] Securities Held In Trust Account [Policy Text Block] Disclosure of accounting policy for securities held in trust account. Common Stock Possible Conversion [Policy Text Block] Disclosure of accounting policy for common stock subject to possible conversion. Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block] New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block] Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Schedule Of Organisation And Business Operations Plan [Table] Sale of Stock [Axis] Sale of Stock [Domain] IPO [Member] Over-Allotment Option [Member] Private Placement [Member] Insider Shares [Member] Additional Private Placement [Member] Private Placement Additional Sale [Member] Subsequent Event Type [Axis] Subsequent Event Type [Domain] Subsequent Event [Member] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues Stock issued during period, shares, new issues Common shares issued to initial stockholders (in shares) Proceeds from Issuance Initial Public Offering Proceeds from sale of units in IPO, including over-allotment, net of offering costs Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock Proceeds from sale of shares of common stock to initial stockholder Sale of Stock, Price Per Share Class of Warrant or Right, Outstanding Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights Class of warrant or right, exercise price of warrants or rights Warrants and Rights Outstanding Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Other Sale of 198,000 units at $10 per unit in private placement, including over-allotment (in shares) Statement [Table] Class of Stock [Axis] Class of Stock [Domain] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Axis] Cash and Cash Equivalents [Domain] US Treasury Securities [Member] Cash [Member] Equity Interest Type [Axis] Assets Held-in-trust, Current Temporary Equity, Shares Outstanding Common stock redemption amount shares Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Statement [Line Items] Assets [Abstract] ASSETS Assets, Current [Abstract] Current assets Cash Cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Prepaid Expense, Current Prepaid expenses Assets, Current Total assets Assets Held-in-trust, Noncurrent Cash and investments held in trust account Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Equity [Abstract] LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities, Current [Abstract] Current liabilities Accounts Payable, Current Accounts payable & accrued expenses Due to Officers or Stockholders, Current Note payable to stockholder Liabilities Total liabilities Temporary Equity, Carrying Amount, Attributable to Parent Common Stock subject to possible redemption; 4,099,999 shares at approximately $10 per share Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract] Stockholders' equity Preferred Stock, Value, Issued Preferred stock, $.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding Common Stock, Value, Issued Common stock, $.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 1,848,001 issued and outstanding Additional Paid in Capital Additional paid-in capital Development Stage Enterprise, Deficit Accumulated During Development Stage Deficit accumulated during the development stage Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent Total stockholders’ equity Balance Balance Liabilities and Equity Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity Related Party [Axis] Related Party [Domain] Early Bird Capital Inc [Member] Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity, Type [Axis] Option Indexed to Issuer's Equity, Type [Domain] Unit Purchase Option [Member] Equity Components [Axis] Equity Component [Domain] Warrant [Member] Sponsor [Member] Sponsor Warrants [Member] Sale Of Purchase Option Value Of Option It represents the value of unit purchase option sold during the period. Percentage Of Underwriters Discount Represents the percentage of underwriters discount for the reporting period. Payment Of Underwriting Discounts Amount of underwriting discounts related to the offering paid during the period. Percentage Of Additional Underwriters Discount Represents the percentage of additional underwriters discount for the reporting period. Payment Of Additional Underwriting Discounts Amount of additional underwriting discounts related to the offering paid during the period. Sale Of Purchase Option Units Issuable Upon Exercise Of Option It represents the number of stock units issuable upon the exercise of unit purchase option. Registration Statement Price Per Unit Represents the price per unit under registration statement. Fair Value Of Stock Purchase Option Purchasing option at fair value. Fair Value Of Stock Purchase Option Price Per Option Purchasing option at fair value price per option issued during period. Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term Fair value assumptions, expected term Proceeds from Issuance of Private Placement Proceeds from issuance of private placement Proceeds from private placement of units, including over-allotment Stock Issued During Period, Value, New Issues Common shares issued to initial stockholders Percentage Of Shares Redeemed Percentage of shares redeemed The percentage of shares redeemed under the terms of the business combination. Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate Deferred Offering Costs Long-term Debt, Type [Axis] Long-term Debt, Type [Domain] Unsecured Promissory Note [Member] Debt Instrument, Face Amount Percentage Of Initial Public Offering Proceeds Percentage of initial public offering proceeds Represents the percentage of the initial public offering proceeds used to calculate a cash fee to be paid for investment banking services rendered in connection with the company's initial business combination. Cash Fee To Be Paid For Services Cash fee to be paid for services Amount of cash to be paid for services if the business combination consummated. Due to Affiliate Due to affiliate Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) Offering [Member] Common Stock [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized Preferred stock, shares authorized Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Preferred stock, par value (in dollars per share) Common Stock, Shares Authorized Common stock, shares authorized Common Stock, Shares, Issued Common stock, shares, issued Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding Common stock, shares, outstanding Temporary Equity, Redemption Price Per Share Common stock redemption per share Preferred Stock, Shares Issued Preferred stock, shares issued Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding Preferred stock, shares outstanding Income Statement [Abstract] Revenue, Net Revenues Operating Expenses Formation costs General and Administrative Expense General and administrative costs Operating Income (Loss) Operating loss Other Income and Expenses [Abstract] Other income: Interest and Other Income Interest income Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent Net loss Net loss Net loss Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted, Other Disclosures [Abstract] Weighted average common shares outstanding Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic and Diluted Basic and diluted Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted Basic and diluted net loss per share Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Accumulated Deficit during Development Stage [Member] Shares, Outstanding Balance (in shares) Balance (in shares) Stock Issued During Period, Value, Issued for Services Sale of 4,600,000 units at $10 per unit in IPO, including over-allotment, net of underwriters' discount and offering expenses Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Issued for Services Sale of 4,600,000 units at $10 per unit in IPO, including over-allotment, net of underwriters' discount and offering expenses (in shares) Stock Issued During Period, Value, Other Sale of 198,000 units at $10 per unit in private placement, including over-allotment Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Warrant Issued Sale of 600,000 $15 exercise price warrants at $0.5 per warrant in private placement Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Other Issuance of underwritter purchase option Stock Redeemed or Called During Period, Value Common shares subject to possible redemption Stock Redeemed or Called During Period, Shares Common shares subject to possible redemption (in shares) Sale of Stock, Number of Shares Issued in Transaction Sale of Warrants Investment Warrants, Exercise Price Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Legal Entity [Axis] Entity [Domain] Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities, Continuing Operations [Abstract] Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract] Change in operating assets and liabilities: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Accounts payable Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Prepaid assets Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities, Continuing Operations Net cash used in operating activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities, Continuing Operations [Abstract] Cash flows used in investing activities Increase (Decrease) in Restricted Cash and Investments Investment in restricted cash and investments Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities, Continuing Operations Net cash used in investing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities, Continuing Operations [Abstract] Cash flows provided by financing activities Proceeds from Notes Payable Proceeds from note payable - stockholder Proceeds From Issuance Of Private Placement Exercise Price Of Warrants Proceeds from private placement of $15 exercise price warrants This element represents proceeds from issuance of private placement exercise price of warrants. Proceeds from Stock Options Exercised Proceeds from sale of underwritter purchase option Payments for Repurchase of Initial Public Offering Deferred costs associated with initial public offering Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities, Continuing Operations Net Cash provided by financing activities Cash and Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease) Net increase in cash Cash Flow, Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Disclosure [Abstract] Supplemental disclosure for non-cash financing activities Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block] Document And Entity Information [Abstract] Document Information [Table] Document Type Amendment Flag Document Period End Date Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Entity Registrant Name Entity Central Index Key Current Fiscal Year End Date Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Entity Voluntary Filers Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Filer Category Entity Public Float Trading Symbol Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Subsequent Events [Abstract] Subsequent Events [Text Block] Document Information [Line Items] Share Price Sale of units, price per share Note Warrant [Member] Equity Interest Issued or Issuable, Type [Domain] Expense Related to Distribution or Servicing and Underwriting Fees Schedule Of Organisation And Business Operations Plan [Line Items] Subsequent Event [Table] Subsequent Event [Line Items] One Three Four Seven Investors LLC [Member] 1347 Investors LLC [Member] Common Stock Shares Transferred The common stock shares transferred. EX-101.PRE 11 tfscu-20141231_pre.xml XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE EXCEL 12 Financial_Report.xlsx IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#2;URCR@$``.`1```3``@"6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;""B!`(HH``"````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#,F-]*PS`4QN\%WZ'D5M8L
M];^L\V+JI0KJ`\3D;"U+DY!DNKV]IYT.D;DQ''AN&MHDW_=K*!\]9W`];TSV
M!B'6SI9,Y'V6@55.UW92LI?GN]X%RV*25DOC+)1L`9%=#P\/!L\+#S'#W3:6
MK$K)7W$>506-C+GS8'%F[$(C$]Z&"?=23>4$>-'OGW'E;`*;>JG58,/!#8SE
MS*3L=HZ/ER0!3&39:+FP]2J9]-[42B8DY6]6_W#I?3KDN+-;$ZO:QR/$8'RM
M0SOSN\'GO@R00P^-_S=A>FKUPJT4[,&3R"/
M/H#4L0)(C _[I68IN P?XKKV%0TFC1A66O'L^A)7N)G^LPQ^#\Q$[$@%V!_AJ.;2[>QZ%
M(*0:5DV'=<7[RA&[&;L;_N@>0-LOT:#7>/.N/S/\````__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M"````"$`M54P(_4```!,`@``"P`(`E]R96QS+RYR96QS(*($`BB@``(`````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````(R2ST[#,`S&[TB\0^3[ZFY("*&ENTQ(NR%4'L`D[A^U
MC:,D0/?VA`."2F/;T?;GSS];WN[F:50?'&(O3L.Z*$&Q,V)[UVIXK9]6#Z!B
M(F=I%, ;%]XI)2;8M?[J+*+BQJZE/PC8C0=3Q0+\>QRI9$P4 P>J/OH\^;*W-$UO>"_F?6*73HQ`GA,[
MRW;E0V8+J &PO7W)E;',O=V]R:V)O;VLN>&UL+G)E;',@
MH@0!**```0``````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````````````````"\F,M.PS`0
M1?=(_$/D/77&?:.F78"0NH7R`5;B)E$3.[+-HW^/52"A4AE86+.)9$<97YVY
M,YEDM7EOF^1565\>;A8L<5[J0C9&JXP=E6.;]?75
MZE$UTH>'7%5W+@E1M,M8Y7UWR[G+*]5*-S*=TN'.WMA6^K"T)>]D?I"EXB)-
M9]S^C,'69S&3;9$QNRW"^;MC%T[^.[;9[^M D"M!E`Y@GJV$?AP$W7Z=)6TJGCR-GQYN*'9
MG&UCQ@'J+@QH%X:H7?@?905+C`YUD:,U3HT&)0/4:`!E(\@G+734$E&G8N>/
M3?A_T'][?ZZ_? `@```\```!X;"]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6R4EDU/XS`0AN\K[7^( I&J:-J-A3ZB3S>N:=9YQ>7:]+Z7V`L4*K
MD1^=A+X'*M694,N1_^?I_M>Y[UG'5 M7[S4$#9
MD5\X5UT&@4T+*+D]T14H?))K4W*'2[,,;&6`9[8`P=X-4U>WM9#X]"()$S\8=T7.C9=!SFOIGK"\G3KZ%0_B>-B\V5CQ
M+&!E/X.:I;=^$2K3J^95M';3K1),8-4^>A&9*_!Y&(;=O=\@EH7;W43Y@.BW
M#N(^[=53;7D[1]B-RMA4.>$V[$%MW1 /8F9LTU352II9LKJ5(!5`96E,4'NK@!+%9GH/!:!I%:XAZ:.XB
MV$1;1PV,+TC248_)1^T`_=KP5PG,:;9P.GTKM,S`D,T3G,W.P*B'Y$27I7`-
MDW3G9&^6>B"2G=CTO ?,>QH4+17NMZ_!T'!XWH`(SV>MDCD)+#[L!Q(2U[@K6K.9[NG4IST';-
MQ,7!(;=/TC$=VM^X1^01LE"4YD-['?X1VH>-:M%D:-/C/K2'
MX%$9>H3']/C$1?.-:CN`'Z:4RQ2_F,VE_>0,3H=;^X+=GX;Q/P```/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A`+4P-#X*`P``W0@``!@```!X;"]W;W)K R`"58!(]MI
MVG^_:]\4$M)IR0OAX_@ NM)!M1J@?$H^WN2Q$N\W(KY\/
MDP7QM&%MP6K9\HR\ F*YGO&MX:)%&\9@;V
MKRO1Z3>V)K^$KF'J:==- NXY#=(`F-:K0H`#&W9/\3(CMW1Y1Z ZQPB"C3^-+),N:QA`W#U&F%+`R+"7MSO7A2FRL@L]J,D
MG%&`>QNNS8.PE,3+=]K(Y@^"Z($*2:8'$O@]D-#(GT^C9'$!2X`[(7+Y`7*'$+CV
M$-HC`M#LA4'L ,ZM3W\
MX@-BP2.#P_91!R%H&PO=V]R:W-H965T \)B>L"EZPF 6L!`/P[554M08D@E_U[X$6 E,O=AXT&>`CKE91$G
M@UGX`JN;'SG+"QR$;,ZJY:C%5,*I"V0&@.]NII-&"#5UADECA-,=H'3J5@E00_V2U)K-8!==;TT-6CNPQQ=
M8''BN%P:SK`K?^4"J0MD!D`#O=B#8!19GT%V=TK+J@%V0+^&Z]X5V?4^ZK+1
M';(TG)YW%TA=(#-`HJVC!"GGG:AE%C9$W^QM@:M!KNFDTS>F#6>L'0Q- N2*[[L?V1$O#.7E;N4#J`ID!CI&_'_C8
MMGI;X&J0;7GD-KBA]!R[0.H"F0$FIDFRNY.BE:TZ:_0>G]>S563;:#P\=9[I
M#,/I.37` IY=('6!K`=8WN`\
M805Z6P?H4;;+LQ8X DQ5@]:!U^B*;SL``^[&W"6:?"6_,!\2VOAE60#DE$P
MAGW.S6G(7$C6Z/?XFDDXQ>B_.SBU$GA_1@&0-XS)]D)-T)V#%_\!``#__P,`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`;F+?8(`(``(P$```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T T[-DD:)5MU>P,8_OEFYI])BJ>#[-&.&RNT*G$2Q1AQQ70M5%OB']]7
M#Q\PLHZJFO9:\1(?N<5/U?MWQ5Z;C>TX=P@(RI:X FY0"(M>B%.P8H1I+E+ZW2AJY[Z/N03"D[L\/A#B\%,]KJ
MQD6`(V.A]SW/R9P`J2IJ`1UXVY'A38F?DWPQP:0J@C\_!=_;JV=D.[W_:$3]
M62@.9L.8_`#66F^\]*7VKR"8W$6OP@"^&E3SAFY[]TWO/W'1=@ZF/8.&?%]Y
M?5QRR\!0P$3IS).8[J$`N"(I_&:`(?00[GM1NZ[$DRR:/ TMJ:-58?0>P W&)X?HG=Y9 )YK\3R(OODV4WB0:-5FP`"89Q[<=C@LU
M.C[0EG^AIA7*HIXW4'\8+79ERG\>#T$)Q=:P=K$!X[^-5SL#V.0-QH[ ;9;`@``0`4``!D```!X
M;"]W;W)K &ULE)3;CILP$(;O*_4=+-\O!G+JJAZN'3.`%8R1[9S>OF. ZP8R>@9+GQ8?/\R/VNQL!>`($AJ;T ,\5E0P-A9NYAZ**0`M9:
M[!4T+D`,U-RA?UO)UEYI2MR#4]SL]NV#T*I%Q%;6TIT[*"5*S)[+1AN^K3'O
M4S+DXLKN%C=X)8715A 2XQ`U]V8J#(Z#*9K8:4+>9=
M?7Y).-I7]\16^OC9R/RK;`"+C6WR#=AJO?/2Y]P_PLWL9O>F:\`W0W(H^+YV
MW_7Q"\BR 06'!49?@
MFCN^F!M])#@T&-.VW(]@,D/R^QEA*EZ[].*,XE"C68M=."S2T7C.#E@Z<=&L
M@@:OO2;I%0R#]I$QVOV1O=A']K7U5E;AP>LPZ?MA!O\3QHLSBNS>/-:WYX;(
M03/NTD^F@V0R'?:*-PD.WT;V0S/`T?MWB?VFOQU,>WYP$#07!X-IC+]>$1R$
M20Z-5F!*^`1U;8G0>S^E"7KOG_8':)EV9Z!_@0/N"EE8TD-!6Z-HPE.
MK`E'("R&PO=V]R:W-H965T 8CMPZGRZ:*HP\4/'W\_EI76Z*
MTV[E__/WYP]WOE RNI;O DRZ8U9]>SY_6)?'LT[Q5!R*
MYF>;U/>.Z_LONU-994\'O>X?(L[6E]SM!R?]L5A795UNFXE.%X!0=\W+8!GH
M3(\/FT*OP)3=J_+MRO\D[E4R!I[+\9JA?-@;2P8$3_;G=`W]6WB;?9L^'YJ_RY?>\V.T;O;MG>D5F8?>;
MGS*OU[JB.LTDG)E,Z_*@!>C_WK$PK:$KDOUH7U^*3;-?^=%\,EM,(Z'IWE->
M-Y\+D]+WUL]U4Q[_`Y*PJ2!):)-$6KW=+B9Q.%O 28C5820&W:4LNLR1X?JO+%T_VK5U^?,W,TB'N=^5)CJ$A7]=>*
MKJMMDGPR65:^/O!T/6O=*=\?PRA^"+[KO;NVG&2`(P3EI!>.V9DFL>2``D#_
M[[ZISQ'H-74+TSL.+VRX:2[Z#=GHOWQO`@#^FE"$3.P0ARU:#G$BFDWK6X"G+A;=@J`B-I=.)U,F53)`Q0"B%3=Z..E
M&C*7.F=2@8.D`C!OE0H]F?4?#9$\1"&`B-5]C\6:8R#2T^IZRY@@+GI!%23`
M0:(!>+V^/$`A@$B>OT>R">*2[YADX"#)`"R@SG81"@%$\^(]FDT0TRQX
M;P`'),9M)[!62('1KTKB$"%F[K(4"B&K,&<7:&!>;Q)#YNJ7K.+`L8W,A\R):$5#N(=!!E$=O\2]K]5+KQ)=06(Z6#F^$AO>#-+8"#E7-$.AQED;=+
M;LP'Z;[>S@*L"NL-XWYG@JE8$A8,87;L]7YM+?[:5H6ST8H;ZQFO'(R**F=*
M$BW0M#]6SA'I8
MS7B]8$U$;\Q.D1)SNLXJRA'I1#J(P
M0A2&[_*X-HIYG-,)E@0M/&_/@U@/6P;J80=1&*'*F<5=[X30M;;0&6>6]$HG
MV*U8+7)BYL2#8
M[DB[K9>+=^D@"B-4]$V>9^[6L/98 =T.I1.C,$*5WV1^T1CSLR2L&,*&VULZ?(41JM88
MSLT-')DH7F=^]6])6#6$X3JS-I).D,((E6[L!4F_/C4B,"-ZS/$K:$O"DI&'
MP3FFPU$8H0K?Y7.1ZW-AS+W#DF*XO',N0;K-G=,YB,((E V1E@3$3YC!WX200D
ML+MPLF`-G]KM6+?C=YA#=3._&ZE[P/=F_$Y0!*3+':M)O*1_Z@.[TY':"+P2
MR-$C"G/(2F+FB]A)+TE.G?_XSX^7O2-U`<1"%$2J:6>*X\LD1AA.HV?H7:_8UB&S8O-KL$26(@]=^>.HAT
M$(41JI!YX,C*#GDAJURBG]>;Y7P$!^>+!_S
M:I>G^>%0>^ORV3R@#[6A=6CWXX%/H7GPR/!$W,OV"7S0;=#/],_9+O\CJW;%
MJ?8.^5:GG$X6VIHJ^%4`?&C* _WHCU\^1]56Z[VW+LKE\
MT%\<=+\'>?P?``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`=!T>;200``!```8````
M>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULE)==CZLV$(;O*_4_(.X3,$G8393D
M:`%M>Z16JOIY38A)T`).L;/9_?>=P;&QS>D1N2%A>!D_GAF/\?;+1U-[[[3C
M%6MW/IF'OD?;@AVK]K3S__KS=?;L>USD[3&O64MW_B?E_I?]CS]L;ZQ[XV=*
MA0<>6K[SST)KI=9P9H+N#A4
M=24^>Z>^UQ2;KZ>6=?FAAGE_D&5>*-_]S N/&?X^?V>VGKCK^4K44H@UY$OGA
M#UK30M`C9,[W,",'QM[PU:]@"F$0W@MP$/ZO&N8EPE$"/8SY7PWYVJ?MM\X[
MTC*_UN)W=ON95J>S@)%6$`:,QN;XF5%>0!I@K'FT0J\%J\$%7+VFPGJ",.8?
MDJXZBO/.7\3SU5.X("#W#I2+UPI=^EYQY8(U_T@1N;N23J*[$_B]R>=1/"?+
M,'[`Q^+N8ZE]D&@J2"`GU< =CXL,P@$AY2][\-M\`Y)*>Z*1"K@JA7$5J1*@1E`IYEA"(!6(T,,
M3>1OYU&1H1C)E-=$&DR0R`$9*Q:V(ALKEEIAH4+*IJ.B&(K+"-%*>^TCDDC%
M4D\F=0V98;!`(+7305"\\V&2.E>Q`R(5V88+#)80]/)4&R3
M/=OC)E(AR0[?JL14*3298;#(XD?(4&R3K1TRJ5CU3$O8.(:2Z9.;RN=# 3$$MFVS>Y!W/9QUR!?N9_-2#1;0/)+W#=FQ%DW
MJ18/I'*(?JG8I-B8IY/*-FZ1.FTL(5)C)=II.:G6#(#J+;#8@-B?IP/*;FX!
M.M%)B.KX0RLF(T"E&0`-BPT(,WT`$-5V+49N=R%28T8P 0O0:20),38"N56,
M+-G=$LO=91FMG\-PR(0-B/U[.J#L]A;@J-VH'6&HP $>26EYZN.V6B^ML/42/-#(^M"E*(\=\C.Z
MH=V)IK2NN5>P*QXC"/C25GTNNA]8]`,X85SR$_TU[TY5R[V:EO!J.'^"LNKD
M&47>"';I/](/3,#9HO][A@,HA0_D&ULE%A=DZ(X%'V?JOT/%.\M!$7%$JWMFJG:KMK;VXQDA*M5"+$*W
MW?]^;G+3=!)0P0>1A5W+^L+J9WZDM'&`H>*Q>VR:\\KS>':D9 +)G=9DV2EHU
M2%+34]J`?GXLSOR#K 0:*77$JFG=)ZCIEMOIYJ%B=[DXP
M[S !)FV&`\$MBHA;KK*V^H$
M&&;A.IJZJ.65,T@0,Y-)$E/::@W&R$`S?&0!CEV@:D (=IBWNVTH$V%*RL)0@Y)821'251*:282D2G4Q%,]ME$(**9GXD
M/J;F+2*ZB@BXW/#@2+2I)0S,D1*%F M9+RC
MYIJW$LM8A1E($QLL$U+
M]-U,:+Z(2T)UZYF[Y93#WN-!CV-V0J#9H1*!+6K[%4P^-XQF0$;9I3AM67N*
ML%, -.PLSQ"[5@#IT;Y\PC_$E`XC/@3`.\9:SYNQ)ZA_=]A\PL``/__`P!02P,$
M%``&``@````A`&U&2`.3`@``.P8``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE%1=;]L@%'V?M/^`>(\QSH>;*$Z5KNM6:9.F:1_/!&,;U1@+2-/^
M^UT@<9MDJS(_V`8.Y]QS[X7E]9-JT:,P5NJNP#1),1(=UZ7LZ@+__'$WNL+(
M.M:5K-6=*/"SL/AZ]?[= 7%#O[ZA_91N\^&5E^
MD9V`9$.9?`$V6C]XZ'WIIV`S.=M]%PKPS:!25&S;NN]Z]UG(NG%0[2D8\KX6
MY?.ML!P2"C1)-O5,7+<0`+R1DKXS("'L*7QWLG1-@<>S9)JG8PIPM!'6W4E/
MB1'?6J?5[PBB>ZI(DNU)X+LGH=-DDDWSJPM82(PH&+QECJV61N\0-`UHVI[Y
M%J0+8/;.QI"?&,?@]5]6P:,G67N6`D.WPW8+Y7E<93E=DD?(*=]C;B(&WB\8
M^H(A$,\0%`3R.JB_I_F@[VZ?=!W,3)XZ$\FP(YDAH?"QT^VH-]48%!Y
M,9*/!_X80\1,0E>]=C8Y%GQ;R(.A'$="DQ.AB#D7@KZZ/(4>?.IH>B(4,7DH
M+DWA&=:/,CK['UT//M6=#;PQDQ$SCTV5T'P\#^H^@C2E'T>GE8V'./:X$J86
M'T3;6L3UUA]0"CS#['!WK+-0J&$!SF[/:O&5F5IV%K6B@JUIDD,.3#S]<>!T
M'T[01CLXM>&W@4M:0!>F"8`KK=UAX.^7X=I?_0$``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@`
M```A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!,```!X;"]T:&5M92]T:&5M93$N>&UL[%E/;]LV
M%+\/V'UC1"SF67"72(6=L#
M/F-^-"0/E(<8E@HFVE[5_+S*UM4*WDP7,;5B;6%=W_S2=>F"\73-\!3!*&=:
MZ]=;5W9R^@;`U#*NU^MU>[6 6\/7.=K?;=/`&9/'-
M)7S_2JM9=_$&%#(:3Y?0VJ']?DH]ATPXVRV%;P!\HYK"%RB(ACRZ-(L)C]6J
M6(OP?2[Z`-!`AA6-D9HG9()]B.(NCD:"8LT`;Q) __/QY.1`R:"'1BR^?_/;LR8NO/OW]N\ *1R5D1SBB!4-?A.KL$S(P5SX15Q/*O!T0!A'O3&1LFS-;0'Z%IQ^
M`T.]*G7['IM'+E(H.BVC>1-S7D3N\&DWQ%%2AAW0."QB/Y!3"%&,]KDJ@^]Q
M-T/T._@!QRO=?9<2Q]VG%X([-'!$6@2(GIF)$E]>)]R)W\&<33`Q509*NE.I
M(QK_7=EF%.JVY?"N;+>];=C$RI)G]T2Q7H7[#Y;H'3R+]PEDQ?(6]:Y"OZO0
MWEM?H5?E\L77Y44IABJM&Q+;:YO..UK9>$\H8P,U9^2F-+VWA`UHW(=!O -29#`P<7""P68,$5Q]1%0Y"G$#?7O,TD4"FI`.)$B[AO&B&2VEK
M//3^RIXV&_H<8BN'Q&J/C^WPNA[.CALY&2-58,ZT&:-U3>"LS-:OI$1!M]=A
M5M-"G9E;S8AFBJ+#+5=9F]B (K5"MQ:FNP;\G'2]B9P5(;'*`&O
M2]U,8A;`?9.OA`W[4Y/99/G"FZU,,3V^I+!3!Q(AU0Z6H0T-,Y6&
M`(LU)RO_6@/,>E$*E%2CLTFQO@'!\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK,+(]IV]C4MI7RF
MB!B$XR,T8C-Q@,'].E1!GS&5 LY;6TSY1;G-.F*EV(&9\ F_W
M4`BA;JI)6@8,[F3\N>]I!HT"W>04\\VI9/G>:W/@G^Y\;#*#4FX=-@U-9O]<
MQ+P]6.RJ=KU9GNV]147TQ*+-JF=9` 2!=(.SB"
MQLD.VF#2I*QIT]9)6RW;K"^XT\WYGC"VENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K
M.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&,<8[Z4%3]F\=%]0.?#:8,25-,,&G*H&AAQZ8/(#D
MMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`"M($[I$#```Q#```&````'AL
M+W=O .% >)_,3KYE K+M."O,HKKR`M^/O9J5C8L,
MZVX)AS@ F[O >,R_S@&FW*4IP
MH(_=Z?AAZWXCZWN2N=YN8P[HOY*?Y=5G1Y[$^?>N+/XL&PZG#772%=@+\:2A
MWPO]%2SV9JL?305^=$[!#^RY4G^+\Q^\/)X4E#L"1]K8NGA[X#*'$P6:51!I
MIEQ4L`%X=>I2MP:R4*>M&\:K*/%#`G!GSZ5Z+#6EZ^3/4HGZ)X)(
M3X4D04\"[ST)"59!&I$H_C6+ASLR!A^88KM-)\X.=`UHRI;I'B1K8'[?$5C1
MV&\:;);`9B64X647I!OO!4XN[R'W[T`&A`>:@S"(+1?68#@TUQF%LX'6[.T>
M(=34\5H'%BW7T>"M"U2#3NA;.@B)C?LP2\(T&0`3?_0670VV=,E`B_X0DAC=
M)*#)Z'\B"_VTW*X&6[*!)8L0E*5QEL;Q`)CHQE-=/2$AS-GG_:076?KA0(^V
M$7+1]_TTHA\X3Z8[^%Q9@RUE:BDCY*),DY22:(!,O.N87SQ#&CQMY7"D1!P1%.XQJ`P9Z/OCE$VE
M;XLG#)_)^,[R"3&]=$8_=JT#Y:JJNJ,I3,/G?44PAB9;&/NU=X^8OK/\3/]]
MY/^F]"*83?`ZQ!<=B7MQQ,R;BUB!M=#O/+FHG5R&&0[/1->XGVFAK=Q:J#X/
M,&H'F/Z=AD%`=9*.LS;5M_+K%U6>!Q>U@XMNC5!U1I(P)@&OF 6V11/.*6LC?E*(Q+VR2O8=.
M4OVP:ZZ8D@U0;$0E[+,G)8%DRZ_;6FFZJI8V*J@@3@'DCAM@94A#[YS[W(;9F1\31,9_$X`7BPX"T=)
M`K8S5LF_"/*.6I+1@00^#R3)*!S-TR2=OLT284;>X!VU=+W2:A_`K@%-TU"W
M!Y,E,#MG8ZC/Z\[`DHNY<4$^%-`&VO&XGLQ6T2-4D!T@MZ>048N(0+M-`$0O
M3\`%903N70+SEM[G>(N0&687+]S5(GH)C/L)G'?NP`/ACA:%$3+UPDG\NN:D
MK_F^JKN@OG;:T:,V0A:H_>EJ\KHZ[+GCDI]W[,`#U:2E156$8*F3V%\MHE?J
MZ27"#CP0[K80"B-DXNUVI>A)SBZ1=."!Y+AU@I((.2OIIO[%KY0+&DAWW4-I
MA+S5W$5?_7QS'7B@F@X,(Z37W/^4.H&Y<6S\O+1'#[2G`^T#YB`^G\SCN-M[
MO3;#]+]$&Z?3\?Q(3P888LYIXWF!X[2A6_Z=ZJVH35#Q`N92',[@Q=!X6N#"
MJL:/S8VR,.7]8PFG.H>9&H&UL[)W;
M;AM)FN?O%]AW2!BN'0F@9-&'*KO;Y8$M6S.:J;(%R^Y&H[`7*3(E99MDLC-)
MRVKL16.QC]`W`\P"C;F>I^AYDWJ2_?V_B,B,S&124E?-;@]V@#Y89&8 WDNJ5;J8IK-B
MD7U[[SJK[OWMB__Z7YY7U2KAW47U[;W+U6KYBPS!PX.#KQ_,TWQQ+YD4Z\7JVWN/'WU]+UDO\M^M
MLT/WRO&ZF*SGV6*5O%Q,DS>+5;ZZ3HX7;GR6G>Q\/'V=
MW-]]_F#UXOD#O>)>>Y9\7RQ6EQ6O3+-I]]O7V60_>30>)0\/QH^[7WZ?EOO)
M^,"^?++QRX,GF[^LUQHO\(?O\D66'*^R>?7?NZ/5+WRX7F;=+\__8_>PE
MI)@:.8YFZ47WVWJXDZS,"Y%KFKQ.5[V1Z^>.\FJ2SI+?9&F9'$'H:G!$_Z0?
M>..S1[_IONW9]3Z[R*M5F"QL+CWV;(H5VA8 ;=>F15AR.YKAP7,7%10
M_54Z2Q>3C'>P$T-:'8B85E6VZM'I,*TNNQ. OKX*5^.;SG;R^D4&2@62*$$=0_1FJ3+'*GLDN!U=IY/ D!CE[C#`H':?8!?PSMDJQ_WL#FJ[,R8V821O23H73/!P814RE(-B Y69>S4L[@;J'@J[3"SVMGTWRV9HCN
ME+T'DH5?1"/TW7 CKR,3RKZ@\M"\`:W@Z%XN%2X\
MWAQ+A.=D29Q9V$UN>B?HD^.L]UFX7J1RE2.DL0$>()JW0-O?-?/F%]4=YS3%
MQ:-QCT=?>Y]*@`;Z8>W!E>L#,?KXY!W:OIC,UH89"^1S#RA:&%X:F2PQT!J<
M5UZ5. LO\R!Z%=IJ6#.2!_A,S$_Y#
M241OM]T]'8/##.S'@H%D),MU.;E,F:@P9-E]KZT9VU'I3WEW&WV"1J,)6[,(
MX;F.YF]]YR^UJK>#4\=U%)/\VG-PE+P)K#T1:[M$0[=\JRO&3#C[4]DK$A0ITKP9A@R+'Y-R>(&KYG),R
M2LZNDYVU(M-\L8L\&O+`2*438,'&J.W0G)\4('K:0D#SOE&PU0,%W8"O3QT7
MQ6Z.4X49)MJ!7VX\__!JFRV'UUR8*TL\O,E(B-BH@`QR(UQB"^@$R]UM]!9Z
MFQD'>'.>+S`AVQ=[4A:3+)M6R7E9S)/*^S3O'+$]`4,)JBBXW>!ANUMH#[F(
M(^Z]V#-O?R\LQ3F,6SO1VE-N!+'MI?6,L-RYU\4A;[U]T1M'W.(>MH_6D,`#
M@UO8?^":RP'8_I6U*2:YQJR9M_2I;8"M;KKD!2:4,6J?AMQTHN0CFPV
M'@JF2>2[@]O`^(8S _.TKP354QRZ?14&@_4;S[@"&/G$:"4.M%
M5\D/+\^4^IVL>M#]9QG^-4"22)F=PZU-":07[A+'26,G592&`9!DY
M!:AY)=.53HBPRFS$S&6QOKCDY7E67F2E#^#!)9`<2>%*?]CSF4Z)=>W2J[E$PF1
MJ6=!:M'-SX\8[R UQ0#FK5'9M/*LAE]HSE^_,,_X5'JA()\GKY]
M%\*8:59-ROR,:7[:$;Q6\'#N:O(7%.1V0*B+I2F< BQL1K:`&3I.)]G1VMAB$(O:!DRS"0H#.3,$1C)HVO\/:[+D
M0?G;(B,>K^=*I'6_%YZ+T1T6A-AV+MW$?^DIG (X.,G>]-4&F?T0S"#94G62\EI
MB"UMI0EN124"/I\H>9"T,P@5H?*Y%'@_. *$60'D`[VE%]$#Q
M41(;YB2=59JAH67:#U2UG_%35T1PV$P$/?&QB2UW9)3MYD%D!,*N,.@6'F/^
M2DF`(%([S$I.EZR#;T/L)&'7D`33KD[BQ[B!80]'8\?]?8JBWH&HHBUO[1T/
MIBIW)@)F^^A:]C!)+RZ0 BX3B>@@XVG-=DD_';V9DK91Y,">G5ZV\^^ \)`*YV)031ZE
M"IOP^@H2DV09SBW?8.(J,N=^$
M'(P'4*M\GH'6C,S3;+K&74+(UDY#TMC)6TD3$AZ9AQ8`P%HT=@0):X)`A!8O
M=Y,YW@KP9(D0EDO9W=AYYD'M"$Y@<2R'T*'"[2N
MJM3^X@FG)<5BL$J_$*U`) *@_R/]?)9\6EFDA^
M\0+)1=U%OZV;;X&S49*:=E3YA8F]\#^Y#/05NY;BXMO(-9)*HTM"X](%FM)(
M.I;#&RB3&5:B=&A[SX2@Z(%9, 1P`L>E.UD)2@Y&*T0N&\FIO(
MEBH9B_^^(RI:IO,D,`FQ,#0G1IN(&*/5-FG 9&DR42R/M>0KR1_R9'+EA,KF,H)A'65C]+WTI(W(&*5TP+CSF%\-E`KT
M;(7\Q*J0GA9.!7FB90#1DDS_D0G:/"T_97U__. !)U$C-8+ZUTRO9@O
M9QFBK@AWJR)Z-S!^2L[`VC _CX=L\21>C=L$#*3*IK
M3501A_DL3[XZ1U#7%$A5-S
M#\X"##A%.;L/$Y=_'DD*N4R>FZ2>\3L.A8VL+N(7>BQ@&?6!:E-MI@3A(J+76
MEDF4FM)-"\AJ%MOB\LC(0V\,'#&[C;#( @VNVB-:K&V\#8S+Z=JC\2GDG#*YQ`V0AC>#"H5RJM*&(NV_E.GM`'56(@DIN`G
MIP6MN
M=9V1(3LGJF(D3PS+\O4-&WDIGF=D8@4Q(JS<3&(-O+`"1^N2!TMA!*PD-%0^
MRYXR5Z]E#;SK2!)1*YK2F(-9+4@N".BEH`E)0.P5\DD!74ZUPO99+L2LA7GEE,('Z(/>#JQ8NI@'*69&!H0$V5JO>PYY.P>0!DE.#F]N9I<
M.3\GOE[#-Q#;E(,68".B=DE^=PVVWZ)\/@`RW&W8K)-XLCCZ>>?8R!L5321M
M?U<65Y04O0QT'SOUT [.>%?RHF7]P[M7IZ0(3!SHCH:U84#RK1IP
M8HDY,=VT]"S39#'@U@,AN;G(KN1@Y*(4"?D:I0)19\+T+MEIGW)?6X@/7:V1
MHIF(W!VA2VX"JSC&_C2EEMRJ8)(F;(A.8B7>;?4#^>]-J6M@4F$*X,R$%-$%
M.E4SI!L.0SMUJ3LCU1M?D-*$-,65RKK[D`(C'9-!A+T3*9PIK7GA;50(6CT/
M,(L`=BO%R(63K$[D*3PCJ25B[5BPSJVX,-Z#+3-PW>6U _]<3(2FW 9T^8*EK\/3
MU]45RDYN_E"U5$)9^98!E2$'(GZE4S%J@T0$/5"8KJ^5.NK/>_/[HC`;E_68
MRTZ9'E%C@BO0U%-^N&!F7BR%&8KQ/0%L"'CL",[@BXQL%]\/;];BN"U?NZ'$
M!,B!E'K)5;[*Y<>VR*_8ED_(]LJVY//Z1,<915\R8$$#E@`++`K6)O"91(_!
M46=\E-$.1"?8PT#UL.&IDA*J`O*H_(DL%.L[H8]@@JGI6M4-CVSI'[AA\)O[
M`1Y2G/DC1:4[K5'-TI;'.0$V0A]+:G4W\L$ [=MQ8[KJ8:(-(4+U(F05<
MND%A**#OX_[I?GW\@+])!.#_YO*93LH:BJ)?]$(1058AMXCMP4ED)AP>0"I;
MS,BGK)GG$&8.$P)34S-HW2)%N=9@4G:,M[JE,4OUDB-OH2=J2\Y6YE@,63#E
M?4[?6,FW)Q;]JJ^G09>.WUF)$D4Y5;EI\%N'OF&+*&[Q/,F,*:A1\,42P>JH
M]QD.,IJNDWXO=-(OUFHM%T$&DB11 >#]"0[6R-?%<
MVZ1/.:NVD"F7[6F%*Y*5UDK4S:\L7^1H)27I#-V&7]X0V-99JD^5!27'A%/*
M)?Q&(A1EV6.*5S2-VQG8$0G@L0I;,8*@=GK`/:D!H;85",4;ZT+AS8KSG3+C
M9W;HH)Z[]6AGEBY;CU("V%_I2)=8 CEZ:N$/H;DZ4-.
M!R/@T5*_)\N^IOJ`27!JTW0F558EC="GBX`FE(FM $)I_":B,2$1HBFWJ-9L/C)3
M_YZ6Q\,FN=L%P:,U60!BS/$2E;N%FQ6"@6MWW##`..N>,'&M!3E0DJUL9K@-
M1?XD](SQ(%95N@+?!M]Q@,)R:;P@OFPDE(1+7VY:3BCKQ/;#/2*
MG:JF;%C/>9D/;(;X(#D'R!B*(@&E1$42`B\ G#WU'HHXV0RN&;`.$#^IS75/7>T7AQ-DTCOZ,
M'G_]C4NC8"Q%E]YF$2NY!2NC)*=-S\0)/MA.#A_6Q9/NOF7'@U3Z$-=%$L8$
M[VZL;K')I2+'I!(,?;`9O1]WJLEN/WYZ(+.-:9;*K_.*DO-%\EUS$-MIF3NL
M9AUH?C-6\8NS&M@K[`''\*4]8=8=$CO$ @:)0B_#1"LCX22F!2=,`@!I?6YAZ'EFWH$%->LL
M!8""?B$S/AJ17'O!XN%56=0M%BZ)+8V+Z!X-N*;+PTQ?P=DZWXR`2WM%F"@NB6EYCP[Y;$*=G3#9FIP-&5HK98!O6F&3Z>H[KK:LD
M\D[XLAD`W:P'*!6TQ':LGNVE'W%?%(Z`F'6\G\'B*45S>\G'[Q[6RZCP'W?X
MW)3KRARTBYHUB8`TZ;@+TU%OJG *D(&+]
M/2YQ8@W=%I-'&S0%P_SZ;*JRL0U&Y)59L R9Y,/
M+*PFC]+A2"6-O:D0-7U.NDQR;77`/K0Y]N K>>WU.7<30-
MS3RZ:J(ML58L1Y=2`X#85S0-2M#&@)WU>?`R$Z#@.Y5UL/%]EWP+96ENM?#T
M:`[#M@7#'&]D\".=`-GA*@0NG=52=DJ2TB5BC^70B]/CR0=5$F_O)MU+5G[T
M,8O /#Y)X/`O._1=JQ,!T^*=J/.X8;9(6%)=JN#M\HX:>`7BMT.Z,W)<3
M"*N4"5K0BTI*'"K&F:2S;'6EOCM-U>"H*/`P/,U )B%G^R1J?U3BR4,QO/558(:A(NV93
M&]]$^KI8C"J`U&:ZYJ0G1?6ZK?>9MG,A$K,&`3`+`(EXM:\FNX2A`U)(_)PD
MU2;'4"*+19ZSDIQ3E9F['.3>$A-LG7RBD1_%Q*DVSF:-//ZQZ,^J3"1KM*8-
MX[9&$=/B=Q&P5$O6)36&FRR+0MZVM-JR';EP7%%VQ5H,W/.8BW6YH%3'DZX2
MY64&4IG?;BA`DKH]Q5PV%!Z(HWN.HWLP @)[E'5I3YP$95&1:-E!H+4
MP"R^R1D:E^$C95,7?_)U%!J;1M2UCWWN9U()RN.\0U>`,.YGM?#+TUIAP/II
MP4*"I;QD Y JR&3X
MCSD8'LMCRZRY+Z/=.B]I6X$6)N7N[5`TXB42#1:Y8`B`]W)AZ%=$-Y_2,$K#
M67."@*F0@T'2[+(J*7*S!/YH%F=&O8=2]Y/OFV00:W,1Q0H<0T,9]MC0L^AL
MM2FUF:$+R,CGG&JIT=OE31IZQ])&:Z]QQE2A!-,8(*GYP4$A0).">!!:JR8[$-)6;UM`B1(/CB329$-:0I"KH:X=07'*`7)).>,B0&F.XE4D&1B=&+=[2'Y@>JS`HY4.HR5<6
M0BRW@BI=M[\HTN>T4I=>-
M.CHH4M_)%[0\ +K#P-9G)'6M.C`_ILK]%1
MZRG79F3]Z8WUQ-$G&WM319[QPY`,KIMV!T_FZ7E;%$K#L64\'[S4H=>_8&XL
M""_:F1;#5U%LQ5>A#Y8=M"V"G0-S[UJ.*K807[W8< +Y+0.;_WQ-U7=MY0Q>L/[\[9%Q\,C1T
M=7OL8>I'="I_Y84NF&Z,XA1CMTL-WU#1E&5$0G&:)X&W`=-YY=^84K'MIHZT)/?,ZXA\BC?J`M)_,WAX_WOI_(\/F%,BTM`#EOZ \G3+Q
M!L7EW\T&AJNTK"XT,'%L*/72&6Z(Y,"E )
M1;+BA/W4=`,H)B[EYG# *(&T@X$-I9NH]9+\$$I+G/2+.L\/T?!B2!^II4T&!6CX3"L3WT7
MXEY#:=]>W/A*\=H.%5>9D\Z>]TXGX#LA>BOI[I.^,
MO?-BFLW ] >/3P=.MC>R)NV$T2TK>-R-7>]-^(DOBU"6!ZQJ9EB6PC7"MSB8@A[_R?=
M"O$?^MQ_L/4F3HU#J5T!DA$<2!>1!88">C9_SEHKNRK.ZJY\DSZVRJE-6
MLS3*ODR)N"9*J''B#?VR]$ZL`SA+A>PBNK]HS6J>^AN?!!QXRD]G?//TL:[)
M#)T'?/K(7YR"BZE7:0X<9[;K\H.D.X&--N'FLJASZ7B?3M`9%M13[[ -TUB-UXLIJN,_IC<824?8%"`$36"N#]V
MEZ0T -NY519[.^^^[0F;!P\X:$QF [D5U5Q 0Z527>S($*^@`LY3>\\YYH.@K,]V'H5M0_>LM(1F\Y^[V0]QD6[XV.8O&
MZZXVEBNYKG`D3_3LH$VHK)HL#PETIE-.&`F`]N]BT-?;F"9^^0H50P%`!<>H
M18'NU`;$B.&(7Y`=M3_1Z%A#3J$Z@Q4W3>5DD_TOA6 4U&1/5I!VIU:\,$AW%#H8+\5:"(/M
M(.E_;FW+O-3L6'#O!N7N"NMQ,#T_\ B4J/A""6B71':4#FDC-IL39I<3=6U
M[IB:D*KF\A@MI).[,>;H!,+VW$TG`5:7;F&]D(;T1+9J
MV#>988-"M\_168!67TX!12V2TS$YU)N\\'IA:JNT0>A)VY1U,H.JU74N2?%T
M&MJ\K49]@5%B(3P;^S8\6TF"K7_^5\
M UEJ#R2/E@5E$5SW5(Q2L8=N*
M32>K$JSZHE>[LFQ!72MI$8NW9%W;MR)1E*S3D=Z4X,67$A\GP/Q+*JU];Y%D
M&9+F=2FY+@%1!G+OAN%UO4RX
M?VU* F`1B ( %H)Q%:4O+7C@CSD,#8P5\]`,9@UDA8U(7IW59FXPXP
ML4T%!K8RP J(#N.5E+9AQO>>$1@WD=/F8
MD-"PH5WZ42\ICT'XZ]I__=B;)]X(3A,["F`)'R:@_"IPZ[!CKYZQ#:=M1$:-
M6[%6-)6(.&NY%+W`,[J)K>*0C75)U$&N (*DQL:.0$/J/DEKQ_DM[1`OU3(BX7KA$"?X!\0-
M)$+'N*Q-OG*WS5&P2#]SJ[3U+OJH.BP)?OF2O&]LID_&Y8;#$R[2I@O"V,__
MM_/)\:[)CBE-"OWB6_(IY%H.6!5VUUC4SP9/>HT3-[1$1'V ]SOE51:;@R-OS.7 C/=O=P(W0D"3!\!CX(>JG`^%[5A@SZ*PMQ&
M&:Z>P"![RAO^Q90VS3#M:%8B76#,.]!YUZU_W9JOM"40-OUG9
MCVBW<>JQ.<0YL-#(* W(VK;MU(L"%:->=>!W9UI_.N.G<1B4%D
M[DA5=G]*'E=$S 9NC;>^.#>P]>
M/)\4,X>_YAD?Z9/RB`JT>^0#MJ1*WG)8Y3W'&A;Z]IR3A4`#-X(^>&"#KE[\
M^4_U3`^JG&GX[^K%NP57I)QQ"HI^@J_-JCSQ%_-U&@JX011\0;ZIT'7J'DZI
M(/GD76N ('67=P]UDX^,F_WC37,1
MT5T&.6UN$/W[C)N0CA?MBM)M*!K[-1CI+ FSVL3$HY5;>N-.RQFF7EG
M@/W(S.*'[A&U?D+Z;[/S*Z/#LW=`S]#6;L/H=X+$W=U!X,XO2S^MD^-M-.R_ W3YSRVKEP6JA]KT(H[?+AC`\[F%;J$)W'PY&
M9(@WIPX1#O\(NRP=]#\)*,Y;KU_9Y9Y\X?[N3AN&K>W(T/RUW;IJK)U%Y.JL
M8Z/J`JF!HW_&[)8+V[OS*M+KK75H;E.4#7MSX:)Y$G7Q?81$S8\_#F[Y?7PN
MYE3-5);Y:7R#ANVN-X)[#.SL8X?4?\$KD4/:S)YH6NQ:..$QPM)7GY(CG=XX
M#M=/O& )V'2?>F).QO -]TY6/\6E^Z@6'
M>VIY4!D'^=;:T.B#(QHJNB.^53H/PQ9LOLF(;P;?!!3K/G.03>@SMS&"%HR2
MCZ>OD_N]L,D0(;_E:(FI[BH^WCAL]PWKP`<7X"BE!Z/D2*EMY\FZSPIJ^>;M
MVW,DLMV%+C5QW5*^][((AQ^6WL[VIE1P8\VU=KV/G5JT3+#/4G>?=ZHI.ZTT
MA V9T3]D2/B;XGOD[/;QS=,]4AAMO3H;:@;HG;@'8MNT$6>NOH
MYC8V+:.;B:EU;5/>(?IRL]B1O-A/#GSFXJ;UU*,E_V/#H8GZVYN'V1*-Q+@_
MP#8#2C10X65[8RM`<0:W^>I!5:U>_!\!````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`
M8P]:4'L)``!$2```#0```'AL+W-T>6QE W*"?K?>^[P,3/6:U11F@A9
MBX\Y]]S'W)FY'''T_2H*C?3\W`!%G8_,YSQ?7K5;F/?N1FUTF"S_&
ME7F21FZ.P_2IE2U2WYUEU"@*6U:[?=6*W"`V"X3KR%,!B=ST9;FX\))HX>;!
M8Q`&^2O#,HW(N_[P%">I^QB"ZJICNUZ%S0[6X*/`2Y,LF>>7@&LE\WG@^>LL
MAZUA"T@WHW@9.5&>&5ZRC/.Q:=6GC.+*A]G8O#*-0N5I,@.)/_]GF>3?_;'X
M\^[;=^_:__[FNW_^Z,_^] R A'SL3NY%?
MW#%UP^`Q#>BVN1L%X6MQVJ(3+##*^Z(`;J*3K4+">>4\$IM*IP'1D'3JTAE1
MIP@JN71RMT[NKQMTDF3U]LLZQGZ2+*;%;KT:D[4>%VLV/$96[2M!3OKT.#8=
M!SFDTVZ3646'G4C8*ZWTA@UVG2E'L$.N_[
MMV &Y\
M""(_,^[]+\:/2>3&9%AQ4&-W2V.R%'A-PC,I&<0'85A/J;I=FG3@S,T(L[O<
M3V,'!T;Y_>%U@2E'C(DH\6X5]^VY^REU7SL6&WC5&F1)&,R(Q=.4373*@69Z
M=>=,[YA#P6!H=SNVS8S\6$9T$,_\E4]KE955=!KL
MJRB_:>ZK`@--7A48:/)J8Y//,@,/M7M58*#)JP*#H[W*5E=8SSTFZ0S/$ZHB
M>:>-M51Q[F84^O,'JFOWFRP+^/29ZC^GXSF@7N4Q*[(;ZVJA;5WQTM
M\7P"CR+&9OX<>"\0)BU_BSEV(>)4$NKL8-.LV^[;[;[=LZZ*A4U#HB-_%BRC
M=>UJV1O]!S.2;? @FF1%TKW*;9@KF:>5FR`F*A"0K%%$SKR
M C;UUL.,,VNVB\J,J9S>@0'Q#
MQ&PF(;19M^?>)ALLNK?-H;HBOZSUC8E%'S:+W*#IGA;K>NYIL$'+/2U4=93C
MIO*N!%XO\2D];V#RQM[2[;MHE*D>(X?GA^$GRN7_F-?#!RH7-Z/57'@8BF>5
M]+20GK725Y0'RZ_%4%$WR(>=E.UQ
MC'RL[3 4,MMZ1?R=VCI
M2.GW*#,+^1:!SLV,@QT$CA*Y+<7J2C&"V]'3N`EPL,,$#D;=9H:\SK: @6?)W2D$>.,9A`HZ,J00C18NE*D
MR$%7CN2NL'2E2(&"K@PI>D)7BA0YZ,J1@BMTI4B!`BRB)4.*GM"5(D4.NG(D
M=T575XH4*.C*D((GNB=.D2VQ;%H4487Z:^O^JGQFJ^MY#:V;9H@M^KYL7J
MJ5@YPA=L+24LI>DG)FY5.S6>DS3X#8M,^JF)AV*JGYKTTZ0\\,0S7U)W\>"O
ML!0M'EFLYMMKO6!2U3?>!J/,-\H/&
M>B@UZ!<3^(5G^T_&A?'>H]$(#B] ,QDB:YGC+#-LL)L7) )%P,(ZXE`L()18-/45L!!3AV)!?('5A;8"%I["'HR%Y4B)10L3
MSLM&CCZ4%YJ46++M>XJVMS?YD2WA.2]26867B,7]2`M``0LJ'XK%_4C+!P$+
M*A^*Q?T(A@*6#2&'8G$_P@LB%L+M4*S:CS9E.:YC3]'V5QO]*, (E8
MW(]RK'858U7$XGZ48Y54/I07]R-0!7O9N'`H%O>CG"=LQ3PAZLC]*-N^IVC[
MMQE5CGA+,>(+%.X[?!-LA)^2*=FH0.%>DZ.\JQCE!0KWEQS?MF)\%RC<4\`3
M-+)Q0<7K!4KMHZYL75O1NA-W5F5=.6`L19/@70#>,L0[&A)ZPP-;3^(%`J)"
M5#U446CZ['LOQA3;@VH@N3_0,*H"=+=:A&[LYDGZ:M`:LH:3G=Y3A/M+DM0V
MDA$L'*H0^BO>AX%7;1BP2V$A.89I[GX(3-T79//0`Z5#8-"Z8"/''Y7^#X%!
MZP)&3JHT?U*!^1`OEK6'Y%Q*0[>\@J(]+Z6D@&-(=6(?[W92Z8D3W9Y>.N
MI9B7'H( Y/:B
M9T\GM[?.L&VUI_^%R>CU.M=X/\L1KZ]AK]E!G:QC7V &ULG%G;;MLX$'U?
M8/]!T'LMD[XD-N(4L GA59MH5:EB$I3?OW.]30T@SI.G+ZT,1'
MAY,SPR$/+3Y\_%X?E<16*T3@,LF-:;O+C;A7^\_>G#_=A4#?)<9,<
MRF.V"G]D=?CQ\==?'E[+ZFN]S[(F@`C'>A7NF^:TC*(ZW6=%4H_*4W:$)]NR
M*I(&/E:[J#Y56;)I!Q6'2(['\ZA(\F.($9;5D!CE=INGF2K3ER([-ABDR@Y)
M`_KK?7ZJS]&*=$BX(JF^OIP^I&5Q@A#/^2%O?K1!PZ!(EY]WQ[)*G@^0]W 3(S\%R67PWU\\9`,#CR1G]J9^#/
M*MADV^3ET/Q5OOZ>Y;M]`],]@XQ,8LO-#Y75*504PHQD*R,M#R``_@^*W+0&
M5"3YWOY\S3?-?A5.YJ/9W7@B@!X\9W7S*3 1(3,?S&Y1,;0S0?HXQ&ZPDPMJTI59)DSP^5.5K
M`/T+V=>GQ*P&L83(YQIC1;JJ_ZSH4"@3Y,E$686P\*">-73*MT 4#-FD=):R
M1H!*D4(Z^B]Q)IRC+G`X0U]@B&G'82E!0]&4S/1-8*%=3\T,`AXIJA2S+GY;
M^#5RIEWZL0LH%]`$8!JA<6_7:`:M0JA$-_%2S!V-R+EK^VTZ;O]Q1DP90LP,
MA3,4,OH\-0%8%K`X;L_"#'*SN.,*ULCI%<0NH!"88YY3,;_W2J')&*9Z_A[5
M9I"K^MY1C1RBV@44`C@[TI2>1]!D`)-\QR5?;V5#=J4N^!]:(P?+Y^Y*,3[L
M\U`NH`G`=)IC!MDYK^LT9*[SWI6)E%Y)[`(*`9N(LV`U83.9BUMD&C*7N7"F
M;8T4(M,%E`MH`C!I`G8J6L)ANUM/U
M34P@Z=HN9BE],LI#-$6X=.,FMTM'#^+2W9U+((E)=]HEMARJ'4?UB*8 BV($[6>
M''N(\A!-$:[46,3M2M%86$T]'S:' 1UN$*N_;C$LWYD&DO]'`:#5 PBRN-HBW@F
MR-4:#QFN%AV'J97]R1N/D0))M%3 8BF"%=LK&6X8C0BJGCAG,[7
M@IB5+:^+*(^C*.'.VB'0W"DO"0DO!_ >"=E"?A*8(E^RXWAN2?;?S
MOF!(Y%S^_A#;I[TTY2&:(ESL33XG+_BYL4[G%'NE866\1VL?\M77E#-$68
M/B:?@^W++?VH -X-'9V$=4]/[^WTQ3A>M_E>),+CB>=S6IM
M250W#K,>>/%5E#=(4X1+=RQO6(],+EB?=%^J61*5[IJ;\CB:(ERI8W$#E:+5
M75]W$R11I2ZB/(ZF"%?Z+FN;7+`V;]U9$E7J>I?R.-HB=K\VQZ;NZ,R%WV1N
M1X=`>"*KPXP@]-
M>6JO/)[+!BY\VE_W%(R`P``^`D``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE%;;;IM`$'VOU']`^QY@P3 T'V]AGSYDS,\RPNGTK"^>5*RUD%1/J^L3A52)346UC\OO7X\V"
M.-JP*F6%K'A,WKDFM^O/GU9[J5YTSKEQ@*'2, >IY. ,$,Q*]S
M4>L#6YE<0E 1M08?&"&K5=*
M[AWH&M#4-;,]2)?`?'"&<71>_V<5/%J2.\L2$VAW5$:,:VT']G7>65HM^/ *L]/A1$R=AI=HV/!0YT@Z)L%
M'2)F4,RNW`.'%'KGV.)E26Y.G<0P:J@6=$&:J9TL%^>Y09^*]R,"$]""QJFF
M5PVG!GVB-1H;+:@U.HVBA;_HXQFF^ZJ91`9'?7 &ULE%7+;MLP$+P7Z#\0O$>T%#]BP7+@
M-$@;H`&*HH\S3:TD(J(HD'2 0!C)6Z
MR6@<32B!1NAY+S6#63T"2R]7'_^M-IK 0H;$9
MK9QK4\:LJ$!Q&^D6&OQ2:*.XPZ4IF6T-\+S;I&J63"9SIKAL:&!(S2D *9NUL Y#^%F=K3[IFO`#T-R
M*/BN=C_U_AO(LG+8[1D6Y.M*\Z=KL`(-19HHF7DFH6M,`)]$23\9:`A_[-Y[
MF;LJH\DR2BYF\6R.>+(%ZVZDYZ1$[*S3ZF]`Q3U78$EZ%GSW+.?S:+:8G,?_
M)V$AHZ[`:^[X>F7TGN#0H*1MN1_!.$7BMRO"4CQVX\$9Q:'&7"UVX6$=+Z ^M3N0J!L4SRMLSY1V0\.*/X?$E^
M.1MX@W+`3+N!&= EN>G"G/MC9
M1\(Q&% +N8Q:'H^U(>?"@5(J,.A8,=
MYEZ!*>$+U+4E0N_\H4UPDH?H\A+NN"EE8TD-
M!5).H@5:9,)-$19.MY@E'G;M\(!W/RN\T`&'>>+]++1VSPL49L-?Q/H?````
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`;!EA(C\"``#1!```&````'AL+W=O QD A"*3UV)8T^F;^F1\O7DZJ)@ 1;J'!
MDT(;Q1TN3 /,'112`%K+?8*&A:4H\@E/"6%
MT587+D(:YZQ&4-2ML@E*O!M)P:*E"Z3^6I(6;;H^O-+PM'>?!-;Z>-G
M(_.OL@%L-H[)#V"K] 9+0-1:`3Z*D=P8VA)^Z]U'FKDKILV
MTB,I$7OKM/H=@I(+*D`&%PB^+Y!D%#T/1I/I`Q06*NH$KKGCVR#?6;?=%_**FS C:,)6L@$3X:%TVTWUZUVZ*7NL\)?!V!WX@B#"ZW==>%=W_^,LC\```#_
M_P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#/I645`@0``'0.```8````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M &ULG%?;CJ,X$'T?:?\!\=X! MU(?$_/'OTUUD&ERD=9Z6K*:)^4:Y^7G[QZ?-F;7/_$BI,"!"S1/S*$2SMBR>
M'6F5\A5K:`U/]JRM4@&7[WSJ;G+6-5`B%U1%N)-!36-*EM_.=2L
M37 W8+$U6_VD
M.O"]-7*Z3T^E^(>=_Z;%X2B@W3XHDL+6^=LCY1E4%,*L'%]&RE@)"Y.":F&ZS\T'8)P(T=Y>*ID"%-(SMQP:I?"")=*`SB=$'@NPM"
M_)7G^&&T((J%&2F!CZE(MYN6G0V8&N#D32IGD*PA\F5%($5B[R4X,6&J(5D.
M;7C9QO[&>H'*91WD`2'PV4-(C["`LRP[$L6A
M/R`F]81!&M=SF5"Y2!,::D(1,A 8EM:\2(Z8A)[+C1@)@PQQ]A
MEN!I0XD];$"4C)AY1PGLB['&92.D5NEBA\V(E!VH4^L%M@T-OE)I(BUD 2%G.A!8_L@]N`.'2>"
M4+KCVZ,YG$P9T8QK80IS!R.V;I4J=&)B"O!?=3V'"Q[FP;W;WB+_B&>[37>Q
M#H0Y>!X)(H4XKH3G;PDK,+8[8NL>1L :Y,X5H.FN />4>>__@&`7C/F'B_D.\E_?OB]C\```#_
M_P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#988#^\@(``-@(```8````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M &ULE%;+;MLP$+P7Z#\0O$>4_)9A.4@:I`W0`D71QYFF*(F(
M)`HD'2=_WR4I,[:KZ^>F1D] 89?N,;7Z\^?5CNI'G7%N4'`T.H,5\9T2T(TJWA#=20[
MWL*30JJ&&KA4)=&=XC1WBYJ:C.)X1AHJ6NP9ENHCTGJUAY]`U5#UNNRLFFPXH-J(6YL618M2PY4/92D4W->3]G$PHVW.[
MBQ/Z1C`EM2Q,!'3$!WJ: [4&WM?DE=]^X
M*"L#VSV%C&QBR_SECFL&C@)--)I:)B9K"`".J!&V-,`1^NS^=R(W58;'LV@Z
MC\9)13P+_/4DRC2:CZ7QQ!@OQ$;D$[ZBA
MZY62.P15`YJZH[8&DR4PV\S&X(^/(^3Z7JJ0HR6YL2P9AG*'Y1KVYVF]6*S(
M$UC*>LBMA\`Q0)*`(!!,B`BB.(SH;8_WPA9LA:WG-I);?^-09O2VS/@2&0O.
M,'"'X!=IH/7"'C)SR2?3\/`HM LC$U>ZAA5!4YUMHP0.=
MUYWQ.AXR=[E-9K']A4B.$IQ=(FS!`^'7O?+"'M*;^H[F_!)-"QYHCD,J7M-#
M3DVUS?S@3?FX+BUXH#,TU4.\J4FZ>-?3]!)="Q[H#CWUD(\]3:`%G)^L0P]4
M)P-7>\RIK8EM#&?[ZM`#J:&Q/<8[^U&UPLBX1-JWEL,FD`Z]=8P93MV;$D?#
M-N`'C.^_#5 P%SI:,E_4%6*5J.:%[`T
MCN;PCBH_F?R%D9WK[AMI8**XTPJ^(#@T20@,HT)*L[^PLR]\DZS_`P``__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`]Z9GLG0[!0-0D
M1DFZZ?[[+;L"V!6:"=,/';!/'9U39;MBYE_>RX/UQNNF$-7"9B/7MGB5BTU1
M[1;V/W\_/T6VU;19M 8X
M3;[G9=:,Q)%7,+,5=9FU\+7>. PB&VVR+G
MB GW^IB\[VH.&0;ZB0KL!;B14*_;>00!#N]
MZ&=5@3]K:\.WV>NA_4N 2HV[7YA3X*1'[H3!G!KS9OVN9"4MI6_-JTH_T,0ZZB09-R1
MP+,C8>XH\GTOB,+A+)..!9X=R]@;,@P?G
MPL&\JC(E69LMY[4X6;#V(7/-,9,[B 0=9-6'A*X)B6]`F`E);D#&)B2]`9E&K'R.K&YP%9
M5^(K. ?64VC,$F>=R8#"+&0F(,(5H9E6D Y#"*:(Z(9(2C1\U@0C1FI5XP0K(<74`>4(`Q]0I#J!-=PPU[X,_9D$+%'
MSS"$:"7!@ D,,5BL)\^=RC_B(.Y`Z.#)8V0^N4'B][;1A:17-=E1'S>'?=@P1YK;BFF]
M6M4Q[D9,NV0+]:)2?<2LBVR?FO3[AQG#9JM+#GJ2]8;]Q*)IZ!-(W-%\LGMN
M-W3E/NTB._>$W#0F&^MP8]B&=6,1Z6HK>0>"XPY?'OUQ-/%# -?$.-/%+*X[JKK(6+5P0U<W5'0%X*T1[_B(WX^4GAN7_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`PZS7
MP+$%``!4&@``&0```'AL+W=O .W;L.!#W9;5,
MCN=X?.R3P6R^?I87[YW434&KK1_.YKY'JIP>BNJT]?_^Z_G+@^\U;58=L@NM
MR-;_01K_Z^[GGS8?M'YMSH2T'F2HFJU_;MOK.@B:_$S*K)G1*ZG@R9'69=;"
MQ_H4-->:9`<<5%Z":#Y?!&565#[/L*ZGY*#'8Y&3)YJ_E:1J>9*:7+(6YM^<
MBVO392OS*>G*K'Y]NW[):7F%%"_%I6A_8%+?*_/UMU-%Z^SE`G5_ADF6=[GQ
MPR!]6>0U;>BQG4&Z@$]T6/,J6`60:; MOP_7CVGL![L-+M`_
M!?EH>O][S9E^_%H7A]^+BL!J@TY,@1=*7QGTVX&%8'`P&/V,"OQ1>P=RS-XN
M[9_TXS=2G,XMR)U"1:RP]>''$VER6%%(,XM2EBFG%Y@`_/7*@FT-6)'LS=#F/0X![+Z1IGPN6TO?RMZ:EY;\"Z Q"P\"PK/W)Q[',RYDY)L%5[=>3N!`Q
M,"PY5"&7"4ZCP21`L-$D*(P7$J2M)NR`Z:O)P,@NEU-$^%[I5[70\[(]NX()
MW=XG;)">7T3Z>H7QTE[*4J>\3<7`.A6/#/5A-CIYIS/P0)]0SI?O!`'2]7F0
M($V?E0L[`^M%B 4&7"O,"?RZ6,J\]-*<3"/DC@`,\CAU(8M>ADV@
M7@FLQ)WEDX:A.$0(QBI[2)2'Z!4Y^0-[*YEB\9!%+,,A[M0AK4%-.IJK'2;$
M$BA-K$0=/[TT)[\(AX;1A2QB&9XQS?U":1Y**Q'2M5)[5"_(R2O"H5F(T%"K
MR#"+VUHA&H]L7ZM$^AO7JD/I6BE%M=(B=N0GFS"B= $;3*XTG-!CX$"=I0OI -!BPT28
M GJ?@6B#C26P^49B^,9MFT J5K?5.B9-3(-JH:-0I$IM33.F=3M_8M36<
MC-U&AL6=>I2L]]!&PZMI\.1AO8>.S?(DCM9[\&3+DX0]6=F>I//UGE_>FSPA
M3,`V`B9FG1=,"RJQD(=`#C &*=5@33@F]X,":0\X([_6MV(M^S^E14
MC7 >?*2T[3XP`OE[
MT.X_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`53B
M61P&M$QYQLKC+OSG[Y=O#V$@%2DSDO.2[L)/*L/O^Y]_VEZX>),G2E4`$4JY
M"T]*59LHDNF)%D3.>$5+^.?`14$4_!3'2%:"DLPDNX@HBW A=%^:PKT+Z,7V?D>R!.__"I8]CLK*50;^J0[\,KYFW;]D6D3
M'(X&IU],!_X4048/Y)RKO_CE-\J.)P7M7@`C36R3?3Y3F4)%( 0
M`'P&!=.C`14A'[L0`S#+U&D7)LO98A4G"-R#5RK5"],APR`]2\6+_ZP3,DG9
M6":U9Z+(?BOX)8!^@[>LB)X>M('`34XV0IOE6)*0G0[RJ*/L0AA4P)=0V??UB.";-J4((UN2O[R-,C:62/K ZU2,3TJ(':M'%KW
M0&LG&,JK$XY;)Z?`@'A[@;6S06\K7%OL7'4)+MVX9I;08C9)4)]S(6I+MXL(
M(S^;E8OZ];AH9Q>JM@S9:-GMW8S5ZH9VZ7,N1&UQV8Q,Y=I%_9J-=G:A:LN0
M#8+)Z--!,9ZM)KMC3KHHC /=0],!P.0AU9,*/7%X^3`]
M 31R;0$H1^2B90JQ-7E-KD `W)36`,A0%YE6$YPN@N:4!#;6A,'D8>=;B%
MT5` (!#FI`O3F-S!NSXH'5)8W^^;
M!\]X]]!T`#`-VX0]`I&LXNG+9`[V4&K-]A-%0%$P"6Q>N"9U=^NU<75!SI+S3/99#RLU[G,2S$K;5]U7@T3X.^?;YY
MM*\@4?L/O`)4Y$C_(.+(2AGD]``Q8W,OA7V)L#\4KZ#,\"+`%2S_YNL)7O8H
M+,5FX`^ &PO=V]R:W-H965T K3Y^
M6.R$?%(E8]H!AD8MW5+K-B%$I26KJ?)$RQIXD@M94PVWLB"JE8QF9E%=D=#W
M8U)3WKB6(9'7KTVOH:BJ?MNU-*NH6
M*#:\XOK5D+I.G29?BT9(NJG`]TLPH>F>V]R YXILNE&P7>))S.;@/`.QNF]"-'3M=)MTJ+^J]%
M!1V790D[%KCN66)O.O.C*TB(W9$Q^$`U72VDV#G0-2"I6HH]&"1`?-X16$'L
M&L%+%[H:]JJ@#,^K(/87Y!E2EW:8>XN!WP.F1Q`0[95![7IE!*,RYA:W @
MJ-_.*)O01M=G$\%&O4]G%S$--^*-Q[S8^=$-!;K(L&!!/#GO93;6
MO"R%X+%4%SGU@L?QH-?-6SR'$EP6P%5C@2XR]C(][V4^UKPLA>"Q5! \&-6CE7VH;&C^+RC`%!#Y %ZD*#8\%.$WO8UDP6[!.K*N6D8HN3
M(H3CLX_V4VQM]G\ I[D-5&UL
ME%;+;MLP$+P7Z#\(O,=ZV/%#L!PX#=(&:("BZ.-,2Y1$1!0%DHZ3O^\N*2N2
M[2;VQ9!6PQGN['+IY R8;5\"672E`#KZKP
M=:,8S>PB4?E1$$Q]07E-'$.LSN&0> 5N"'\C*6TVUE?LK=-\:+TD"YKR$C3"S.
M7N^83L%1H!E%U\B4R@HV`+^>X-@:X`A]24@$PCPS94+&T]'U+!B'`/ "VP"L6L$)P3Z
M$60T&/B\"N?3I?\,2: U\902C,KJ"6[EU@;Y,=%IF
M?(D,@L'6_N;GLX[7*3O,Q+K:SV=RB1""P7+(XLVF^?Q`J05!H_5`BPXTVZ"'S
M/C0LRG^.3XCGN>?>!VJ(/E!K0\=UP>[O4V-AHG`V^K`N=N&!2CL/AI49GZX,
M#/F!\` P+JRKMI7*+`SV"6=E%N\MF;1D/
MXY-X[2XAO_L"ET!#"_9(5_^P.Q^@SU`@``
MI`@``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULG%;;;J,P$'U?:?\!
M^;U]?]U66*W*P_?UKM
MA7Q2!6/:`89:Q:30NHD\3R4%JZAR1),)65$-CS+W5",93 LAK(>FV!-\O04B3`[=Y.*&O>"*%$IEV@ @7X#6C44=T\0`?'Y7"`)Q&X0'!/8CR"CH(#/ZV"^6'G/
M8#II,;<6`] "X$(*A].#FK5P+_TBI!4'6/5#0@095A9UP>541
M;-2[LK81NV?ZKJZ'O%C&B1^Z *=[LV'LN-2"!Y*M9%3
M.SA3>]L>[83^TH74QB5PW5"BC0S=3,\W9SE4'9="\%"JC9RZ"6!K_)<=LW`H
MJ5>JJGX\9X.!:),8Q6$__GW'DP#Q.(:X+PB&XSF>
M& ^.US$6U]L/)U/=XE8EM7NW7_M]_/7_YZGNR2:MM6HB*K_U/
M+OUOFY]_6KV+^E4>.&\\\%#)M7]HFN,R"&1VX&4J)^+(*_AF)^HR;>!CO0_D
ML>;I%A>511!-I[.@3//*;STLZS$^Q&Z79_Q)9*>25TWKI.9%VL#^Y2$_RK.W
M,AOCKDSKU]/Q2R;*([AXR8N\^42GOE=FR^_[2M3I2P%Q?X0LS -JLMCE$H-+NU7RW]A_"Y6.2^,%FA0GZ)^?OLO?>
MDP?Q_FN=;W_/*P[9ACJI"KP(\:J@W[?*!(L#8_4S5N"/VMOR77HJFC_%^V\\
MWQ\:*'W'
MLTDRG\8AP+T7+IOG7+GTO>PD&U'^VX)"W%3K"[?VE#;I9E6+=P_J#6AY3-7I
M"9?@>'@OL`F%?5#@M0_G$6@D)/!M$\;1*GB#H+,.\]ABX/6*N2`"(+TP`]MX
M9@56S)!?W,IC:^C37#>BT<0N-`H,:>UO/HXOVV^96PS#K/;C82Y$"@PIARBN
M:8H98>I`P=<=5V"]C0[:.N%NG^.TO_R(7Q?#B4A4YYFTJ!=:K.8H82
MPK[[L=QVC&C=\]FD%^3KYNZP*31AZTP#@9#N1RV<1I,Y',0[-%WG
M1U ^U1HE=!($1).@6@$`-B7V_5X)G20`T<3U8, J\,@O7=*8_8_>J*E85-+1$X*$)H23&4A$%&" G^D4V#RPA')P-Z::[3@28Z:O9S
M*(TI`^A@N#1$!NZ4QNS^J#/II;%,,)%3]R.:I,TZ`42D^[$T83*!9-R)R10"
M](7IZDUES#+21$Y"@&@24Z$`9YO,QA3*5`7T9,5E&A-A)&1!-8NJ4P2P4(\J`:C=JML:5.LW9I!?*,B:H
M$7'\LPC1A,VJ$NS_J@0N)"Q#*I%8)@;FI!*()FQ6E6!$)6Y+.**)ZR%I2"R#
M`G.2!D03-JLTL`%I"&=P.75/[G`A8>G$0C]PEIF!.2D#H@F;51G8@#)$"TCX
MG2J9NH">@%:/R#(Q,"==0#2)R*H+R9`NC)F"A?#X@F
M;,H!F,PI*"&RP/>7C.7O-[S7WA12"\3)W6['
M7#1P%XYO#_#?!X=[[*D2IIT0S?F#^DUZ^3=E\Q\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0`B('= &PO=V]R:W-H965T */XW.^R[&SNKJ7+;KCV@C5%3B)8HQXQU0INKK`OW_=7'S"R%C:E;15
M'2_P`S?X:OWQP^JH]-XTG%L$#)TI0=?*J4EM;#4-3&]
MYK3TFV1+TCA>$DE%AP-#KL_A4%4E&+]6["!Y9P.)YBVUD+]I1&\>V20[ATY2
MO3_T%TS)'BAVHA7VP9-B)%E^6W=*TUT+==\GN?WB!;T43"NC*AL!'0F)
MOJSYDEP28%JO2@$5N+8CS:L";Y)\FV&R7OG^_!'\:":_D6G4\8L6Y3?1<6@V
MC,D-8*?4WD%O2Q>"S>3%[AL_@!\:E;RBA];^5,>O7-2-A6DOH"!75UX^7'/#
MH*%`$Z4+Q\14"PG`$TGAG`$-H??^?12E;0J:75$X!F0-#UU#DQR
M('Z](*C$83 LRL_?(.'"!X?F4?#8?>8-RP,R]7Z;US-\CY,#0 \RU->;_QD$0'^;:NX?:<20V0Z
MLB3+7J\F.U5]6\J!3Z5"9#*B;U(WX
M>7R>;_P]0\8/B,ZCE%5#&D3O8.MP486%5#UG"05463KC_VMGI91]7(`P&?\BUO\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!$F1IXC@(`
M`&D&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T "<8VJC$6D$O__3[`<9.FZ](7.WP^G/-=#F1Q
MLY-?/^^O9A@92]N"-JKE.7[B!M\L/WY8[)1^
M-#7G%@%#:W)<6]MEA!A6 PI=2:4DM+'5%3* &BJBU,>PP%N;JRXNF.&P8-!9HH'3LFIAI(`)Y(
M"N1.-I?)V`Z'](2,C(%WA'+5TNM-HA,`U(FHXZ"R89$+]>$93BL"L'SC&8
M&G(U,(7M,IG,%F0+K6,]YC9@X/F,&1`$1`=E4+M J*]$:U/`2*&/?(AWNBK"PJH,LX:0J"T? &UL(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````G)%!2\,P&(;O@O^AY-XF;5%&:#-0V /-^7:KG37?()SJO>U"C/"$K`B%XJT]3H:;-*%RCQ@1O)
MN]Y`C?;@T9)=7E3"4M$[>'"]!1<4^"22C*?"UJ@-P5*,O6A! :
MAWAT#;9 "T__/"F)PUM0I[&V>:=,_94AS#N;WS:BX.PY`-Y:@1_7/\LKY_'$=-E3GL
M2@!BA_UTW(=U7.56@;S9L]V;ZQ+OVPK_SBHI1CLJ'/``,HGOT:/=*7DN;^\V
M*\0*DE^EI$QSLBD()0M:%*\5/K6F^VP&ZDG@W\03@(W>/_^0$``/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A`%`Y):"5`@``>0&UL
M(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````G%513]LP
M$'Z?M/\0Y1U2.IBFR@V"4L2D;:V4PAXMXUP:"] .3XT$(Z%VHYCF\7UT=?XL@ZIG(FM8)QO`$;
MGZ/Y"YT148)\!&"*'L."Z=JT9)8GD)*V:/T:S04FBS8@ZW9IGHHA` :>G[U;;"HDG)*+JI*",X=9IM\%
M-]KJPD73)PZ2)%TC0789\-H(MTD').EN2 F%RNE4.:P7_:H:M87N,F]SF&@46EG(Z2633'&@F4_S?WPIDL76"89DCCGP
MC45U06?8G%NY>T4,4.E%34JFEO">D)-_4YHP6])KJ7^%\?M$6M]#& >Z1N74DLXU/@^!'=U6R/=FH_2B
M!#HK"C#H&'38&>E$VW[3MA@_M`/,9,/N)5"G:>8T?RBUS,$$(2=ZM1+.B_E:
ML=IX.GVLL?F",%E];^&Q]CTQ7;\.=K`F864/ESX @6."6GI
M`H=FS7!RM?7=J]47XTTA!\3!^.`M'7W>=$5'[S]Z= ^/%2T/14-UZ?N>D7E0E%C8P#2,H8E^6R$\#]]MU
M=P0ES?'B4F$R\"&!V6XWVKOD+\%%5MW`8B"TMIX0Q0?*3H:R$O?F46IVK6-]
MHJR5W"*!J.6$^W$\8.X"L-JK:N`\3:!B/P$J_1*MQO^*_0(``/__`P!02P$"
M+0`4``8`"````"$`TF] &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%UDC>*2`P``3`L``!D`````````````
M````;A```'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T
M &UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`*LV;-\]!P``5"(``!D`````````````````(!D``'AL+W=O
M &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL
M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-"6-S@N!```O!```!D`````````````````$R4`
M`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A``K2
M!.Z1`P``,0P``!@`````````````````!S,``'AL+W=O &PO &PO &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`&]1>%(R`P``^`D``!D`````````````````
M97@``'AL+W=O P``>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &PO=V]R:W-H
M965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-EA@/[R`@``V`@``!@`
M````````````````084``'AL+W=O R=P0``*<0```8`````````````````&F(``!X;"]W
M;W)K &PO=V]R:W-H965T "```&0`````````````````7EP``>&PO=V]R:W-H965T JYP(``(4(```9````````````
M`````$R:``!X;"]W;W)K &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`
M```A`*8L5>SU`@``I`@``!D`````````````````:IT``'AL+W=O &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`$29&GB.`@``
M:08``!D`````````````````V*@``'AL+W=O &UL4$L%!@`````C`",`7@D``)2R````````
`
end XML 13 report.css IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute;
} ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold;
} ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497;
} ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px;
} ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em;
} /* Report Styles */
..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none;
} /* table */
..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em;
} ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf;
} /* Top labels */
..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center;
} ..report th.void	{ background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left;
} ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; word-wrap: break-word;
} ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden;
} ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px;
} ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc;
} /* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold;
} /* Calendars... */
..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0;
} /* Even rows... */
..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def;
} ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} /* Odd rows... */
..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white;
} ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black;
} /* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn { white-space: nowrap;
} /* styles for numeric types */
..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap;
} ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em;
} ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
} /* styles for text types */
..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal;
} ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em;
} ..report .text .more { display: none;
} ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold;
} ..report .text .small { width: 10em;
} ..report sup { font-style: italic;
} ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em;
} XML 14 R25.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Subsequent Events (Details Textual) (Subsequent Event [Member], 1347 Investors LLC [Member], USD $) 1 Months Ended Feb. 06, 2015 Subsequent Event [Member] | 1347 Investors LLC [Member] Subsequent Event [Line Items] Common Stock Shares Transferred 10,000 tfscu_CommonStockSharesTransferred / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = tfscu_OneThreeFourSevenInvestorsLlcMember / us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis = us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember Share Price $ 0.0217391 us-gaap_SharePrice / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = tfscu_OneThreeFourSevenInvestorsLlcMember / us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis = us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember X - Definition The common stock shares transferred. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_CommonStockSharesTransferred Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks of a company. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 15 R9.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Plan of Business Operations 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract] Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements Disclosure [Text Block] Note 1  Organization and Plan of Business Operations 1347 Capital Corp. (“1347 Capital” or the “Company”) was incorporated in Delaware on April 15, 2014 as a blank check company whose objective is to acquire, through a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination, one or more operating businesses (a “Business Combination”). At December 31, 2014, the Company had not yet commenced any operations. All activity through December 31, 2014 relates to the Company’s formation and the Offering described below. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year-end. The Company is considered to be a development stage company and, as such, the Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) topic 915 “Development Stage Entities.” The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with activities of development stage companies. The registration statement for the Company’s initial public offering (the “Offering”) was declared effective on July 15, 2014. The Company consummated the Offering of 4,000,000 units (“Units”) on July 21, 2014 generating gross proceeds of $ 40,000,000 . The Company granted the representative of the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 600,000 Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any. Simultaneously with the closing of the Offering, 1347 Capital also consummated a private placement of 180,000 units (“Private Units,”) at $ 10 per unit and 600,000 warrants, or “$ 15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants” at $ 0.50 per warrant generating gross proceeds of $ 2,100,000 . In April 2014, Company’s insiders purchased an aggregate of 1,150,000 shares of common stock (the “Insider Shares),” for an aggregate purchase price of $ 25,000 , or approximately $ 0.02 per share. On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional 600,000 Units subject to such over-allotment option. The Units issued pursuant to the over-allotment option were sold at the Offering price of $ 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $ 6,000,000 . In a private sale that took place simultaneously with the consummation of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the sponsor purchased an additional 18,000 Private Units at $ 10.00 per unit. All of the proceeds received from the Offering and sale of Private Units have been placed in the trust account (“Trust Account”) after paying for certain expenses and working capital requirements of the Company, such that at least approximately $ 10.00 per Unit sold in the Offering is held in trust until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company’s initial Business Combination and (ii) the Company’s failure to consummate a Business Combination within the prescribed time. After deducting the Offering expenses, the remaining net proceeds (not held in the Trust Account) may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. Additionally, the interest earned on the Trust Account balance may be released to the Company to fund working capital requirements as well as for any amounts that are necessary to pay the Company’s tax obligations. In connection with any proposed Business Combination, the Company will seek stockholder approval of an initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose at which stockholders may seek to convert their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination. The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for the acquisition of a target business, is required to provide stockholders who acquired common shares in the Offering (“Public Stockholders”) with the opportunity to convert their common shares for a pro rata share of the Trust Account, however, there will be a mechanism to prevent a Public Stockholder from voting, or seeking conversion for more than 20% of the shares sold in the Offering. The insiders shall not be entitled to seek conversion with respect to any Insider Shares nor with respect to any shares of common stock purchased by them in the Offering or in the aftermarket. If the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months from the date of the Offering (or 24 months from the date of the Offering if the Company has executed a letter of intent or definitive agreement for a Business Combination within 18 months from the date of the Offering but has not completed such Business Combination within the 18 month period), the Company will liquidate and dissolve and distribute its assets in the Trust Account to the Public Stockholders. In such case, each Public Stockholder will receive a full pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company for working capital purposes or to pay any of its taxes. The holders of Insider Shares and Private Units will not participate in any redemption distribution with respect to their Insider Shares and Private Units, including the common stock included in the Private Units. If the Company is unable to conclude its initial Business Combination and expends all of the net proceeds of the Offering not deposited in the Trust Account, without taking into account any interest earned on the Trust Account, the Company expects that the per-share redemption price for common stock will be approximately $ 10.00 . The placement of funds in the Trust Account may not protect those funds from third party claims against the Company. Although the Company will seek to have all vendors and service providers engaged and prospective target businesses the Company negotiate with execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of Company’s Public Stockholders, they may not execute such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with the Company, they may seek recourse against the Trust Account. A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to claims which could take priority over those of the Public Stockholders. Therefore, the actual per-share redemption price may be less than approximately $10.00 Emerging Growth Company Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, 1347 Capital Corp., as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of Company’s financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. X - Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for organization, consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35735333&loc=d3e288-107754 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=18733093&loc=d3e5614-111684 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 915 -SubTopic 235 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472506&loc=d3e38932-110933 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 272 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70478-108055 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6359566&loc=d3e326-107755 + Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration EXCEL 16 Financial_Report.xls IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F
M9C(P-38P,&4B#0H-"E1H:7,@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7,@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7
M96(@4&%G92P@86QS;R!K;F]W;B!A '!L;W)E &UL;G,Z=CTS1")U &UL;G,Z;STS1")U &UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX
M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T 5]);F9O #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE
M/D-O;F1E;G-E9%]3=&%T96UE;G1?;V9?0VAA;F=E #I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/D-O;F1E;G-E9%]3=&%T96UE;G1?
M;V9?0VAA;F=E #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX
M.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O
M #I.86UE/E-T871E;65N=%]O9E]#87-H7T9L;W=S
M7U!A #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE
M/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;E]A;F1?4&QA;E]O9E]"=7-I;CPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G1I
M;F=?4&]L:6-I93PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.
M86UE/E1H95]/9F9E #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D]F9F5R:6YG7T-O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX
M.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O
M #I.86UE/E-I9VYI9FEC86YT7T%C8V]U;G1I;F=?
M4&]L:6-I93$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E1H95]/9F9E '1U86P\+W@Z3F%M93X-
M"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K '1U86P\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K 6%B;&5?=&]?4W1O8VMH;VQD97)?1&4\+W@Z3F%M
M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K '1U86P\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I7;W)K '0\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I3='EL97-H965T($A2968],T0B5V]R:W-H965T &-E;"!84"!O 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W
M9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I
M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R
M,#4V,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O
M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!)
M;F9O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#XQ,"U+/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^9F%L '0^1&5C(#,Q+`T*"0DR,#$T
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^,C`Q-#QS'0^1ED\ 2!296=I '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S"!+
M97D\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 2!796QL+6MN;W=N(%-E
M87-O;F5D($ES '0^
M3F\\ 2!6;VQU;G1A '0^665S/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S2!0=6)L:6,@
M1FQO870\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6UB;VP\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S&EM871E;'D@)#$P('!E 3PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R
M=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E
M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY
M,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA F5D
M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5MF5D/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W
M7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I
M;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V,#!E
M+U=O '0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0]
M,T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T
M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE
M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2`H55-$("0I/&)R/CPO
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2`H4&%R96YT:&5T:6-A;"D@*%531"`D*3QB &5R8VES92!0 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P
M,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF
M-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!F:6YA;F-I
M;F'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7V8V,C,S,3=D
M7V4X9C=?-#-D-E\Y.3$U7S)B-V9F,C`U-C`P90T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P
M-38P,&4O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '1087)T7V8V,C,S
M,3=D7V4X9C=?-#-D-E\Y.3$U7S)B-V9F,C`U-C`P90T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F
M9C(P-38P,&4O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA F%T:6]N(&%N9"!0;&%N
M(&]F($)U '0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4
M:6UE 6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$PF%T:6]N(&]R(&]T:&5R('-I;6EL87(@8G5S
M:6YE 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="65T(&-O;6UE;F-E9"!A;GD@;W!E 28C.#(Q-SMS(&9O 65A 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="28C.#(Q-SMS(&9I;F%N
M8VEA;"!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%R92!P 2!I 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P="2`R,2P@,C`Q-"!G96YE 2!O2!T;R!C;W9E 2X@
M4VEM=6QT86YE;W5S;'D@=VET:"!T:&4@8VQO &5R8VES92!0 28C.#(Q-SMS(&EN 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RPG &5R8VES92!O9B!T:&4@
M;W9E 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6EN9R!F;W(@8V5R=&%I;B!E>'!E
M;G-E 2P@ &EM871E;'D@)#QF
M;VYT('-T>6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG
M 2P@=&AE(&EN=&5R97-T(&5A 2!T;R!F
M=6YD('=O 2!T:&4@
M0V]M28C.#(Q-SMS('1A>"!O8FQI9V%T:6]N 2!W:6QL('-E96L@ 2!S
M965K('1O(&-O;G9E 2!V;W1E(&9O 3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)U1%6%0M5%)!3E-&3U)-.B!N;VYE
M.R!415A4+4E.1$5.5#H@,'!X.R!$25-03$%9.B!I;FQI;F4@(6EM"`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E '0M 2!W:6QL(&QI<75I9&%T92!A;F0@9&ES 2!P 2!O9B!I=',@=&%X97,N(%1H92!H;VQD97)S
M(&]F($EN 2!R961E;7!T:6]N(&1I 6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="'!E;F1S(&%L;"!O9B!T:&4@;F5T
M('!R;V-E961S(&]F('1H92!/9F9E 2`D/&9O;G0@ 2!N;W0@2!W:6QL('-E96L@=&\@:&%V92!A;&P@=F5N9&]R 2!M87D@;F]T(&5X
M96-U=&4@ 3X\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P&-H86YG92!!8W0I(&%R92!R97%U:7)E9"!T;R!C;VUP;'D@=VET:"!T
M:&4@;F5W(&]R(')E=FES960@9FEN86YC:6%L(&%C8V]U;G1I;F2!S=6-H(&5L96-T:6]N('1O(&]P="!O=70@:7,@:7)R979O8V%B;&4N(%1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(&AA 2P@8V%N(&%D;W!T('1H92!N97&5D.R7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-
M"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)
M3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="3X\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RPG 6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!I 2!A;F0L(&%S('-U8V@L('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X
M,C$W.W,@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=',@87)E('!R97!A 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P="3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P&-L=61I;F6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M="6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P28C.#(Q-SMS(&%S &EM871E
M 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!W:71H(&%C8V]U;G1I;F6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="2!O9B!T:')E92!M;VYT:',@;W(@;&5S 2!M86EN=&%I;G,@
M8V%S:"!B86QA;F-E 2!B92!U;FEN 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P
M3X\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG 6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!":6QL 6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="2XF(S@R,C$[($-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:R!S=6)J96-T('1O(&UA;F1A=&]R
M>2!C;VYV97)S:6]N("AI9B!A;GDI(&ES(&-L87-S:69I960@87,@82!L:6%B
M:6QI='D@:6YS=')U;65N="!A;F0@:7,@;65A 2!C;VYV97)T:6)L92!C;VUM;VX@ 28C.#(Q-SMS(&-O;G1R;VPI(&ES(&-L87-S:69I
M960@87,@=&5M2X@070@86QL(&]T:&5R('1I;65S+"!C
M;VUM;VX@ 2X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R,32P@870@1&5C96UB97(@,S$L(#(P,30L('1H92!C;VUM;VX@ 2!S96-T:6]N(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X,C$W
M.W,@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E="X\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^(#QD:78@ 3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!A(&UA>&EM=6T@ 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RPG 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!R96-O9VYI>F5S(&-H
M86YG97,@:6X@ 2!A 6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@ 6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P"!A '!E8W1E9"!I;7!A8W0@;V8@9&EF9F5R96YC
M97,@8F5T=V5E;B!T:&4@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N=',@86YD('1A>"!B
M87-I "!C F5D+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX@/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1"=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63I4:6UE 6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="&5S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@86X@96YT
M97)P "!P;W-I=&EO;B!T86ME;B!O '!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!T86ME;B!I;B!A('1A>"!R971U F5D+"!A('1A>"!P;W-I=&EO;B!M
M=7-T(&)E(&UO &EN9R!A=71H;W)I=&EE "!P;W-I=&EO;G,@ 28C.#(Q-SMS
M('!O;&EC>2!F;W(@ '!E
M;G-E(&%S(&$@8V]M6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P&5D.R7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[
M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@
M/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J
M879A '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!C;VYS=6UM871E9"!T:&4@3V9F
M97)I;F2`R,2P@,C`Q-"X@16%C:"!5;FET('=A
M 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG '!I 4)I 2!O
M&5R8VES960@=&AE:7(@;W9E 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P="65T(&)E96X@8V]N 2!0
M=6)L:6,@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S('=I;&P@97AP:7)E(&%N9"!B92!W;W)T:&QE
M 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!P86ED('1H92!U;F1E
M &5R8VES
M92!O9B!T:&4@;W9E 2!A;'-O(&ES &5R8VES86)L92!A
M="!A;GD@=&EM92P@:6X@=VAO;&4@;W(@:6X@2!E 2!O9B`\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@)U1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;B 6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG '!E8W1E
M9"!L:69E(&]F(&9I=F4@>65A 6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RPG 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P
M,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF
M-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E
M.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V
M,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E
M;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 6%B;&4@6T%B '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV
M('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P3X\
M8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P="2!N;W1E('1O(#$S-#3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E
M.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ
M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V
M,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E
M;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0@0FQO8VM=
M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$
M)TU!4D=)3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\8CX\9F]N="!S
M='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P
M2!H87,@96YG
M86=E9"!T:&4@4F5P 2!W:6QL('!A
M>2!T:&4@4F5P 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M)RPG &-L=7-I=F4@;V8@
M86YY(&%P2!M87D@86QL;V-A=&4@=&\@;VYE(&]R(&UO 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="28C.#(Q-SMS(&EN 28C.#(Q-SMS(&EN 28C.#(Q-SMS(&%M96YD960@86YD(')E 28C.#(Q
M-SMS(&]B;&EG871I;VX@=&\@ 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG 2!D;V5S(&YO="!C;VUP
M;&5T92!T:&4@:6YI=&EA;"!"=7-I;F5S 2!T
M;R!R961E96T@=&AE:7(@ 2!S=6-H(&%M96YD;65N="!A="!A('!E 2!F 2!T:&4@;G5M8F5R(&]F('1H96X@;W5T 2!S:&%R97,@*&EN8VQU9&EN
M9R!T:&4@26YS:61E 28C.#(Q-SMS(&]B;&EG871I;VX@=&\@ 2!O9B!T:&4@
M26YS:61E 65A &-E961S("0\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+49!
M34E,63H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B 6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="2!P
M 28C.#(Q-SMS(&-E 28C.#(Q-SMS(&]B;&EG871I;VX@=&\@ &5S+"!D:79I9&5D(&)Y('1H92!N=6UB
M97(@;V8@=&AE;B!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!P=6)L:6,@ 2!0
M=6)L:6,@4W1O8VMH;VQD97)S(&EF('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&1O97,@;F]T(&-O
M;7!L971E(&ET 2!O9B!T:&4@4')I=F%T92!5;FET 2!P 28C.#(Q
M-SMS('-P;VYS;W(N(%-U8V@@869F:6QI871E(&AA 2!C;VYS=6UM871E 2!A 28C.#(Q
M-SMS(&%S &5D
M.R7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S
M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!.;W1E(%M!
M8G-T '0^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XZ(#!P="`PF4Z(#@N-6EN(#$Q+C!I;B3PO9F]N=#X\+V(^/"]D:78^(#QD:78@
M 3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P="6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE
M/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG 2!A 3X-"CPO:'1M
M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ
M-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H
M=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE 3X\8CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V(^/"]D:78^(#QD:78@ &5D.R7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S
M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XZ(#!P="`P
M3X\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS
M1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!W:71H(&%C8V]U;G1I;F&5D.R'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@,'!T
M(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P="28C.#(Q-SMS(&9I;F%N8VEA;"!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&%R92!P 2!I &5D.R2!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=-05)'24XZ(#!P="`P6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2
M.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#$P2!D:79I9&EN9R!N970@;&]S 2!T:&4@=V5I9VAT
M960M879E 2!D:60@;F]T('1A:V4@:6YT;R!A8V-O=6YT('1H
M92!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!D:6QU=&EV92!S96-U &5D.R2!;4&]L:6-Y
M(%1E>'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE
M 6QE/3-$)T-,
M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="&5D.R6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="'!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$P,"4[('1A
M8FQE+6QA>6]U=#IF:7AE9#LG(&-E;&QS2!;4&]L:6-Y(%1E>'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!
M4D=)3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="3X\9F]N="!S='EL
M93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P&-E960@1F5D97)A;"!$97!O '0@0FQO
M8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[
M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG '0@
M0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T
M>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@,3!P="!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O
M=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P="3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P
M3X\9F]N
M="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!W:71H:6X@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(S@R,32!E<75I='DN($%T(&%L;"!O=&AE 2!T:&4@0V]M2!T;R!B92!O=71S:61E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X
M,C$W.W,@8V]N=')O;"!A;F0@ 2P@;W5T 28C.#(Q-SMS(&)A;&%N8V4@
M 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[
M($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P2!D
M:60@;F]T('-P96-I9GD@82!M87AI;75M(')E9&5M2D@=&\@8F4@;&5S 6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P="2!O8V-U 2!T;R!E<75A;"!T:&4@ 3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RPG 2!A
M="!I=',@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C$P,"4[('1A8FQE+6QA
M>6]U=#IF:7AE9#LG(&-E;&QS2!;4&]L:6-Y(%1E>'0@0FQO8VM=/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)TU!4D=)3CH@,'!T(#!P>#L@1D].5#H@
M,3!P="!4:6UE 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T-,
M14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P2!A
M8V-O=6YT &5S('5N9&5R($%30R`W-#`@26YC;VUE
M(%1A>&5S("@F(S@R,C`[05-#(# '!E8W1E9"!F=71U "!L;W-S(&%N9"!T87@@8W)E9&ET(&-A 2!R97%U:7)E 2!T:&%N(&YO="!T:&%T(&%L;"!O 3X\
M9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P3X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$PF5D
M(&EN(&%N(&5N=&5R2UT:&%N+6YO="!T;R!B92!S
M=7-T86EN960@=7!O;B!E>&%M:6YA=&EO;B!B>2!T87AI;F28C.#(Q-SMS(&9I
M;F%N8VEA;"!S=&%T96UE;G1S+B!4:&4@0V]M2!B96QI979E 6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$
M)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="3X\+V1I
M=CX@/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=#3$5!4CIB;W1H.R!&3TY4+49!34E,63I4:6UE
M 3X\8CX\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1"=&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="6QE/3-$)T-,14%2.F)O=&@[($9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.E1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P="2!I 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM
M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P
M-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?
M93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R
M F%T:6]N(&%N9"!0;&%N(&]F($)U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5R8VES92!0 3X-"CPO
M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?
M.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R,#4V,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X
M="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2P@4VAA 2!%<75I='DL($-A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S2P@0V%R '1087)T7V8V
M,C,S,3=D7V4X9C=?-#-D-E\Y.3$U7S)B-V9F,C`U-C`P90T*0V]N=&5N="U,
M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R
M8C=F9C(P-38P,&4O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S6UE;G0@3V8@061D:71I;VYA;"!5;F1E '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5R8VES92!P '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5R8VES92!/9B!/'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^-2!Y96%R 2!2871E/"]T9#X-"B`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'1087)T7V8V,C,S,3=D
M7V4X9C=?-#-D-E\Y.3$U7S)B-V9F,C`U-C`P90T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P
M-38P,&4O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '10
M87)T7V8V,C,S,3=D7V4X9C=?-#-D-E\Y.3$U7S)B-V9F,C`U-C`P90T*0V]N
M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?
M.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '1U86PI("A5;G-E8W5R960@
M4')O;6ES 2!.;W1E(%M-96UB97)=+"!54T0@)"D\8G(^/"]S=')O;F'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7V8V,C,S,3=D7V4X
M9C=?-#-D-E\Y.3$U7S)B-V9F,C`U-C`P90T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C(S,S$W9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P
M,&4O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-
M"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7V8V,C,S,3=D7V4X9C=?-#-D-E\Y.3$U7S)B-V9F,C`U
M-C`P90T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C(S,S$W9%]E
M.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C(S,S$W
M9%]E.&8W7S0S9#9?.3DQ-5\R8C=F9C(P-38P,&4-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I
M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8R,S,Q-V1?93AF-U\T,V0V7SDY,35?,F(W9F8R
M,#4V,#!E+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O
M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\
M>&UL('AM;&YS.F\],T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87,M;6EC XML 17 R8.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statement of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) (USD $) 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Investment Warrants, Exercise Price $ 15 invest_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice X - Definition Exercise price of the warrants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 12 -Section 13 -Sentence Column A + Details Name: invest_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: invest_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 18 R2.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Condensed Balance Sheet (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Current assets Cash $ 397,387 us-gaap_Cash Prepaid expenses 72,479 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent Total assets 469,866 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Cash and investments held in trust account 46,008,549 us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent Total Assets 46,478,415 us-gaap_Assets Current liabilities Accounts payable & accrued expenses 69,854 us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent Note payable to stockholder 125,000 us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent Total liabilities 194,854 us-gaap_Liabilities Common Stock subject to possible redemption; 4,099,999 shares at approximately $10 per share 40,999,990 us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent Stockholders' equity Preferred stock, $.0001 par value; 1,000,000 shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Common stock, $.0001 par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; 1,848,001 issued and outstanding 185 us-gaap_CommonStockValue Additional paid-in capital 5,473,141 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Deficit accumulated during the development stage (189,755) us-gaap_DevelopmentStageEnterpriseDeficitAccumulatedDuringDevelopmentStage Total stockholders’ equity 5,283,571 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 46,478,415 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6801-107765 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash, securities, or other assets held by a third-party trustee pursuant to the terms of an agreement which assets are available to be used by beneficiaries to that agreement only within the specific terms thereof and which agreement is expected to terminate more than one year from the balance sheet date (or operating cycle, if longer) at which time the assets held-in-trust will be released or forfeited. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Cash Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Cumulative net losses reported during the development stage. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 915 -SubTopic 210 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472335&loc=d3e37729-110921 + Details Name: us-gaap_DevelopmentStageEnterpriseDeficitAccumulatedDuringDevelopmentStage Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amounts due to recorded owners or owners with a beneficial interest of more than 10 percent of the voting interests or officers of the company. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph a(1) -Article 6 + Details Name: us-gaap_DueToOfficersOrStockholdersCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19-26) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Liabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 -Article 7 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Assets -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509628 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (g) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6787-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=47804770&loc=d3e5879-108316 + Details Name: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Carrying amount, attributable to parent, of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant XML 19 R6.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) (USD $) 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Investment Warrants, Exercise Price $ 15 invest_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice IPO [Member] Sale of Warrants 4,600,000 us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_IPOMember Sale of units, price per share $ 10 us-gaap_SharePrice / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_IPOMember Private Placement [Member] Sale of Warrants 198,000 us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Sale of units, price per share $ 10 us-gaap_SharePrice / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Note Warrant [Member] Sale of Warrants 600,000 us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_NoteWarrantMember Sale of units, price per share $ 0.5 us-gaap_SharePrice / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_NoteWarrantMember X - Definition Exercise price of the warrants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 12 -Section 13 -Sentence Column A + Details Name: invest_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: invest_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of shares issued or sold by the subsidiary or equity method investee per stock transaction. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks of a company. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_NoteWarrantMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 20 R22.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note Payable to Stockholder (Details Textual) (Unsecured Promissory Note [Member], USD $) Apr. 18, 2014 Unsecured Promissory Note [Member] Debt Instrument, Face Amount $ 125,000 us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount / us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis = tfscu_UnsecuredPromissoryNoteMember X - Definition Face (par) amount of debt instrument at time of issuance. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28551-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 55 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34725769&loc=d3e28878-108400 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant XML 21 R24.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholder Equity (Details Textual) (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Apr. 30, 2014 Class of Stock [Line Items] Preferred stock, shares authorized 1,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Preferred stock, par value (in dollars per share) $ 0.0001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Common stock, shares authorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) $ 0.0001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Common stock, shares, issued 1,848,001 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Common stock, shares, outstanding 1,848,001 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Common stock redemption amount shares 4,099,999 us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding Preferred stock, shares issued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Common Stock [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Common stock, shares, issued 5,948,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Common stock, shares, outstanding 5,948,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Private Placement [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Common stock, shares, issued 198,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Offering [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Common stock, shares, issued 4,600,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_OfferingMember Insider Shares [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) $ 12.50 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_InsiderSharesMember Common stock, shares, issued 1,150,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_InsiderSharesMember X - Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been issued and are held by the entity's shareholders. Securities outstanding equals securities issued minus securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.27(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph b -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=tfscu_InsiderSharesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=tfscu_OfferingMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 22 Show.js IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /** * Rivet Software Inc. * * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software, Inc. All rights reserved. * Version 2.4.0.3 * */ var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null, Show.hideAR = function(){ Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
}; Show.showAR = function ( link, id, win ){ if( Show.LastAR ){ Show.hideAR(); } var ref = link; do { ref = ref.nextSibling; } while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE'); if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') { var tmp = win ? win.document.getElementById(id) : document.getElementById(id); if( tmp ){ ref = tmp.cloneNode(true); ref.id = ''; link.parentNode.appendChild(ref); } } if( ref ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; Show.LastAR = ref; }
}; Show.toggleNext = function( link ){ var ref = link; do{ ref = ref.nextSibling; }while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' ); if( ref.style && ref.style.display && ref.style.display == 'none' ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+', '-' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+', '-' ); } }else{ ref.style.display = 'none'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-', '+' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-', '+' ); } }
}; XML 23 R7.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statement of Cash Flows (USD $) 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Cash flows provided by (used in) operating activities Net loss $ (189,755) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts payable 69,854 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities Prepaid assets (72,479) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Net cash used in operating activities (192,380) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations Cash flows used in investing activities Investment in restricted cash and investments (46,008,549) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCashAndInvestments Net cash used in investing activities (46,008,549) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations Cash flows provided by financing activities Proceeds from sale of shares of common stock to initial stockholder 25,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Proceeds from note payable - stockholder 125,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable Proceeds from sale of units in IPO, including over-allotment, net of offering costs 44,168,216 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering Proceeds from private placement of units, including over-allotment 1,980,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement Proceeds from private placement of $15 exercise price warrants 300,000 tfscu_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacementExercisePriceOfWarrants Proceeds from sale of underwritter purchase option 100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised Deferred costs associated with initial public offering 0 us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfInitialPublicOffering Net Cash provided by financing activities 46,598,316 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations Net increase in cash 397,387 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Cash at beginning of period 0 us-gaap_Cash Cash at end of period $ 397,387 us-gaap_Cash X - Definition This element represents proceeds from issuance of private placement exercise price of warrants. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacementExercisePriceOfWarrants Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Cash Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows, for example, deferred expenses, intangible assets, or income taxes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net cash inflow or outflow during the period for the aggregate increase (decrease) associated with funds and investments that are not available for withdrawal or use (such as assets held in escrow or contractually limited as to use or disposition) and are associated with underlying transactions that are classified as investing activities. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInRestrictedCashAndInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities, excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities, excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow associated with the repurchase of amount received from entity's first offering of stock to the public. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfInitialPublicOffering Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's first offering of stock to the public. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's raising of capital via private rather than public placement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a borrowing supported by a written promise to pay an obligation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit, which the entity may have realized and reported separately. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (j) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration XML 24 R3.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Condensed Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Common stock redemption amount shares 4,099,999 us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding Common stock redemption per share $ 10 us-gaap_TemporaryEquityRedemptionPricePerShare Preferred stock, par value (in dollars per share) $ 0.0001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Preferred stock, shares authorized 1,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Preferred stock, shares issued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) $ 0.0001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Common stock, shares authorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Common stock, shares, issued 1,848,001 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Common stock, shares, outstanding 1,848,001 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount to be paid per share that is classified as temporary equity by entity upon redemption. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 28 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (27) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_TemporaryEquityRedemptionPricePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been issued and are held by the entity's shareholders. Securities outstanding equals securities issued minus securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.27(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph b -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant XML 25 R17.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Accounting Policies [Abstract] Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block] Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Development Stage Enterprise [Policy Text Block] Development Stage Company The Company is considered to be a development stage company and, as such, the Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) topic 915 “Development Stage Entities.” The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with activities of development stage companies. Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block] Loss per Share Loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to possible redemption. The Company did not take into account the outstanding dilutive securities in calculating the loss per share because it reported net loss for the period. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block] Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet given their short-term nature. Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block] Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances that at times may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. The Company maintains its cash deposits with major financial institutions. Securities Held In Trust Account [Policy Text Block] Securities held in Trust Account At December 31, 2014, the assets in the Trust Account were valued at $ 46,008,549 , of which $ 45,998,082 was invested in United States Treasury Bills and $ 10,467 held as cash. Common Stock Possible Conversion [Policy Text Block] Common Stock Subject to Possible Conversion The Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with ASC 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory conversion (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally convertible common stock (including common stock that features conversion rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to conversion upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders’ equity) to be less than $ 5,000,001 . The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by charges against retained earnings. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, 4,099,999 of the 4,600,000 public shares were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value. Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block] Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Based on the Company’s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s financial statements. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. The Company’s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2014. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block] Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2014 The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 to eliminate certain financial reporting requirements that have historically applied to development stage entities. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014 and interim periods therein. The Company is considering the potential impact of this new standard on its financial statements, which is not expected to be material. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for common stock subject to possible conversion. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_CommonStockPossibleConversionPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for all or part of the detailed information required for development stage enterprises. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_DevelopmentStageEnterprisePolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for securities held in trust account. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_SecuritiesHeldInTrustAccountPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4273-108586 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 305 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6375392&loc=d3e26790-107797 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 203 -Paragraph 02-03 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13279-108611 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 60 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32840-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6423966&loc=d3e40913-109327 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32809-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32247-109318 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32280-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6143-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6132-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6061-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_UseOfEstimates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 26 R1.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Document And Entity Information (USD $) 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Mar. 10, 2015 Mar. 05, 2015 Document Information [Line Items] Document Type 10-K Amendment Flag false Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2014 Document Fiscal Year Focus 2014 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY Entity Registrant Name 1347 CAPITAL CORP Entity Central Index Key 0001606163 Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31 Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer No Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Filer Category Smaller Reporting Company Entity Public Float $ 44,298,000 dei_EntityPublicFloat Trading Symbol TFSCU Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 5,948,000 dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding X - Definition If the value is true, then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: dei_DocumentInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word "Other". + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFilerCategory Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:filerCategoryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityPublicFloat Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_TradingSymbol Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 27 R18.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Plan of Business Operations (Details Textual) (USD $) 1 Months Ended 9 Months Ended 1 Months Ended Jul. 21, 2014 Apr. 30, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Jul. 23, 2014 Schedule Of Organisation And Business Operations Plan [Line Items] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 4,000,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues 1,150,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Proceeds from Issuance Initial Public Offering $ 44,168,216 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 25,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10.00 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare Investment Warrants, Exercise Price $ 15 invest_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice IPO [Member] Schedule Of Organisation And Business Operations Plan [Line Items] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 4,000,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_IPOMember Proceeds from Issuance Initial Public Offering 40,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_IPOMember Over-Allotment Option [Member] Schedule Of Organisation And Business Operations Plan [Line Items] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 600,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 6,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10.00 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Class of Warrant or Right, Outstanding 600,000 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Private Placement [Member] Schedule Of Organisation And Business Operations Plan [Line Items] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 180,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember $ 10.00 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Class of Warrant or Right, Outstanding 600,000 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Class of Warrant or Right, Exercise Price of Warrants or Rights $ 0.50 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Warrants and Rights Outstanding 2,100,000 us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Investment Warrants, Exercise Price $ 15 invest_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Insider Shares [Member] Schedule Of Organisation And Business Operations Plan [Line Items] Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 25,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_InsiderSharesMember Sale of Stock, Price Per Share 0.02 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_InsiderSharesMember Stock Issued During Period, Shares, Other 1,150,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_InsiderSharesMember Private Placement Additional Sale [Member] Schedule Of Organisation And Business Operations Plan [Line Items] Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock $ 18,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_AdditionalPrivatePlacementMember Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10.00 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_AdditionalPrivatePlacementMember X - Definition Exercise price of the warrants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 12 -Section 13 -Sentence Column A + Details Name: invest_InvestmentWarrantsExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: invest_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: tfscu_ScheduleOfOrganisationAndBusinessOperationsPlanLineItems Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)(4)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of warrants or rights outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph i -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's first offering of stock to the public. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceInitialPublicOffering Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Per share amount received by subsidiary or equity investee for each share of common stock issued or sold in the stock transaction. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of new stock issued during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares of stock issued during the period that is attributable to transactions involving issuance of stock not separately disclosed. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Value of outstanding derivative securities that permit the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specified price. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph i -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=tfscu_AdditionalPrivatePlacementMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=tfscu_InsiderSharesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 28 R4.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statement of Operations (USD $) 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Revenues $ 0 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Formation costs 565 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses General and administrative costs 197,739 us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Operating loss (198,304) us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Other income: Interest income 8,549 us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncome Net loss $ (189,755) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic and diluted 1,579,640 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted Basic and diluted net loss per share $ (0.12) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted X - Definition The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share in instances when basic and diluted earnings per share are the same amount and reported as a single line item on the face of the financial statements. Basic earnings per share is the amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share includes the amount of net income or loss for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedOtherDisclosuresAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of interest income and other income recognized during the period. Included in this element is interest derived from investments in debt securities, cash and cash equivalents, and other investments which reflect the time value of money or transactions in which the payments are for the use or forbearance of money and other income from ancillary business-related activities (that is, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestAndOtherIncome Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 29 R12.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Offering Costs 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Offering Costs [Abstract] Offering Costs [Text Block] Note 4  Offering Costs Offering costs consist principally of legal, accounting and underwriting costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Offering. Offering costs amounting to $ 1,831,784 (including $ 1,380,000 in underwriters fees) were charged to stockholders’ equity upon completion of the Offering. X - Details Name: tfscu_OfferingCostsAbstract Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for deferred offering costs consisting of legal, accounting and underwriting costs incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the offering. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_OfferingCostsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 30 R11.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 The Offering 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Equity [Abstract] Initial Public Offering [Text Block] Note 3  The Offering The Company consummated the Offering of 4,000,000 Units on July 21, 2014. Each Unit was offered at a price of $ 10.00 and consists of one share of common stock, one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of common stock automatically on the consummation of a Business Combination and one warrant. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one-half of one share of common stock at a price of $ 11.50 per full share, subject to certain adjustments. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination and 12 months from the closing of the Offering, and will expire five years after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company also granted EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., the representative of the underwriters (the “Representative”), a 45-day option to purchase up to 600,000 Units (over and above the 4,000,000 Units referred to above) solely to cover over-allotments, if any. On July 21, 2014 the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full and on July 23, 2014 purchased an additional 600,000 Units subject to such over-allotment option. The Units issued pursuant to the over-allotment option were sold at the Offering price of $ 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of $ 6,000,000 . If the Company is unable to consummate a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering, or 24 months from the closing of the Offering if the Company has entered into a letter of intent or definitive agreement with a target business for a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering and such Business Combination has not yet been consummated within such 18-month period, it will redeem 100 % of the shares held by Public Stockholders using the funds in the Trust Account described above. In such event, the rights and warrants held by Public Stockholders will expire and be worthless. The Company paid the underwriters in the Offering an underwriting discount of 3 % ($ 1,200,000 ) of the gross proceeds of the Offering. An additional 3 % underwriting discount of $ 180,000 was paid to underwriters for the proceeds generated upon exercise of the over-allotment option. On July 21, 2014 simultaneously with the completion of the Offering, the Company also issued a unit purchase option (“UPO”), for $ 100 , to the Representative or its designees to purchase up to a total of 300,000 Units. The UPO will be exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, during the period commencing on the later of the first anniversary of the effective date of the Offering registration statement and closing of Business Combination and terminating on the fifth anniversary of the effective date of the Offering registration statement at a price per Unit equal to $ 10 . The UPO may be exercised for cash or on a cashless basis. The Company estimates that the fair value of the UPO is approximately $ 819,111 (or approximately $ 2.73 per unit) using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The fair value of the UPO is estimated as of the date of grant using the following assumptions: (1) expected volatility of 30 %, (2) risk-free interest rate of 1.50 % and (3) expected life of five years. Simultaneously with the closing of the Offering, the Company has also consummated a private placement of 180,000 Private Units at $ 10 per unit and 600,000 $ 15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants at $ 0.50 per warrant generating gross proceeds of $ 2,100,000 . In a private sale that took place simultaneously with the consummation of the exercise of the over-allotment option, the sponsor purchased an additional 18,000 Private Units at $ 10.00 per unit generating additional proceeds of $ 180,000 X - Definition The entire disclosure relates to initial public offering made by the Entity. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_InitialPublicOfferingTextBlockTextBlock Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 31 R23.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments (Details Textual) (USD $) 1 Months Ended 9 Months Ended Jul. 21, 2014 Jul. 23, 2014 Apr. 30, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Percentage of initial public offering proceeds 3.50% tfscu_PercentageOfInitialPublicOfferingProceeds Cash fee to be paid for services $ 1,610,000 tfscu_CashFeeToBePaidForServices Stock issued during period, shares, new issues 4,000,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues 1,150,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Due to affiliate $ 10,000 us-gaap_DueToAffiliateCurrentAndNoncurrent Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) $ 0.0001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Percentage of shares redeemed 100.00% tfscu_PercentageOfSharesRedeemed 100.00% tfscu_PercentageOfSharesRedeemed Insider Shares [Member] Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) 12.50 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = tfscu_InsiderSharesMember X - Definition Amount of cash to be paid for services if the business combination consummated. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_CashFeeToBePaidForServices Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the percentage of the initial public offering proceeds used to calculate a cash fee to be paid for investment banking services rendered in connection with the company's initial business combination. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_PercentageOfInitialPublicOfferingProceeds Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The percentage of shares redeemed under the terms of the business combination. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_PercentageOfSharesRedeemed Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of payable due to an entity that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 946 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-04.12(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6488278&loc=d3e603758-122996 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph 3 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_DueToAffiliateCurrentAndNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of new stock issued during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=tfscu_InsiderSharesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 32 R19.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual) (USD $) 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Assets Held-in-trust, Current 46,008,549 us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustCurrent Temporary Equity, Shares Outstanding 4,099,999 us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding Temporary Equity, Carrying Amount, Attributable to Parent 40,999,990 us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent IPO [Member] Sale of Stock, Number of Shares Issued in Transaction 4,600,000 us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_IPOMember Common Stock [Member] Temporary Equity, Shares Outstanding 4,099,999 us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding / us-gaap_EquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Temporary Equity, Carrying Amount, Attributable to Parent 4,600,000 us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent / us-gaap_EquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableByTypeAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember US Treasury Securities [Member] Assets Held-in-trust, Current 45,998,082 us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustCurrent / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_USTreasurySecuritiesMember Cash [Member] Assets Held-in-trust, Current 10,467 us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustCurrent / us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis = us-gaap_CashMember X - Definition The amount of cash, securities, or other assets held by a third-party trustee pursuant to the terms of an agreement which assets are available to be used by beneficiaries to that agreement only within the specific terms thereof and which agreement is expected to terminate within one year of the balance sheet date (or operating cycle, if longer) at which time the assets held-in-trust will be released or forfeited. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsHeldInTrustCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of shares issued or sold by the subsidiary or equity method investee per stock transaction. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Carrying amount, attributable to parent, of an entity's issued and outstanding stock which is not included within permanent equity. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. Includes stock with a put option held by an ESOP and stock redeemable by a holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_TemporaryEquityCarryingAmountAttributableToParent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of securities classified as temporary equity that have been issued and are held by the entity's shareholders. Securities outstanding equals securities issued minus securities held in treasury. Temporary equity is a security with redemption features that are outside the control of the issuer, is not classified as an asset or liability in conformity with GAAP, and is not mandatorily redeemable. Includes any type of security that is redeemable at a fixed or determinable price or on a fixed or determinable date or dates, is redeemable at the option of the holder, or has conditions for redemption which are not solely within the control of the issuer. If convertible, the issuer does not control the actions or events necessary to issue the maximum number of shares that could be required to be delivered under the conversion option if the holder exercises the option to convert the stock to another class of equity. If the security is a warrant or a rights issue, the warrant or rights issue is considered to be temporary equity if the issuer cannot demonstrate that it would be able to deliver upon the exercise of the option by the holder in all cases. Includes stock with put option held by ESOP and stock redeemable by holder only in the event of a change in control of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.27(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph b -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_TemporaryEquitySharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_CashMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAxis=us-gaap_USTreasurySecuritiesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_EquityInterestIssuedOrIssuableByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_IPOMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 33 R15.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholder Equity 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Stockholders' Equity Note [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] Note 7  Stockholder Equity Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock with a par value of $ 0.0001 per share with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company’s board of directors. As of December 31, 2014 there are no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $ 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2014, 5,948,000 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, including 4,600,000 shares of common stock underlying the Units issued in the Offering, 198,000 shares of common stock issued in the private placement, and 1,150,000 Insider Shares issued by the Company to insiders in April 2014. Of the total 5,948,000 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, 4,099,999 shares of common stock were classified outside of permanent equity as common stock subject to possible redemption. See Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies for detailed discussion. X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187143-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section C Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Preferred Stock -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521494 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644 Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21484-112644 Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph d -Article 4 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 34 R13.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Note Payable to Stockholder 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Notes Payable [Abstract] Debt Disclosure [Text Block] Note 5  Note Payable to Stockholder The Company issued a $125,000 principal amount unsecured promissory note to 1347 Investors LLC, the sponsor and holder of Insider Shares, on April 18, 2014. The note is non-interest bearing and payable no later than the date of the consummation of an initial Business Combination. Due to the short-term nature of the note, the fair value of the note approximates the carrying amount. X - Definition The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20,22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NotesPayableAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 35 R14.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Commitments 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract] Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block] Note 6  Commitments The Company has engaged the Representative to act as its advisor in connection with its initial Business Combination to provide it with assistance in negotiating and structuring the terms of its initial Business Combination. The Company will pay the Representative a cash fee equal to 3.5 % of the total gross proceeds raised in the Offering or $ 1,610,000 for such services upon the consummation of its initial Business Combination, exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable, less up to 30% of such fee that the Company may allocate to one or more other advisors that assist it in identifying or consummating an initial Business Combination. In April 2014, Company’s insiders purchased an aggregate of 1,150,000 Insider Shares. The Insider Shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the units sold in the Offering. However, Company’s insiders have agreed (A) to vote their Insider Shares and any public shares acquired in or after the Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to the Company’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100 % of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable), unless it provides Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not to convert any shares (including the Insider Shares) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of the certificate of incorporation relating to the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Shareholders if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable) and (D) that the Insider Shares shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, the Insiders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Insider Shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until, with respect to 50% of the Insider Shares, the earlier of one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination and the date on which the closing price of Company’s common stock equals or exceeds $ 12.50 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period following the consummation of the initial Business Combination and, with respect to the remaining 50% of the Insider Shares, one year after the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Private Units issued in the private placement described above are identical to the Units sold in the offering. However, the holders of Private Units have agreed (A) to vote their common shares included in the Private Units and any public shares acquired in or after the Offering in favor of any proposed Business Combination, (B) not to propose, or vote in favor of, an amendment to Company’s certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable), unless the Company provides its Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay franchise and income taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, (C) not to convert any shares (including the common shares in the Private Units) into the right to receive cash from the Trust Account in connection with a stockholder vote to approve the proposed initial Business Combination or a vote to amend the provisions of Company’s certificate of incorporation relating to the substance or timing of Company’s obligation to redeem 100% of its shares held by Public Stockholders if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Offering (or 24 months, as applicable) and (D) that the common shares included in the Private Units shall not be entitled to be redeemed for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account if a Business Combination is not consummated. Additionally, insiders (and/or their designees) have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Private Units or underlying securities (except to the same permitted transferees as the Insider Shares and provided the transferees agree to the same terms and restrictions as the permitted transferees of the Insider Shares must agree to) until the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company presently occupies office space provided by an affiliate of the Company’s sponsor. Such affiliate has agreed that until the Company consummates a Business Combination, they will make such office space, as well as certain office and secretarial services, available to the Company as may be required by the Company from time to time. The Company has agreed to pay an aggregate of $ 10,000 per month for such services commencing on the effective date of the Offering subject to Company’s assessment of its working capital requirements. X - Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6449706&loc=d3e16207-108621 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14435-108349 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 440 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394976&loc=d3e25287-109308 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 36 R16.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Subsequent Events 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Subsequent Events [Abstract] Subsequent Events [Text Block] Note 8  Subsequent Events On February 6, 2015, 1347 Investors LLC, our sponsor, transferred 10,000 shares of common stock to each director and special advisor of 1347 Capital Corp. for a purchase price of $ 0.0217391 per share. X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 37 R21.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Offering Costs (Details Textual) (USD $) 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Deferred Offering Costs $ 1,831,784 us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts Expense Related to Distribution or Servicing and Underwriting Fees $ 1,380,000 us-gaap_ExpenseRelatedToDistributionOrServicingAndUnderwritingFees X - Definition Specific incremental costs directly attributable to a proposed or actual offering of securities which are deferred at the end of the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011391&loc=d3e105025-122735 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section A + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredOfferingCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Expense related to distribution, servicing and underwriting fees. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 + Details Name: us-gaap_ExpenseRelatedToDistributionOrServicingAndUnderwritingFees Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration XML 38 R5.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (USD $) Total Common Stock [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Accumulated Deficit during Development Stage [Member] Balance at Apr. 14, 2014 $ 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity $ 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ 0 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember Balance (in shares) at Apr. 14, 2014 0 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Common shares issued to initial stockholders 25,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues 115 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 24,885 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember Common shares issued to initial stockholders (in shares) 1,150,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Sale of 4,600,000 units at $10 per unit in IPO, including over-allotment, net of underwriters' discount and offering expenses 44,168,216 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices 460 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 44,167,756 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember Sale of 4,600,000 units at $10 per unit in IPO, including over-allotment, net of underwriters' discount and offering expenses (in shares) 4,600,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Sale of 198,000 units at $10 per unit in private placement, including over-allotment 1,980,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther 20 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 1,979,980 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 0 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember Sale of 198,000 units at $10 per unit in private placement, including over-allotment (in shares) 198,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Sale of 600,000 $15 exercise price warrants at $0.5 per warrant in private placement 300,000 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 300,000 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Issuance of underwritter purchase option 100 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 100 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 0 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember Common shares subject to possible redemption (40,999,990) us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue (410) us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember (40,999,580) us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Common shares subject to possible redemption (in shares) (4,099,999) us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Net loss (189,755) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember (189,755) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember Balance at Dec. 31, 2014 $ 5,283,571 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity $ 185 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 5,473,141 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ (189,755) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AccumulatedDeficitDuringDevelopmentStageMember Balance (in shares) at Dec. 31, 2014 1,848,001 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember X - Definition Amount of other increase (decrease) in additional paid in capital (APIC). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from the issuance of warrants. Includes allocation of proceeds of debt securities issued with detachable stock purchase warrants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 470 -SubTopic 20 -Section 25 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28183637&loc=d3e4724-112606 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Warrant -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528364 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalWarrantIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Number of shares includes, but is not limited to, shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of new stock issued during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares of stock issued during the period that is attributable to transactions involving issuance of stock not separately disclosed. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Value of stock issued in lieu of cash for services contributed to the entity. Value of the stock issued includes, but is not limited to, services contributed by vendors and founders. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Value of shares of stock issued during the period that is attributable to transactions involving issuance of stock not separately disclosed. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of stock bought back by the entity at the exercise price or redemption price. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodShares Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the value of stock bought back by the entity at the exercise price or redemption price. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockRedeemedOrCalledDuringPeriodValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration XML 39 R10.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Significant Accounting Policies 9 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Accounting Policies [Abstract] Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block] Note 2  Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The accompanying financial statements of the Company are presented in U.S. dollars in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Development Stage Company The Company is considered to be a development stage company and, as such, the Company’s financial statements are prepared in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) topic 915 “Development Stage Entities.” The Company is subject to all of the risks associated with activities of development stage companies. Loss per Share Loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period, excluding shares of common stock subject to possible redemption. The Company did not take into account the outstanding dilutive securities in calculating the loss per share because it reported net loss for the period. As a result, diluted loss per common share is the same as basic loss per common share for the period. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The fair value of the Company’s assets and liabilities, which qualify as financial instruments under FASB ASC 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures,” approximates the carrying amounts represented in the balance sheet given their short-term nature. Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers all short-term investments with a maturity of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. The Company maintains cash balances that at times may be uninsured or in deposit accounts that exceed Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation limits. The Company maintains its cash deposits with major financial institutions. Securities held in Trust Account At December 31, 2014, the assets in the Trust Account were valued at $ 46,008,549 , of which $ 45,998,082 was invested in United States Treasury Bills and $ 10,467 held as cash. Common Stock Subject to Possible Conversion The Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible conversion in accordance with ASC 480 “Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity.” Common stock subject to mandatory conversion (if any) is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally convertible common stock (including common stock that features conversion rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to conversion upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company’s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders’ equity. The Company’s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company’s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, the common stock subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders’ equity section of the Company’s balance sheet. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that in no event will it redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets (stockholders’ equity) to be less than $ 5,000,001 . The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and will adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable common stock shall be affected by charges against retained earnings. Accordingly, at December 31, 2014, 4,099,999 of the 4,600,000 public shares were classified outside of permanent equity at its redemption value. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under ASC 740 Income Taxes (“ASC 740”). ASC 740 requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for both the expected impact of differences between the financial statements and tax basis of assets and liabilities and for the expected future tax benefit to be derived from tax loss and tax credit carry forwards. ASC 740 additionally requires a valuation allowance to be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized. ASC 740 also clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise’s financial statements and prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement process for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. ASC 740 also provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods, disclosure and transition. Based on the Company’s evaluation, it has been concluded that there are no significant uncertain tax positions requiring recognition in the Company’s financial statements. The Company believes that its income tax positions and deductions would be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that would result in a material change to its financial position. The Company’s policy for recording interest and penalties associated with audits is to record such expense as a component of income tax expense. There were no amounts accrued for penalties or interest as of December 31, 2014. Management is currently unaware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviations from its position. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In June 2014 The Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-10 to eliminate certain financial reporting requirements that have historically applied to development stage entities. For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2014 and interim periods therein. The Company is considering the potential impact of this new standard on its financial statements, which is not expected to be material. X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18861-107790 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18743-107790 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18854-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 40 FilingSummary.xml IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT 2.4.1.9 Html 50 119 1 false 21 0 false 4 false false R1.htm 101 - Document - Document And Entity Information Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation Document And Entity Information true false R2.htm 102 - Statement - Condensed Balance Sheet Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/CondensedBalanceSheet Condensed Balance Sheet false false R3.htm 103 - Statement - Condensed Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/CondensedBalanceSheetParenthetical Condensed Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) false false R4.htm 104 - Statement - Statement of Operations Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/StatementOfOperations Statement of Operations false false R5.htm 105 - Statement - Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/CondensedStatementOfChangesInStockholdersEquity Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity false false R6.htm 106 - Statement - Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/CondensedStatementOfChangesInStockholdersEquityParenthetical Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) false false R7.htm 107 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flows Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/StatementOfCashFlows Statement of Cash Flows false false R8.htm 108 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/StatementOfCashFlowsParenthetical Statement of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) false false R9.htm 109 - Disclosure - Organization and Plan of Business Operations Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperations Organization and Plan of Business Operations false false R10.htm 110 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies Significant Accounting Policies false false R11.htm 111 - Disclosure - The Offering Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/Offering The Offering false false R12.htm 112 - Disclosure - Offering Costs Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/OfferingCosts Offering Costs false false R13.htm 113 - Disclosure - Note Payable to Stockholder Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/NotePayableToStockholder Note Payable to Stockholder false false R14.htm 114 - Disclosure - Commitments Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/Commitments Commitments false false R15.htm 115 - Disclosure - Stockholder Equity Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/StockholderEquity Stockholder Equity false false R16.htm 116 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/SubsequentEvents Subsequent Events false false R17.htm 117 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) false false R18.htm 118 - Disclosure - Organization and Plan of Business Operations (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/OrganizationAndPlanOfBusinessOperationsDetailsTextual Organization and Plan of Business Operations (Details Textual) false false R19.htm 119 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsTextual Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual) false false R20.htm 120 - Disclosure - The Offering (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/OfferingDetailsTextual The Offering (Details Textual) false false R21.htm 121 - Disclosure - Offering Costs (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/OfferingCostsDetailsTextual Offering Costs (Details Textual) false false R22.htm 122 - Disclosure - Note Payable to Stockholder (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/NotePayableToStockholderDetailsTextual Note Payable to Stockholder (Details Textual) false false R23.htm 123 - Disclosure - Commitments (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/CommitmentsDetailsTextual Commitments (Details Textual) false false R24.htm 124 - Disclosure - Stockholder Equity (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/StockholderEquityDetailsTextual Stockholder Equity (Details Textual) false false R25.htm 125 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.1347capital.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetailsTextual Subsequent Events (Details Textual) false false All Reports Book All Reports Element us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare had a mix of decimals attribute values: 2 4. Element us-gaap_SharePrice had a mix of decimals attribute values: 0 1 7. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Statement of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 260 days and at least 19 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (4) as many values. Column '7/1/2014 - 7/23/2014' is shorter (22 days) and has only 1 values, so it is being removed. Process Flow-Through: 102 - Statement - Condensed Balance Sheet Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Apr. 14, 2014' Process Flow-Through: 103 - Statement - Condensed Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: 104 - Statement - Statement of Operations Process Flow-Through: 106 - Statement - Condensed Statement of Changes in Stockholders' Equity (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: Removing column '1 Months Ended
Jul. 21, 2014' Process Flow-Through: 107 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flows Process Flow-Through: 108 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) tfscu-20141231.xml tfscu-20141231.xsd tfscu-20141231_cal.xml tfscu-20141231_def.xml tfscu-20141231_lab.xml tfscu-20141231_pre.xml true true ZIP 41 0001144204-15-015101-xbrl.zip IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 0001144204-15-015101-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`+:`:D8E"PZS:4&UL550)``.73O]4ET[_5'5X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``.Q=ZW/;N';_WIG^#[AN
M=S>9D611?L2/)'?LQ+GCVR3VQ$Z[;:?C@4A(PH8BN0!I6[?3_[WG'`!\F;*3
M7 CL-V;506L;1JPVOU]]@(O+C0$;C5QN?+]]U
M]S;87U__\S^]_$NWR_XF(J%X*@(VG+&W/.67BOM?M*O/O)[7VV/PH;_;_
MYD7O-'VS166]_?W]37J:%]6RJ2`TZFW^^N']A3\14]Z5D4YYY%?&(N\9>[V\
MU/'VP'MQ7PU3PE4(1**$C^L[M\[^)E>^BD.Q.>)^VA6W2=8PFXA+7S?7H4=8Q:M6T=)OK@`/FHJGB9I3'IXT
M5,AT=\QYDM<9<3VDE;4/&J9^&][#/[^^+S%UEJI[V`:>;H`(,_82!>%`$XM_
M$B-&@G&0SA+Q:D/+:1(B_])O$R5&KS9(Q+M.C'NW.MA@F]"2@8HW<92*VY1=
M"#\%!"*8@#X,4/CVH01^/C_29U%_ZZJ_ &VD&@7;M5,\ `#!V&81]4>+8%U>#M2;LBS_"L2^Z@\>W`L4*9"LHMVF(!%;*]MI1!I;']IRB#UN];.141>=X/V[_-FN'J
M]/SL@Y@.A @`7V5#+0'(UN^"A.!M=I+'_Y>A6ZD P4
MZH$/G9YJG8G@3.'_?!B*X]GE+!'KS01?/\.JD^LXX8\Z^VPE7X>Q8*I`7
MRFL^C?PRIWP2(:;LGG.5SBX5CS2GK6!]/"L_66]>^98Y&@-S+M'6+WSYB%N\
MGR.9GF?*GW`M[MJEYI?3*!"W(KB,2625-G*\_GCT=;,SW#6/3BUSW#Q.
MV+[R]IR9J3'"+()S%4^EAMG//L:I*'/$^S@:IT)-WXIANOZV9?-LG"UY#S&>
M+HO'VWNR2.R/B08_2LRUQ@/M/OU*Y_`\$A> /2WX5#Y2RDK@,3B.[=]3R@RMV+X&^=Z+A59KZ:L]WBV7K@V5,$8EI`^EX`Z7$2:)O56GO'T6K<(T;).@Z'3JJBG45%/8=2V\+`:\/`X)JEG
M,\YV+N/^X*J_2Y^OSB)Q.5%"O(LS=0&F>71*KQ&(E7X?_L'375=(;?%[AB["
M=8/I4GJT_BE,WWX@["LH/I_U_BCS-])\3H$GU8X[^-:'P3=F:$.E0;>_NR3M
MV$I+*RVK(RW5]TV4V?[/*8LLDH;G-=V65N.Q*=V`(%[;65`1UYQ[5NX"6YO3
M_N>+MW,:MV\!.H`2?[SM*YCP%=WX5NLED-?`UG5R8M6/V13?)A6K.D]_]=#*
M!*^WV-#A6Q'%4QG=W^5#I*[W>;=1][0T\Z^@89+=(5UU2%C@J]8';P8_" `,S[P[9%/+V22T?@\1A$2^A*8]#@$2XU9COV$[^&9]\X.&CR^
M_$D&5][&ZY_#]!`FSG0Z"P'[/AQ]^MOIQP/63U+XNSUD[\X^7AXP#[]?`@IH
M]E' MC,^]J$22Y[PGG[#TW,SFBW
M?WAWQ(\PSC^],(UE[(#8+[4A_=+Y12/#_6('WM!63H%CKJ5F\8B=`SB`>'&4
MK4= 1
M+WD(M>RN"2U;"@7?F&(,\)TE9AE%P&`$GWL7/1;$8 *P=";Y0?G]28".54A0VBYDM%_HY*9%NU5`.P=BH(T`INBV
M98`:P)(A("$+2HNG:?%\!WI1T&%"\.=3-\6KQ,N#(0AW"H
M`GS?J(%';*QD\P#31`%7@88>`K*)TCI.'5U4H-!?$"&;`HAK+\"TPI0M0S2$Q=5D8B
MPPS@3C!=V)1HZ_+0)ZO3CC*L4FDH?)YI:#J%(22Q0FKE%`(CN32S'CL"B(5B
M.@O3CND/2N]RZ^DTTJG*R'QJ@?^I@1_Q T6:I[Y"P:B2(VK'4H^E"'!9(?=
M3*0_8;]G,(#1#/&JL)-EL=(LB\`:9^^.+HX96+AL;]#OE`W:$K-\,%% +5`^
M-:\B4!I'W[CLL#J-`8%EADB5^#V3:!7#9,':)F\ ,CX:D=F,_KZS51U*0@_-X$[?@QQ]C3%.$\&>Y]4QO00P%J=.FB,G4&_>
MQY67O.&J&596,W`LP_
M"A$$"'#_ND@.VM[M]/M[G9WM_0HA.XC8)KBPV.YV.OO[>YW^WJ!JJ-UP;?6'
M37RH6.'NK4OL6(:A,5X7.BJOW]G>?5$=$4D0-V#>VJXK+74K`+WFNAA&ATG8
M1;%- ,MX I\+M2F>G@T830"_0@T@VJ_8POJ'B/#=B$H<8MH:%*9&@U&"6Q*9>
M[(/AHP0N`E3-X'^%UCC#0P+0(VY#ZC@4X:S<65.8W0Z@@92IF*('`)079KD8
MZ'+*XZ!)I"9-N$*(.VW0SV92NM1MWN+EW%&56BTH:R=9;,#>H7`I#\?N&3NV
M-XX6[L+"\_LV'MR2(,^45N$^JH\R'*`E?H^L&(5L$LXZR&IS#*!OV&A&RA9;
M"PV+TZG/['[*X\:S"RO.HT-EY^(!>Z!%[J79SV$ZB;/QI,+++M-`)\*G73"`
MR5LYS:9EEL'H@T8.Z!B4GW"5`@\F*L8#$59F8'11;!@7D`*$FY(+`B&F5"G)
MAJ'T77($@G]DXZ:F^@W%0%U:@J9TA)1'8V)?:^`_NY\5GUO)I.`(-!HMUM#=
M`6._#W]>9=5;=EX!0T0)/QY'\A^"F#,:&PXKX#BJ>[*5#6:;9T-:0.#>L0WQU[JR>PD"VL5=`0Z^X-UM@-/(1^=,
M4$@O$.Z+4^C5/6%LQ\@3OV-.@%3!V#%7E#9+C,I",45*\#$&UU`84`,\%5
M!.T^M*O0LN[2D/AAK;Y0;VN[T]_?[^SO5\,4CJ,7W-4N@62_VE45_2DF4S+O
M2@8'B`;T@CK$FA>H62@?HBI@ZQQ5^$&E8@4B#0"X\52P2W[;)B8\/0S.#R68
M94IQF6SZ%88&7FSW67D%ZX *T\_,+J:C`7GM`1B)!2=MN"W\S(#
M];+;N!6VE#45Z(TQJUCWI`]#7T!T^O">%P67)YGU:
M_Y#JBTB,9&J-7B"2O,8"E#X`CRGMUO4%ID4`1 E((6.;$X
M0:W9N(,G\0TY /+C#[D'CJ6;-I#(,+Y1>TL,@"1]_"N-3H[H.A
MQ4BDV+]$OT37UAD]D;
MVJVT4J^+(DDL29O0U`__`BP.3>5R:*3`_(Z3HO)@86 _$+:=["K`V1JC`;T=G(8.>
MS49F2;YQ_7)W?9Q)$W2-<4^_1(E.;I29TUT=/'L`!;0)>R8"`,*DSI96GU8;
M2LFI]6MTIYQY10B$5Y1(^C&%3)'V$^-=
M8>OP%\5,E\[I%[&T,GVUA34<<7GM[XEG-K%C-7-A*$(IKO,`"&U!.KXO]4RY
M:"+(S!TM-M)164]DP@P!FHK&PH1=83;2EPFFHY&*)-?42$4I9&*2R`P38K*8
MPA';`\7`-SBJ8B9N4,M'U!8]#^>%I!.\/H+4,+$B>8)S).WNX49D$TT';6);
MFPY_NL1#LW/AN\N$$ 4=%B- '7@DTDWKD&L$;9\TD22F-+WCVE+MRI>+(F;?QLF&FP
M%\"L=4]M_A/4"XI3_8*"P'@H%(&<1U%6&9JUTL`"& LG5 H,MLON?MJ_Q3D`^F_%$5'[$;_/9R\]MN\')W
MC9E+_4[1B.7A.3&'>[=C7O:/7_LU6-5KOS2X3@=L#S&/>5X/(&.AS2_O5K&M
M\JUB*#ENM5J]\=1ZHYZ>GTVG9&ZGI55"\%KTCDS3-@EF;FH$Q;]GH!\&N75]
M@ON'^)!R/6,*-E+J$<=S62:'9,%)G;WZV%`9$,AKE25\#K[=0W
MT?!T6$;G1F`PG4IBES5%2C$"HZ'MO&U<=2C(%12W0OE2DSZTQ,5;8^GVBZT^
M"_A,6YO`)A :#0J+C9$^($TGT,#L6*K`OHZI
M@WL-O8X[P9=?$'B=IP*0%WNC9(KG>9[15FJQ'_&I4J6\+8&AO^V=+E"9Q3:_
MIL1X68)?%PHVC3NR!FJ>Q=?"9#_P(7RD:>789,NH/$H?FU+/74(@911B`_A/
M%[-(`KZTTY"E%F7!A:X;9M;MDVBR-0F%.4;V4\
M&A%+ A4XF9+@FX^5,*%*>](RQ42I
MM/"NR6U>T.QL\B_`0F-[.'IT;V?8O]WFR$U0VQG5]O:ZU&-^X92T:98VQW*A
M8.?5Q.ZG//O-)/#0^9[AC!G/TYS Y:)T&-'2[-DZM.>2^S%DF.O
MP7Q"9]8P15SEB?QR.$ N.,KOHO/,;DSH6HG\_/JH8_SFO!QEJ5I!UG2WZJ>2SF?!;`+DBQ
M$+K!Y0`U&(/;LW@QFVLX6Y/X_,PYIQ7'%'UK/&P#O6$>`KL!G!?V)H*$*[R+
ML'X+(SGG(O))#=?\6I..I6B#-9)X"@J/O-@'1<2\?/E+#DE*C*5.[14&10X)
M140*K3_7*\8+'NA[,:R1'*'EL;"1%'$(9ZN[Y/1XT0Q7M 8`_R,AZ`L=S:#$MZHG7MP!Y)([&NYVPV[`&"U=G@8RO-#9[7G['6UL*3-&0^U^Z%SZ*@+9(T\7UQL?3.!"A(>= ^8]+S9AKF.\7#2TMY,L&"^J"JK#G@V>
MTU7/W1%>@I+G(B@[_L5:OO6HVT\DPL^V2I,/Y4B86[1 _@M>&@15]+X36$;\A604Y>?E!L
ML7/9J39^\O_M/6MOV\J5?X4;M&@"R+ZB'I9\;_>!5->#UW6*]C%[G#T&Y.J3ART$E#`C0(OC%15^B\9CB%T\P;Z-5\
ML2*Y\Z_B?+7'KW^'"KV@=(VT4]<0WMK1%W&09ED//T@*Q%K)#&8&A'KN/(CB
M%\PYZQ\2'EI.>!CH"0^)^4+'=$AYV+4FE9S'!,]#1?55BU>.N4^MN9AA%%1+
M]4?]P7`7\??A6RL.$#Z$28,!LULUV1I):PW7"T&3IE*CN2-SNDSW5P9"3E`F
M`Z5M>[8S[MN=T7B0L?G2_BPM+] ,!P\':_6Q]60HFOW!@&]5*$K5/BU"2X
MZ^9!_%R\NX8O9]DW3<7DQ*(SWST/9!MWS(MN@ZL/#UR]9:Y^HG-U[?0.7'R?
MN#CGS 88%?R1>\5]]"*.ODY@8V&MQ$J?!/>2HY%:I6\J,*5%0$;A^$78 ?$+K`^IM0D QA
MD32'S(K#NA.0 YW:1'39[GQ*>: Z(551)[:EI"J87>C8+Q6PKTW2MMV?4)_&1E'%*N OG_'W6$"]20E@A) DCXFS_2M&]?K;K6SV7ET93I_S_70=(F?BY%Z?=2(I3.660
M*EABU2I>@&=MAV,Y]:[P]I#L(H/JD;.9$'>2&2D5&I+;)?`,;Q0S(4:^8(*SA0'K3Q@W(XK=M/>.QV>@)OV,$['W#+XVBA9X[[#
M_3Q/[J=L8\T[R;NN.4CC'+=[QXG821*O7@;&>I DFD%\GB%
MRA%D-E-)R931G7P="4%]&10"ZAVA'`!5#(/\U=(-W0:K0`N\YD+C7_?V0G-N
MS(=WJ2J6D27 R$PQ#&('F-)C-`AK 45683*';RYE"=&P^\?B5S.XJLY-UB5B^I$FC*M<6;7$H>;:\4M\
MJ9;KQ)%4'-5V6B?6&7'+++9QVK5D>H5Y&>EH:3R@7A _G#Y.)!G'"%[ZTXVI;/\I"0]DK>%#,+17K&)9_*)Y=EREZ*
MK8(O.74_R*O[^& 3#"JU7U]#'N4,S8R:35[;@L4\J'75_D;R/$?0S'7
MP4HT=,3JH*7_!%IZ]N;G+_R/JKFOS0=VH,FOQ0%JO>I;U^37$1-[KN8G?K"W
M@.4O7%OFA6DUU+M-=7]S%Z@-+JPS)Q]RE`Z4U&P"HC5G(8J-`CF5HL@C)[DQ
M$[_Q%83:>#7'2Y0;#+BF;$/*[RY>N-B8H::T:@%IL2CBR*09';31/=!&4]%-
ML:XYCS=94A?/Z11M-PSJBY28@#VA2@6?S3W-W"AB>S([X]BZ)2F=?(4J*_CF
M$.](B23?52DJN '.53Z2#Y"1#CF6COMR0+V:GWH*_"O\U@XLZUBS>LX&'MH=LYF=JB)"9
M>4$`+U\(65-8J/4P*?2M1Q$ 6HBY$FTDL)P:SLB7]A(,?4Z+!,*8<>#M$V7CI:'V7+%8#.-_'6_LUC%'PR6[6\Y8RI9:
MGH4X[)P."JJ)R_8$.:*J=_!=G>/I3N-6(2P9H5CF2$\]3FGPR(Q#I1T1VB6O
MT^;[6!,8Z[3?FJ!1JIZ"*S_@.W$9>GH6(A8F:EF\.R3,,IILF1(+YX96W96F
M4STSZ0+5,\N/P3H57!_6LXXLK56^,9!#-LLG=XB+PV[1"8T=S5915.^%_$&]
M$HW]"EF'Q'OLPG0]S0P;>.9_-_=&C/;5&U&90OU#:'/OUTZ1A9+GXYOCVVW&`^=UCHP+T#/K9`9LF*6 QX7]GL2YG$#\&)M7.UZ&`3W\N!&^\!-RX82Y6D(S@%L[8FBBEC
M"J<3D7^N4^I2*QY3R_P N,F\U>Q`:YV/`OA+
M;V*=VD-]RD2>$"_4W##MR]E979JV36.9IS+A)_I6,'`2@X;,_=&+6+)WM.`/
MSNC79-E9??K""3')-[H1(1F7+^7PIP 3-]
M6/+].D^&SHI=3V:;8 #N\'K:Z52_4LP%I^K!*-G.XG_.D
MY-',*C^ZC&C([+.RX=+QPG^B3_UZFDPEO?*QSP%I#_SMM26$W3V(B)]RV#"2
MB_5/%8-)Y]AJ)'.02+N62,C(\^V );.CXPRDD9_4>&0:7^UJ[/J/(T`:282L&/D2P>,7R:B$M>6%O:_RXJ>3
M#5^XAW9R5@=VO0_LFATT21%MH2-GFZYWF2.-25T^&".JB)$RWM,)*%1SF4[>
MX*QZK5@Q4>45K\;JN4(10[^[B0Q@6T6F+<>EWXESUZ_W3,'T^.K@?]H)WA00KL@Q30RY(XQ\>AF=J)#NM1
M:UKF *WX?4VIODO^[\N%!:JC+71A5.;.43?);W&O#NA0NBB;K@WSH"K]*
MNONY5@([]Q9>.4R81D9PR97D5BR >.V/CYH@./+QYWAP$R=[*#\8+=/N\L-.Z>8C3ON& M'IA3]6*AL;?3*GXZ`:%7V5BW:?Q/':J5GNI!5NQ:5NC:;J(\3^5\Y-I([B0Y
MR:(D'W3/#\9=(T''B]#GL?*B!W1]?-03BX)1M(UGGO`2(!:8,Q3A(0X/B
MK4>MD]Y11#S-O Y?.'8`HV#
M,J/./2=R`B,S?3UO,)3T%5;Y-1'DVL>//B'RE
M&?*VFA3?R9LI._'!`JVJXT-9#6I68![(>0\4D5!,@IGO_4<017TI&@;#;'L9S
MG,E#00#GRI^@"2G(#>H*]8L2Z&9.`;Z'[Y.34R>X?QQF9U.8BT463S[$-DOH
MD,3+B!(&/A,R^>I`NKOBQ/52O4W&55:'*BFZY:4*BZ]-[K]6I6M,XB![P7X2
MW\ .=]?[.K8VQ%N_Q7^<3Y'ZPX[V1[\&[OFS>7^#:WAL,PI
M1'_%:-"U]!/,UB#A`T8]9_*M))N%%0C28)0EY:J60;!<6:()`H5[Q8K&]R4+
M?@]`G\3 K*F-%KI^\(74R^6FCAL
MDO>8M%R"CRG)7:T%^HX+CY*>@R]]PH*N='\ 86R=*3@O<9;LM_%*TDD2=D$M([S3?@\
M(43>0[X%_'=$BIX'M7\5^L?6)=U:3`B3=S1*&DRKG>ADEZ#^Q?>";M`1WZ`C
MO$%'?J"N>`2/L%E!'D7QW5FHQM+H-G.^DP7#K9JHKM(RSB_Q( \
MMA.=1%. UQ4])Z2
M3H)RWZ9(F`ZZ0*A[[3WR4U"U9%]OU?=;ZP"GM5E)'7SZ_D:2K2'$^ME7.%F+
MR-%,0;D7 VA_-_A07[&:Y>II>8<$]M;V63O,(GOBRIPN%3!L%=9I\TTSA&K205JM="[>J\$(ZE.9PJ;F(7&3
MD;2//X^Y\U1V"K"5]^N
M[H%D/"=\OG7FXGI**YU]]R)3\(W>T'AK>C-[U]]@),E;@$+ROV^N/EV^^7W0
MI?]E6A[6`KU%5.78GQO5OG0#O,?U>-OC?4&[SVA?/XKP;#X/R%RZIF#&!IB?
MUF-^TLJ!WZ"W0KC1)>BO^`1:YUR>FD*9*#K_VN1)+9/&_L!NC:E>CVAK6X&B"_%, AV8*'T%/>@K
MO4Q'KO?F]^YQMZ>QHQ)07X!2F[*E-VR"%1Y9]W5P,J$[:;CG-K:+WS:`_=8V
M?;2':+7#ZL9[B%FKC.UTNPB>H_O_>OHO)PP=.(;P,R;J7FO-O;;+#OK=]16N
M.I!;1;$5*NW;.\+RXKL()]@=$DD@^3"2GT;VMD^WUUB$#>M0KT,ENQ_J@3/?
MY2=>D:BKE9&>G3GJ*E#7LIBN*>/_%73I_J"!A6@/US"4"/0LLF>4(*`5KIUS
ME"%_?B6NZ_ZPVL2!2S<>#DY3&,M6;`.RKU]N55%C6I6G[WUQ97=^\T^JD1J>
MGHZ[X]XK(870;H+$J%IA[PY.1NMCXO]2+.N@+^K%TOPJG%9N>/]TU!^/S"X#
M>;-/+!W/O>"0XKIW<5#M;ACU!J-3W40K6*N88-&I-M&`/LZ#D5I6I?3?.,]Z1M0]H4.V_
M.(7MT$`H7"P+TH>5N`NN:21S"$J#/IAF;?"JA8J=\235KYR%5:_#;`Q4M5"P
M3P?&IFE+U/#0 E`*.!;G
M&]*N :8U#-^NWQ
MZ6BH;>C+(:L?M-TR-^\.1G5&WC:4J^`QH;"\!;5VQ4;=RIGT162(W
MLG\5&^&R/2G_TBA& 2]]\_Z
M)SE%;U@CJZ2IUQ"1;>"-;57,=^AH\U^N?%=\%^Y=0.JM.H5"S798(_UVC.WM
M$LXL"`V35@7VI111F7)YHV18(T3'FY\EV+J8Q@,LX7KZ!7/AGL#^@YW&)LA4
M@-@@8F+"J@O3Y:HH*M!7L-8MG@&5D^^T1Y&QR4%/67E::[*KOX"]PQY;+;);LZ
M:>!Z[= %',GPX3[*#.1_UF&V`BM;W$)1./81/_
MV;ZE7KU(^3@Y:>!3WYNL*Q-C%7;M9%UME/0@D=L0M\8!:MN(@6TU
MC>-E=-HH(OV*&1SM$.&HV_2@-@NT)TSV+.V>_]F+OEV&0JC@PF?*[7Y]J3&R
M*[3=`6F[MDZ<37%IL@<7,KOZ#IM;[P)W.-*;X;^KD=.!W'[@O1UZ[C>DYRW$
MWHOSZ[*!]=<3,*-J)TTN(-\,_H9BE6AI!U)U5..H&=8*4Q/R YG:I\D
MW+7-U=%)!?=!2(L,;7/-=1C-/P.<28B=)W?&;JMR'XS=F2BDO>K @,`]>\9'U!ZAW*RBD
MS^ZG8=&UJ`0CT^#9B1XNA;@+W@L,SUP&X:T('[W)!K.[QC5AE1-;=["4+]R*
MH5*8\&2"VVM@::V5O51J\]\=X,T@7%-BGLW'W6N7+@B
M1'GCA!BHQJ@'L9[72'-_5 T/)U8"0AJU++C.6S,^><8./_V0A
MK"*6)LZ$?!U(U=K5D#8GF3*(&^6HLS'2[=IE4-?10`'9;+[)3>KD G(C$F@@>FL`K$JL7I^=F-`U*".WQWB5BN7L-AB$6>?>;2(N:R&LJE,!_@E*
M[J/PT864]?4U:#K4K;8I,QYX;:DL)-=PTQQ,9;A0 Y$\Z7EELO"
M\Q<>S0NVV)F[\'P98'\4\OD-H*LQ#$]'H[[&"&O6+]T^[D?U$7N,K@]BM0/V
M",1^OSLHV,1TT7R#9HXS`!Y4.R3;Q*X/6K6;U,R\+UXTWY$K?M%F56>A'66S
M5(WE ?!476,+U0#>0&/9P
M='HRT`O?-@(NB^*%[+BOY.'+<6D:LSWJ'MM:G54-()OD`B.X@R(0J_V96;]5
M91KP>G"\7-&T[>K\M&T"7Y*2OBDBS654ZXAHF>> R:H.2PB?NY.$37.N1MG$I-.'+C>&3[R+;,)*K%
M>6\P'N\1ZEMF*]458%NB][IXT98(OHEWN)TH4]5F\9]?$MVS[6IE8S"P3\8]
M^Z39X>7@V3HR+9QE7:NTDX:4NP/DVV5F-4W4D!1&H^'^DL*6^5M-Y[4M4XGN
M-MK!'=G$*[X>)NO01W$OE%I>E^VZEG.F-,O`3D'8"LQM'%>U/M;;/8XM ][+7.NT$V1R[=J"$*
M+PX=MX!?36,^[30K(\WK@]XN;=:T]=LB&MN5#C7M`==+!UBOR5,;Q%77F#\;
M^WAQD'1[!%:MN.3:G[6/SI8)K5H-R1%:*Y'?=HFM40N%3%9;HU0VF0IL9*A(
M_R3VX$S:A35B&)L-(QHTF4:4\Z^N`?O6\6YA,M%@$]_./NT!5BX6-91HB/XF
M\XDV0-_S'T44_WI%_\&C4J7(1B7X^N9"MH-D>18T\)EF0.3S`B?89%M\$/S?
M*S_3(!83'WGJ:6F?U4:H5*L;F2:UFT%5CYMLDZR*;V4.ITI/+.K^VPBW:I4C
MTZIY,Z@*]"XL#+WAD=7N^^ 'G]C&X=7
MHZKD\7L9A,T:7%0--*M'J29-J,7Q9"B#%-_9`-":SOT5D.H+-]G2)@/QFD!<
MX[7(Y:^T/.BNIO%)$PQJVA=DH]+K-3"1- .4P],L@_"R6J@U) 30%IMF(
MD;*JA)/&@8RB\2+7X 3KHO&E>>O+_Q*'F4OY9MR3'K0_LW2]]S&KH-S-3'@=GO
MU;SOE,@/@^9W/6C>[@]&EIK:V0YUCU0"]RS!T&W
MC2>R/ST$P-2"^_^3D^"]"`>G.Q.:2H]3X\-@-7N`+R]$.!-AQR(_AB6^@SSQ
M9_"$@_8A?R$B]RT\0CJUDCD=*Q031E.2+OXET$D94`XHO!MY"V_NA.G\>@#S
M'M@'?ROP!3ZZ"!!%9 +40CV60RD.B%_
MFM6WF4([1/22TJT'Q[7\(+:>J19Y`3)C`B2.GP0)@SNVSN9SRV%)_YQ0:N[-
M0&SHA">ZUM90E&"/?HNL:1`N4JZ*3R4JFBNB2>C=P_+W8AX\'5MW!IR1%8DY
MM7?35\;[YH&>/04Y!Y?_63CAD?#=[5/M)"9L;.!)BSBZ:/]>3%
M#_0RZ45$LKK%\(43NLB=7&_J39C\=`%Q=GMNL/PX6'H3Z]0>ZDQ.BR99/%WG
M`A9`S?=8%RJ938E6Q/")U"13"'`GT:7QN;*]HP4/
M_'1G%!]JS?]3LD3&5DK&'IN"(*C1%H3#E1SO;4;]4*PPIW^`N3`G Q=5B0;1E,%D@K$)$Y69:?\ILYY\Z?XI0;?^3W/3,AEB#
M3K?;Q?\WSI&LG 1;"*X`L)]T2+
M41*+3CP=RU"TP7P-#$)SX,#(\V0M$Y=>V_1FCQM1FW2!\89T#+)SXG9IR [7,,_R$VR4L\_B0*IL^&PIEZ4N:-L^
M1^SWG3])N;VOR)MZ';N0-5TI4Y.5^&(Y0PI8E#`>U.0M9S8#F86WH?7+V+&'
M!23)`7AL=$F$T?JF#W-HT(5REG#.
MWSWD;\`@6Z:W;B]/;[1W!_UN1_K==58ER4EYD01#X",O*UN5[` I28+65S$*K`KQ%SRNZ`&X,P)[@Q0?"-M23TQ!4K84JS
M(K\=:V**^M3OA4?`YG0D1>>K4)L]SA.;H8)M0>LJ/'94O`[< QM3!D=RS
M4$P$6$RN-0V#A $O#SXU1B'NJ>;X["3QU#\
M:>Z[ O\4&+BU='!2-ND7$Q'KQ9J/Z'"-!3$'ZC>+$T =X\Q6(BEBW(8%7%KX-F:)$"NUP
MZ2:.8?N.K3,Z5U>XJPDQ>@-S=;8=:<4OX,#Q[[Z(4QI]BP[P9(/@.8.(WED+
M,.KO00^(V+,))$3TH\(A'3CZF"WDG]CNY*6*X'-PE=ZJ@%P'K14GIOM"@.
MT]TDB9Y+H27?9[2B3-`!K!-./G]FY#S9@Q&/U!>D=^1PL>Z=.3E*)4JA0*IE
MM/2H`/PZ7=7=!B9ON$.8\>S7IEB^IB5TADLET$8HQ;UG-]6 Q5C/20!Y?5!S@T '.$NSI5$6O@/CZ86G]4T$B`BT0CGVCB-X$G`304!P">P/#.G`^#Z$Q;BS8,
M7KI4L1VX#*8_`]X2%CY6XAU)]?1[XI*+W('"^^2?B/`63OA-')3=W?/\*T-%
MPFN\\BF%F"[08CD7P&K(CJYBA%+%L<=`PW[\$*4*LRM==^;M!FKH#9H]ZYD`
M8B@=#,G)BGWV`%[,"B!J$&A%AN6 KX
MXC?+)#S,,?MP=7OS\0PT9\^?`Q#6_W@X!P!LYSC)/^LOOQ?HU2H#C=3KWZQ_
M_?7J[N+H]N;L_`(7@ZLTAQ=\O#Z[4VM_O+B[N_A,CUQ]^DOZT/GUQ^O/OUKA
M[/XM6/N=[CMXV?7G#^F#!.?1D[C_YL5'F&5W!,I;\$T7EN_$"?L\E\OXKI
M))#9*"IQ6>S5JNZ!P*"#0)72Q5%Q\\?DEQB4Z96D
M4()":PT#W@**'\\=L*4Z<5X!;(ZL512(DHG8R67
MTF>FM*.@UZ*ZCE)&R7#X)",J*,'0L(!IJP@H![9EXBWQ(\QU\!$X->XB/;XB
MF<1"NVZI#B:WS5>N,IT,H<0?I0:X\ )G6I:&8+&>DJKDI1T
M$1ZQOJG=!78ODV-')^%$V7Q-QPQ?>",*SERHD`&A(0^89H>;OWLH<1&@X,@SQJ>-FC:;A`R/XBXC:2R.##*
MX'RV@(B(TIB[XE_@;#%%JIRA*Y/K7OB@Q]#N%[DK43-O"#9E;G;^)N^;EC6L0K"IAM+6"@JV@ ?W>V]O7_WUGZG;N??KM_?PHTGC@<7#KB7.L(9'V&2>LH"Z5[@9[JWBDP8
M&;WT`1E@P:A.HPZ=)O%JWO$HR ]@[;K
M+0[`9GZ+T)>D9A9E3X*-&\@7D3$"3["7,$I?R:^CA&;*`:"MNI#U&+C@.XNY
M5/$VL#:UQE:PUI" I$Y/@.]1)CPN&"Q!OJWB-$`,)CPJ[#$VKV!O
M(UN),LI@@F?X\WF9Y9)3!\$./BJG`K1>R9E%,F\NZ4J#!Y12+P2T@PEJIOE<
M?I7*CT=@HL&O+,>#I T$9UD&VEISEC0=AZQ]]CB=CU49\G3",BJ
M?'"7*A>F%#'G+-TP3Y29#$@J-:(T=CR2PLT"03NAP#MB6$`1"=12M<685L%E
MJ/T^[K#'/O$%BF+Z:NA%;%$WSJV700"N$9(;D18PX,2'8RQI[5OV"/\=D;MV#,B5"+.%43)>=/':W^\??+'KF:.X\
M`W*_3KWOPOWMC341\WFT=+!REKZ'OR\Q*X-_3]X?)C^Y"3#ZCV'Z(RZ#OVE3
MXEHN&%4%J:[P?OT03%;XW-WS Q7A;$2I_7_Z[:&7MM?K:5##S_%E*:3_^
MY&PRF7"$P^Z)#9_=7-V=?;3.KS_?,!1%"^0!.` S,<6-!F]^/]+)K>S5>=3_!?SF[W[PY-\*
M!V2#:"0S(V]T"Y,?K3)QOMGBNG=[J/@)5''NU
M/%(3Z\U[-8Q[>]^K85TPL!S`CX\B[S_BR*%.WRI,QW^/0Q%/'E20KMI_0:T>
MQGJKAW3O+=Y\S35AFOG;LNQWN1\9%+?O:-H!LM>^=2GNPQ6FH9U0$OY0&G+<
MY@S]X!\_GG?`#`E5WG2'+0]NU-=RLG3SDAFPC"F8ZH*1/HG)I@*3;RG8A>""
M"1A0Y+Z@`89,S]ENV0S6L(`V=&I7%K+\F%94*4\N[.9;T/@ST\9WL^ZVXW[3
MSJ#9T:V%74`;PMI"1]KQ8!>`?WI1&]GQL`G,8/5TCX=50&_4)G;TM6M+V0X_
M]UH\B9.M-Y>]$YB(`X#(7M3P'4RS/Z,DCK.8 ZCK_?A_/C()S]
MTNMV^[_@Q[_@@V_D\S&@\K]OE!OYS>_T\E]R;X>___D7?)7W*_Y+4/P_4$L#
M!!0````(`+:`:D;"0J`W%`8``#]$```6`!P`=&9S8W4M,C`Q-#$R,S%?8V%L
M+GAM;%54"0`#ET[_5)=._U1U>`L``00E#@``!#D!``#E7&U/(S<0_EZI_V&;
M^[S9!+@7$/24"]!&XDA$0ENIJDZ.=T*L\]I[MA<25?WOM7>SD)=]2PB*`Y\(
MFYGQ,_.,QV.OX?3S)*#./0A).#NK->N-F@,, #2_51S/O_Z\T^G
MO[BN\QLP$$B![PRGSCE2:"`0_BY3?:=9;]8_.?I#XX/[%0GWH-%\[_S=.#II
M?#QI'OSC_-O[^I]ST1\XKO/P\%#WM0456ZAC'CBN:\:AA'T?(@F.!L;D66VL
M5'CB>49^,A2TSL6==]!H''JI8"V1/)E(LB#]_&W6E22$QGK7W&,5!RJ4EQ.KH3YS4W%7//(;1ZXA\WZ1/HU
M'0/'.16 9`8>-<=C4!H
M^FJ.,7)[TUG`VCP\^HA12!2B)NB>D?&>5#P]_',!M#GS@4GPOR!J0MT?`Z@U
MT.3H;P-:7R<3XDO*'#9'-J3\"PXCBB,9X
MKS2,!8`P4:`C[J<0C;U-68JS5X]'.5X8@YIYP\5B%&9#Q)-CA.0PGB&1=.\0
M"CT3'`^HDNF3.%QNHSF;*.]FC[^UI`0E4\L4#8'&XWU;%DB#L0MX[4@(34XI
MRD>Y.;!SW+7$(FXD3AZ`W(V5_KPK!LQ\*`A\\K4U\5[*E.6P)V@MCG9/
M0(B(?S$)374HS_L I 1!P5HF<5=&]8F85OL45KN7[),'5TWOT
M#FLGFZRBEC)/8Z](RO7"XA)W#O=`>6B.L/L*W]@=G`P9^\5;J3GF_MSL6.Z8E`:DT^JX:@TC:+Z^3&\E:'"/!:&%]>2.S[K:G.D'D7XV?PVIJ`-]EF$+9M@F:;`\`9\;
M!HO;E>?O1798.K>0]!E4[TGWOYR\';;T8M"L[AB+"/QJKZTW-?AJ TOGLW'S6`::M1ND=R4T-OJ&DJ180FSONG$AUV+WN2E^@OZALV((L
M>L'^HG(8]JK@W&B?!,$*_%GH$C?-CF&]0E-LR(+4V,ZT*2\PQ8$H;V&L*RR7
MA"&&7Z"P5#9L0?:\8&&I'`:+7_MIGS"`+R]UX#I21N:J:W -%EBSN%K,3L,.T[HKUH2`E^
M^F/#M29VCHTW07Y)#/:NO/>$7@<5]"C"\1'SVC5^US_L$*UM$TWM-> 7%@K#-EI
M\;'RG;[3QW]O$ 7_[Z_3$Z>"9I%B;QQW?.
M^^-W!R3VDR",[S^^^WIS>7CZ[N"O__ZO__++OQT>'OR-Q"3U L3,X^*_CDP_'HP].[[\/_G?^Z_\=
M7%S?'!P>?/OV[7T`+>1E"^_]Y/'@\)#^3A3&?]QZ&3D`P>+LX[N'/'_ZO'Q4?@M%L_!#5M;_G/A>7JI**MR,=W6?CX%%&,
MY6*;G[^"Z_R_R"4G+B]*K?^LLLO??B\)\EHDD Z)<
MPS?9. \\*)W!_07OUY-5W3@]$]&OO<4YEY$R3RB98X:MG\$P-I"
MNP[OX_`N]+TXG_A^4L0Y].AY$H5^2)H#TFK5!(RS)`Y(G)'@DQ?1;GO]0$BN
M(3"GO@G19G=W)`7XS7L'IP&3PITE6=ZB_XI:,2'FER0G:N6-F=$Q[`@H@[.[MRE=2[/,^D;U6?N-LP 9E#Y=1\JUACZI5MR584S4KM&5"Y//$+^BOP/[K`K8K
M^ /1HLR1%T7OI``YF__EWIWN^@ /Y/&6I"8E76VWK9@/(%'J%[?D\%4%!H5EMMY6
MY#C))T;'TK+!5\&@QX9Q2.>HS]# /L^2F#'
M""RG!='O&W4=WGG9;:G((CN\][RG(]IECDB49\M/RDYT>.PL3&9_67SLTH4_
M#$(O?;GVJ`K*O>KD>\@:`=(Z[L"QV"D$LW7+3O)&Z6K_4`/,[@:]SAA]$_&+
M]PA_WJ1>G'D^E>]\9>O`HE9:V1WT+'+,V^6\$:S&"8='-71L0OO[2ZB[L4NU
M2>SJ;GN+S+[!9#-\TA7#T_GLUY6M,H/(US+NH&^3)];.G&KU^\%*2<2G@EG4'PQW5OA@26_&G!A4_
M"8*P:EYY(*A5=`>CG:9$"1^;GW&7![.:1?8&?D_A6,:HX0Y.]_90QH/+.9D?
M(R)3OG/GU7$'8S0G,!X!RI35('%( /$F NK-RT(5]FF4%" 11Z`O/O=2^$H
MGL_2J_#^(9\5.;TN$(AG;%E5=]BA%O4JP.30W,!59I/GB.YS[PXR4O?3U
MRVSQ;>;H B* EBEC^(#]32RNZHP]-U1V>R-^` Z-7:7@AENR"[LBF'8(9/BG3'V\2VQ![
M+\(>E[`6^R^EL$=>'7=DT\2@Y&$3T"7AE0D&64AC74:I"V:SL#NR:BI0=Y@)
M=2X\'ZRC01:BV)X@9,XQ4TRA#3FDU^=@`T3_H5<2G[V(7ON2S(#\2N[(IKG&
MSA0H08,L+O$*MINPL\Q)P):;_:G4W=FF67=D-2Q(>5Z5$,EFOS5P9+&/./L'
MKFF]BXXB6P$Z,]Y_O;Y)B9<5Z T2XE\*^2..C2R6B9N#26R$,\J%\043LLIP*\LA;.T].;"SN73BT+,IVH3
M[JE-$ZN=_9D6-FP1GV+AE6()59MP^W9#')3W85J$->%\'3.VB-$MDXYK,.2LO6QHZ.).C5Z`[UN-+[1D"A:CP18O:OLZ
M=-]NT(&!"^XE+1PN%?%A"P'=`JFX5DN+[$I7QLYL5'KWW/M=AH7H#B@V86M@
ML,5O3K*,Y-G?211,XYNTR/*S(DTK5RV/'EX5]]1FZA=5LK1 F+R#KY)'&XTSR/`UO
MB[S*0ESEM%3G5-X6:!/#M?HV+*N"1!A:1`H+`K+@
M-!J'(0E&<<K=A5`:]3N)@\S$KA;V6:A/N&$$0L=:^6`L9
MMDBEFO#J^V9^)7>,())8BQ`IIRR$V"*8%C>ZL\4;E@I;"F8%USE&X&^7Z)XS
M>0H`80M?.B_(33*[NPM]Z)*SM-Y!Y Q##"X-I?%9%M(C.#.P:``^!E:4954)(=K*RM3@VD&<2)4_4+'&=>_?D
M@M[->4K#C)R#QOV0YO4J'HO(RY?9YM9KB(X5K1L'I:&PW#3I!Z;0B[.]8=CO
M:.US`!0" ).8[-$W:;B-"2,`FU;#A[%A/J
M.-AS*Y9:YQS6.'CV+"P4,.U*7*@V66@C0Z](>6"8>VG^4KNYDGUZJ7\CF1K5
M&P%=8,W`*)@K=?$A"SFM"RD=F)N%`1..!(JZ-,C)K`-$%HMJ@#1 Q+WBWFU@#1$9BC>`-BE0`E*,B"5ZN'X*=P.OY.
M@INDO*&Y/(\K9*U3J0ZX;9J?+"UHZLB0Q Z1+ $QG
M:+&64C$Z;#&X9O//.6ONIIU8-"5PL,7;VLY5YO2LAHT92$!7TL+A4A$?MK#<
M+9"*:RVTR*YT\>OPI>GP&6:E>>3YY=0DS4;'K@`@$83^J0XU-I4B9-C">&?/
M))U$45*^MR?9X4CK`$0,T7^MR).`PQ=YN]@*+`*(D\>G)%9X;TA8#Z#NH,5;
M`1*V>-LU2153F*^5!V@X;-T*!+"9$\#"%GMKC#%D6Q;CU,EV*MU%Z"Y>E94N
M I*M/N
M\G%D-2VOEG:=/H((QF;:9B'!%GQ*3X#DSX+.I\]TZR+WVW!J`#R;9D.+5B NGO7P#1OR'9DA@F4[L #E4F0T,J:\FJ4Z>\7C>[J_[#WUG(:@(.8@
MI>AQ+4@<6AJ8$;BTS&%=!IF]>_CIKS&T_RT- 3!H8"/B?>2VD4?)."7D992,':W*E4`^E17//4X$,!#R?,N\&97VF$
MO-TW;3Q6Q$T`*@3'_Z:C1@4;AS&39H'7CL.01V\D21H`1`B,"8W&E!(R#E=&
MC0R,E9!&?V3+EPJ_PFG\XCMTLC!KME60MN8Z)PB,%&VW#XHP.90VL&!P*;TB
M]R&]$DI_XQ75/`U]`G,%%9-+G[0F8$`0W:1#E2(D#BT-C!5<6BZ],%WL,4N?
MY6KWX7(BK@;2(\B#I4.("AX.&PU,$`W96':05MRL-@+(,!Q ONHRCH!\H9)4+V)](5\*[\2>\]5&@#P&&)9-&]/JR/CT-I=+,1;X,>R
M%Y9RJX67K50!@#MCNE##PB&KPU1CB4](D%T"ZG)[%/L@?2W'DS!T3%(7(.^,
MD4,3%(?'S@(B7E>#" R,J:09-LY%
MZ\Y")5C2T_ J*R]Y*XWX#J#G3'9
M-$'&H;6[.!/V;KV XT`,;AU*2)IVZ+KTY25R0@@"9@1):)E_K =I9#\"S)
M\FP/$@D..COX-4XD.+!Y--=.)#C@7DEGR?TSD>!&6K&!S3-YJP#5`??6@@3.
MOB42'%@]:9M()#C@WF#@X=FW1(*#4V3QI^;(0IM(\'SQX,/*ID#`&[.\ZPR1
MGGGY2YL`"+(\@(O79A?YOFZ2[.)'G5GX&^_BAS9=V]J[
M^!'W%5&6W#]W\1MK^M"FN[O5+GXHS_3.AK-ON_BA59>VB5T\U;KZQG#(]V;O
M,$C##2.IF.]M",,-H=,X(N66C-"(:SQ8_0&A0$,Z$8#C*K@O6\XB,<
MU@8)*QPJ%?$A,S]L@5-D,ZL] [@DY";Y1.9>&%PFBP@,9L"*K`H(C30 '#`NV![VVEBK@%.D=`)%)1!V9
MN:>Z#!EG"^B"D[N[,`H!\EF1IH!Z$@=?DMBO_B,RTTHK`VBDF1_X=*JBPO;*
M5^V&_-Q+9VF)NKKII9``0J$VP$::"X)/IC(L OVVRG2S`XJ.Q`6%O%S
M75OTA=1"*JO,[-U[1.HF)!6G"+.\ZXQW[Y+4J R;:V1L]7!KPC4RYJ_X'#S[YAH9.\@,>.;(^E%_.,[IMR;7@&D'VBNX8@_U) MHWUN6.%LS(>$S>MAZ/':\4X\-SS6?;-VS!]OG9DTC#&&;&MGG#K9CJZ)1\.X
M?TJZF]LH"]`09,D5#!BI^ZF.0^SJZ&*WO QW&:M4`*`*K5GO:-B!QW->=&5=N"&RP
M4R]]J?;;.OS)J@)@!&%3VARJP>+PV)F9A;61ELZ9_$IN'\,+<4:.$W5`'-8Z
M?")C4UZUP2>I"7!W<=E30L4AL=]!(@>H$V FD8N]X\XB%WD*E-CO:W+_#%MQ9V&+/
MP1ZV6&J=LTOGX-FSL$7`A-0#TYXLM&&+5L]3#H(]N=Z"IX8)623CFM#TZLSC
MRCO3,H.B6@.`'O16?0F3(8AFWYK9Q$%BN]%C5088N>-&2.]5!8+MJPR(;
M$;)\E::M5CT'0U!>:];J:(Q%0F*W6/49PVD7.-O`@
M2BFQ`#:[FSV1U*--9SOIB.EUMB]O[(CIV3S[:CMB>AN)\T1R_W3$;)AE>UCO
MR)2$:3MB>OS`C9TU\O>078QA:UW=MM_CGGEWUQ'3PWH5ICU9:!TQ]&ID=D6>
M25R0+T246F^M)*!">GP5+& !M6M"1ME'5[?:2G4CXI'!#(
MW")_(S&(&4WB8!(\@DJSG`K]3!9""TB2U`2T2(^F?,J4("'S@+QVLVD,9R#R
M. 1EH0^=Z#R,BIQ4?>D\S*C=I$B59L6&+8)Z
MD'KS^?RV@HK-W_$[">\?0.K),RS;]^1+036U2$U T
M8I;=6=JH`YO'1:*>YK,#P$4:8=!X%J@@H7&]O%Z(J?E@SAZ\^)YDT[B6ZCNK
MH@=WTBESTME!K[%3YL3F.5S;*7/"?V**(?=>.66,)C#KG6!-:5L2)Z&8#PF9
M@\9,-JR>W>NTAO*7E?KG+$1\6,B\-<8(0^JS,<8<6M=-N^QE/0PWGP7#A>-=
M8^-`YL.9!$%8R4(?4IO&9]4.4,J2L!X@16!]T69,`1,R5\_$]XO'(J*1K>>@
M8C_,JS?4SLDSB9(G.KE #Y'1J-02Z0&!]T>>W`4ADKB'&D4NTVUPO#)B0
M'IA%9P@V"F1^(9U84D;`Y0G2"`4!+VP0R!P^G. 7*WO]@9(8QDD
MPTH-:/T+9>4^T-D(8[:+/*1(;-N23JD=7'XF>.&[4#JD`:*M%LZ'(`8G,?
M"?NI`;(Y#8$RD$99-!S2'(38/$"B'EMZQQH.Y[(N0$9@'S`WA&N@L*4Z%_;%
MAD36*@-H!'8#@\.SA@I;SO-)\#]%EE.8V4W"L7S\[J6I%^?2JXS:;8%*$!@0
M](AN"!);1G05&+*1K-P&J`!!>(9YGFO@L"5.+^>CY=O@L_3,BR+&&B.;IJ4-
M`/C=M"0I(L.6/ETJ>[7@M.&U:@'@[YXI2@ -;ASMG<6(`$.=.QQOG
MM/LI@4<=G@4;!CT-4=U$'W'=3"RY]RKHR >7RX34F[8%0`;ALB*5D2)D"&+@9H]DW0214EIU)Z5
M8DF)X]8!A!@")EIQ)P&'+=[I2Y*3A6=)RMM&6;>/PCO>BB\.*'0!3#60]?NZ
MBRB-:5P#K;@WD34#'18#NWKV,6U\=J*7,N*_OT^>`?0SR7)* ]G`9)=]V,H5O?]#=@;>IX^34YJE(UW%2*E#-<7+*
MCSWOP'&R7"X"$E: ,F-
M"\"*`T15\94P7-//>A&0V.I!1FJTXVIQ4]F; Q[#\Y`BG!_,&=&W&W-IPAEQJG0X%.'[P9P1@!G'#+H% ]U!I$)2#X`!CJWNH:P#;/?QVR[6U8X[;&R.(I333
M74QH`MLU?@ZF*B[#XBE9\P=`>1@B/4V DR
MC#TX6]I;K#1_`)2W+R;=1LC%V1BZN&V2^(0$V27HB,8&`R(RNZOE51?T"&E=
M@(S7]-N(/G8'450$A_O.S,%UL:G?:GGP5Z2\7@4`XC7+6F)Z$S^'X,Y,JZQ^
M.:6L>-&\N(U"?W8'9WEQ'FWE-D`%"`RKW0QV@4(X?:(S2RI[KEJ_::WX+?\2%& P(
MC*+V>H(Q%7&Z1V=6TSJD D3
MMC6E^>0R2:_(4Y'Z#UX&'59[\Z#1#"@"@1ES"SU"6R> `V@!CN0"2UQNE1G!M&%X9;^0[,_/GL1'2)58M%U@Z^@`^DT`XI`8.S4LT3I
MX^,0W9F9DHHN(1`$WSD3X9O !OR2Q#W^^V;CC@#%CO+V@KF`1
M;MLT*`R!T4B?Z/:8.9W$07%E?.<3[_:[?(2EV?WQOH/J_KBCFGBWE!O/_7$L
MB7?[#M:;YB5A$FK98L\6[?L7I8,)!XM]0Z9Q7BX-FSQ+N`"=F-3'-D6;[K
MCB?Q4M]!NIO?7.1T$`DOO&]Q!W>>^`45%3:@53J%:7R7I(_E8;_YYDTU2\7R
MUVL_*MJTR:JX_;;>\!:"\[9LHN(@\-8W;FI*7.W99[T7\2+[V$3V2;ZK72@*/#
M`-RVE##!6$EXTXR4JLNHTU(K#U@Z='V8(68#CI4D-WJ;I"MR'U)'2YS3W#W"
MS=)J44#08?1J4T+X2.RDCM$CXPS0I%XTC0/R_1_D1 .L2-.5"56\O/.*`Y0.0SF;LB)&8S?OO=I`^9U$T3_BY%M\3;PLB4E0
M9NEGY4Z3UG'[_0[C*ML-'"$D.QE)]'CZ+8F*./?2E\LP(BEOT6>6!1`=1C>V
MXX4)Q4X*$,T%IAK95^0I26D0!K7R $U5L\664>*RH+F8Y$'X'S_0+X^W2<31_TH9$'H'#^\,"':R+V@N%6^7 '+`O,*A5!'@[
M>(I7Q27.5.$5.%;=_
MVME%CC69I#&+C.)N?V3SH"Z.7!2J=+7CRS'@<8";(Q1^3^&5"D8-4&'G;G(Y
M96H4KT!"%L7(D%7^E`&O#B"TNF'0>I6"RX`R:750R`(;C=.&PU]OBS_4[_K4
MI)8^6U)FGV.?.YZIUP7X"!([L(;)*ND:((R
M%LW`Y6;#!%-VM"J[-I<4426WCR&AM,ZQ7!43MI=PM)^Y1I&BN8F]9`V#.(Z!
M:13\Y8BV?.MEI,3__U!+`P04````"`"V@&I&H+_W\J ?WB[C_`==V.,814K JMF]C8F."
M1:(D>EADF6!)+5_L_[YX%A\@7F05@/:7&;64"68"OTPD$D#BC__^>5.`)UBC
MO"K_].K\]=DK`,NTRO+RX4^O/BUO3K][!?[]W_[W__KC_SD]!7^&):R3!F9@
M]0*NDB99UDGZ"Q+\X/SU^>OO`/[A[/>G/R;UZ==GY[\#/YU]^_W9'[X___J_
MP/^_^_&_P?7]$IR"Y^?GUQENH:$MO$ZK#3@])=\I\O*758(@P(*5Z$^O'IMF
M^_V;-X3^\ZHN7E?UPYNOS\Z^>2,(7S'*[S^CO$?]_(V@/7_S_WY\?Y\^PDUR
MFI>H2 (\K^OTJ2A7664"R@IR+].!=DI^=7I
M^=>GWYR__HRR5[@/`/AC717P(UP#*L#WS (5()2?/MXJ%7K;:XLSO RQ#3SKXN8%E!C,A'^'6^%7:./7'U$629JNT
MUV!!G'-5C^I+VUHG:$4;W*'3AR39XH;/OWT#BP:)WY`IZ]O3LW/NC7_%?_WS
M19I6N[+!L^)=5>1I#M'%"I&YJQ%?HSI2&7ZV81)](WJGIT@-4;6K4^C4,ZS/
M^\(D*RMA\%2(6 O_JTE!H(:_"3H_^N/[&,##2[J_F@D=2K$P3\:
M5.`4;](*S\W;YK2GS;JN-O8]RV6H[-7OCH4_2-WG#V6^SM.D;&3AEM@XWN&/
M_Z*!EVT#WJ%FK=D0=AU&,`I!P@PH=P0@=!O`(2"GC)X_1TKL>1WQL87/4:8H1S`L8*!*^%PYFM4E:ENPTL&[JL/()JRT>(
M5_1-7D.0Y2@M*K3#/]:PP)$D`DT% "=TW20;).K_!#5SC!IJ7U^$L
M9Q)PA4'-0.TL.Q,?N:Q0HXL7M=2>;4@E\Q!6>Q.AA%%X5XM.[R/"HL-_YF
MMZHB#XD`G6<90B`67VFMP+AK7% .=@LRY4 `G3&RDU![)4;G9:2,\" (>KM69#K%)&DOQI64_8!N4+^(G_/RJ4NHWA$*)3!G!6SO0*/L&BVI+XX;Y)
M'N!UVV!YRD#.TO1UMUC*^OD5K=,
M1Y*>38H"X/]MD[HA1"0SFL$FR0N8@;S$%!LJ'Z@A]JHD[\IRNFT/(MJ##Q0D=8E'$=W!^OXQJ2VLV9K3_Y$#HR[2&03.`3`+H#QQ
M3QJ6HR6=6'`9*G_8NTGR^J])L8.+]4U>)G@MFA2W)5X/4%>&F)0:!%KR>\>A
MK5Y#-!(^0!F)]]RS@@YOW/!T&M`A2">,IC^H?D)8K&O4Y!MR/$.#R2&A=_!)
MD@Y1A@D(O/8D<4-JO..'V-'UNL=4;((>26X-_X\L&Y^2H@6N50;6CM]_XM52
M+RG?BAE8HI7\T&&-&W).PRBE6=W'%Z;N>DG9;#VW("PXYD4T`9$EB"Z%=H\=6W6:*CMDD?2)7D)&MHEG#SX
MBFL"HOMKKLEPGF6(9'^E*FGJ\*Y"*%\5\+(J^0U,6TMT:\2S*3IJ.+;[AM?^
ME!^(!D#;0G2V.%-?&V-,69\@VB=HM_H[3!MRIFPKNB?=?S"X74X!>-\PIZ/;
M7PQW6^(Q@ /UA-2@&GCCL9,`S(,P.Q&P^.Y1OC F_)^'=-=6.BL)GWN7S'J-Q(W5J6,M';2=1K$G1UBJC/X#KX#N,+S$%-O)Z-SCWS!-+`YU'*A][U9PJ'Z13O9WVCT!
MO9;I.KO;=C^%V#8?U4F2@P)H:$5'0,^\I7KZ"+-=`1=K)AD2PKS;H;R$""VV
MI(H+_AVZP\.^),>LU6OV28WY7KQ/TUA:Q?-FP&(-N@T!W!(038&V+4`:`S_1
MYH+?>YHSZH-U[>PA]WBL:K=">98G] F
M(-Z6K6Q_(E01N%;C"$BGGNRZWR.&6C$^)!O\X[).2H1],D;X5;5) 5_]WBQ_A9@5K#;(Z-/[7]QWYI`7]W0+\
MQ/X:`3JDGI36Z>/=Z''Q\@3KBZ*HZ)GXQ9:`SSCV&A[_BPR-_-+"`=.>[HD!
MHXX(+ +&%NA%**@;O.%)*/@01)P1[RH@`I._^
M(7IL^GYF)1<<2O'#5D@)!0VM]PHM8_+**6-*Q0[*H0A&W]C9PTHCAIZ>->87
M6983/Y04UK[`EM$S&BPTD0K3[5F`JYN8K0R>"E;5OO#BX722%>EH2:/R6"S`
M%GI] KTP#B.XDD3F,;"`DMADP(#@8R1O8(^-(J4\YR$
MH/#3FE77&X`3>!(CV:U;A'8PN]J1*DN\:#B-/3_`9_HG[9QFV4"8&\4VFHU>
M)P:,$S!6P'A/^)+B!)#-?];`D8+%IE.C^U@JYDS%C*FXY2HBKF*)5 OY!@O()``@ALHJLN&- .R>&X_/--WT$B;)YT[\4^\$^/@D&JWAHF09" [WP6"4*+]=^2
MND[*9E%_S!\>F\6N(:^99?IHR\SJ_Z:G61MI-4!8",(X$RD`0ME.0( C9O%NS08LA7O=V2&X[,(:X9AF;41G"SGY((DE?+YI'_0:(!7- 6-.)6KU(VO#,[??G=R=G;&TT1)`WY]?D:2UO07)&VTY>WL@=DKUCB#8IV'R&TJJZT$JP@`&-Y!4-BY.$/ZJCKYW972HNS8`$GC88G7%
M1LT3#A\C\BOCU,CNV)B&0(D?][7T52.8Q'9,:(0ZW_^A*;\!+-:1AU?RL6
M(\K.#EW6S.!I=$R1%#!3^1I5U;)HW(YY0.RJDH5T/!\A:O"*NH'9N&SCOS6>
MO9K7K'=@SNP%!^A&XP$/,?!#>!]NU#U6%+U?UC!!N_JEK5=FA+>.R7^E49T&
M4M71>R"H0: M)[DE5>6Q#V09BT5-M]KQTO3=B\7E"?LF`KTA;Z6=XG5YP1O7[0K741M_@=YU
MR/RA\@(AV'2K;UZ29W9+7:DG-8MWU&FDEZZ]45):6_8T+T]I(=43P.G#X\PT
M#D- @E;L/"7M\2N@WG3R]?6
MPP2E+KM'WFJ8X198!;,-+ * -Q>*AH -!LC5J)/A!X9;G',;Q?X$0&9K/\0NZ$TL>";05>QB&N!8O?
M3*,AQQ@HNZC(*P8^K^M=,';K&,_D=3-#.'(77_>PA)! N&XW/+5.TH'.*$A+^?+
M%;A*#QEA!+.5%B_RS3\C6`+%9;;Q6.@XS!Q_':M$1M4DA5/(-9:Y)(W$&6A9
M!5C1;)U\P!JZ[YYTN##.V^EU]8)Z!^A>C"&PMW[/%GE!3WS $4(>5>D)^$".65-$ 7M^#BP]7X'ZY
MN/S+?RS>7UU_O/_-K[YY^P.X_K^?;I?_&=YP7,$Y-*UIR`QB?/;)5AU32`,S
MIRT[Q/'E7ITT$WB>/(\>BQ)89@%D/S9P=4.+JO%>IVG
M>+):U-VIRVP3-LS>[2+;TCC4PLHB$(CDD?)G4]4M>/ES0
MTZ0735/GJUU#O,6RNDL,,\"$MD(?([;2UWRN6#0#6#LGH-L2\;.LK:@.&T]2
MO5M.%*#=ZN\P;8A^VPJAG.C:GDC^`7Q[ ?\TW2
MP.)E7RP%Q5%.W]-BIVNCM`H=8@S'R,RCYR98%2BW"TE/.$%
MO(*?^W#2`#$-?OWZ[.SL'"]X:O!$>'X`YZ1:%ZW8)>:D7?-8U?D_8?8#**L2
MBB<92/:]BJDXG@9X(\=']*CS>-2QK59MLA69U/\12%E:7004E8G8RZXVCC.=
M=9R??/ !VK2SRK./QGGI6R
MZUZW)&?R\A)PXL"YYRD:D&-YIUB#5*>!UWRS'D-2PMD&0!XSSO`)%M66'/6Y
M;Y('>$UNY6_K',$KN,[3O+E(T]UF5^#E(J\E.>309:0/T+C_C/4A>D3*:+ -.>_C=`Y3/^FHSU\?:QXAR#I=
M@-1=X#51?C"KD1+I!S:9D)D,IPQ&%)F+^1F+D!EZ*WU8HA[UM/KNZ_,_Z),4
MLQ5PN-!CI PV]12LT9U,U&__=4XD
M1K(3:*N$M#U(57'U0C$=0K384K0`G8\1!@::LX3T`5$0%
M;%7=K8/.U!+>S1JE.SKRYU_S _^ODZJ8N7=WF=\?S';9DJ2W\:.;PAP"R[
M5,B1T`)"+')N`)-'4";4 H:L@/SE6;;55:/)ABX`M7ZU"AAZ+@=DL7S0QI-2+*&HCF
MX?!=[7TOBW$*5-`'JN,NRVW"4$2SF+;KQ^NS:_O=^T.QQG ;PTY2V9Q6ONTZ=E)1QRCW&%JIJ0W`RH/( O]X "2A_[
M9K-M-:2VT]$PXXV`-9YD""VVN*INB`E%8CZVV.Q;CQLPYQE/\L)>B=A_AQR,
MX]\92UO8L?DV'),6DMDPAI[-T$.C@B>LT;BJPVYG]NR#:"/L`V'#8'NJ347M
MI%JO(9UI:*79^&8=.U0.C,8!D@>;;]HSZ9-G'E,3`>.(G@B@-VH+3L_':Z")'?2T/
M:%_[HUP`LU&+#6J/T[3JQ[)4&U+9B)H3G4^Q<78T1Z+AX+9E# OLQZFNPILXD
MQ/_,R[;PE5HDJ[0IL':Q0!VF_1TCVLMX@<>`U4=$'W/TRTT-X2VY8P]1\Q%/
MHIH31O9->#]\Y*"=QF@[S">`L`/"#T0#@+00_MB2ZT@.3S1-&\:P2"7OT*4-
MS):PWC@BM,\:!3('VM@B4K`!PA>V 6*SQG/2$3?RN2%*Z;-+8E&T#`6I*6FHF%VEDC(",
M/A"L)/7$F.W3-R8-HF' D>\?7U-).Y%/Q'XF
M+]-BE]%8%7?_:5(45:/N`+]U-5U,5"ZUZ6Z?GHLBL>*4K%K3'0WZJ:?\`)_I
M7_37:JSXPY1.LM!KM)H2K]8I2IPQUGTI3\S."(ZUI>=2\GF"BJ+&)ZO?R9=\
M384-,&_R0>FE\,;G!-#1*D%NZ#S8F95[VK\?80:Q@6=69U2&+`'/I$C2Z\^@
M,'(@Z,,8QCPMR!X8TZ(^KA;N!V>,:BRETS$#5?@&`]EY(&$\(B3D'ZL=RDN(
M$$BKS2HODRCV\LQ6I#X/HS.A.);(?ZT*W,U%WKQ,2.>H&HEJV2QIZ+R`;EN(
M.*>C'U"7]:=N-'U6VF4EX1?\U,YEA;0O/ROH`]3#'9=[I(HK*_TO"`&E#`\N
M;+]5>-O>ZQ]F%5/I#YY`JN&HMJ-N/D_FL $#A#"R,K2Z'I>
MJOAG[/9PB#'>L5 -\I;].&ZBN6FO'P$3=HY0#P;!=(<=VAV6%"]&J_J%
M/$%I+`JCY?)>&4:O@UP>AM.#E@'0AS=CN;EK-2K#0C'60^(SIEDUMR5J:KKB
MNDE2R(XS:\,:%4N`R$8IO1S U619Z*P$KD;:TR-X86`B9R3+KI\SJ9SZW3,OV
MVL)QM71/!+FJJ;U`17YCTASL$$L.ITF1TD<=0()_1H]@#>FC`BO(+G>0RU9Y
M^001W;,!JZ3\A;2#8/V4IS0111)0D+[M@YU&"6F57_"0?*HSTU5W_.!47HW'8MG=Z:57MK=
M(.#$U&!9@7>0O2=U0]YGYRPA/9:[(B-6AHZKB)U3 H^(=EN9BO OSYT_V[
MI^`K'+5F55$D-6I?H_]M>&-S`*;FA5,[5,X*0$5L:TCK# QS]
MWS9PH]M(5-#[!XE";@DHA(XL@#A4""V@Q#'`1=?Y$F3,/>_S['SW%7MV].=B
M_QZY!C\FQ@!GY0V:R.>JQ6D&'HOQ$W@M4^BC\9,5XM&7]+Y\>$NQPYM\`-P>
M;*%L9\*RQK:!P+;D$/U+-A7Q^N8`2GXQJQPWJ.K-[W!KG8.'Q0[SEY8K9*AL
MX>C[*83(IJU)JL0[85F@2[,FB&6JDD1B-SI-O>PV=G'";R)%9A0F
M'7H&<Z125H`&"
M*"QZ;62^J>J-.(H>1=$`)3"&0#:@PA^4_PQ++$EQ4687V28O>6WX)\CET@#;
MR.D=YF9=A@#B'`!'4*#/(ZP@K!',TRCI:Q2)C5@B;F@Q3G`+,!6PH.I]A:PF
M@RYUN.F@)[-Z0N"Q[U>$4''R8+;,3=4DA?6<8"EX@0G"`UX#$>6TH,*'1V`W
MC[!F8F";$].4Q>K.Q.@?[B9-)``1!H%ZXD@%CW'1YRTXFJ923CF^C\`DK,`E
M68-UM%>L,Z+RC>RCG$!3X[_W(!EPT39VO=@U]9:^IR$G3X]7Z
MM@IX;'10!SGS982UV0H#RVCI*^9)Z=,WC-K7T"5HC,N?)[A.ZA+'JDCL8/SR24_T)_C0IB)/VJJ)'M8DW$_Q#@SX(\OV9OABI"S90
M'^B+M;S0 ODT[7G@'EKV(9`=S9P^?>Z.;XZ>.A='/=O:6!@H>;`;TQ%,2^`YSIOA7O#A
MAROXK6S^)MN\20IC`1`#GW &%L>`RGP6T.2_N[N<<>
M+F^-9&\'=)09_F)+416&[H6,<2F.#79>95;*]QCNWQ\V@.G.O>#V2_
MUI=2GMA.5*]ECNDYX=5,_L=U\%+,!],Y*6@9]6]/?G]V=G)V=L8>L@5)`WY]
M?D;7N^07I.#Y[=U"_;[M"5TCTW=P<>#^7.?-?JV2Y2BEI9/)BGI?FQUJ#\WZ
M7;A,,`^7-SH-MA'(+*I?I*]
M6+H&*V,)[ANH`Z.;:1,#`\X;BP?HZ3,A`*"L45JY7C-NV.=OO].;M?2V? `-Q5%;8-#J"[,6LS6OS[_'9Y*89WF"!)3QFOG9]8$,_:SU[^C
MULY_.6KPX PQ8X%BA;B,\&];E-MD#40N1$JM72QP@@S
M1O:H=3;), 2KJ?OGF07+"1!,
MK`!L./RYC8]`W)3!"7(RE[X!6U3/-C?3]&PAS^&.::$]?LL>8R8 /B$2*>VK]%S@:.DI;W*(+BLL;KG#O^-_K$J;
M6>50'PA17.$P/3-V#Y].4*)IL'H!7Y'6\1+CMZ"M[=1^X02TWP#M1Z*Y'WVT
MOJ+]M*83^;;;6SO16]6^MY+]-\)/](>UJI'*"` E'
M[M)&/5H$] +=D3M2
MA7\2;$-:YT5*#SNCN^2%%$DCQ7C3M-[!['T[.$Z6:M=@!%9KJ;FE!8O6`&^.
M%:!F#8).B[%9\\1>V*N[97PQFJ\+M,VF[([KD&9]5\-MDI/KM_1]&5Y9592;
MO*`^V,FL[1J,P*PM-; 2HCQ::O*+2TD>-149N(3LX;O%N"8/[Q0.8QB'S2Y&YB38#OT1]S& "');3>@;BF`58=#4 ?[X\SSD3F)
MF[Q,RO2(:PCG#\3B--Q[QM%Y[#_PY:\AYO>5XBS4>M]'7X!?F6A+EOYEEB'Y
M\S-8[!3"#-W@7OM0-5!LH6@\AYK%NR_02"]GT1DI(/@`E%AL!X:UT +W"YL/EJ(7Y-.^[20M9PU`4@%ECT:)"\U6WE3U
M1RCZ>[&^+?&2(BGN=JLB3Q>\$*K.UIR:\6]V;EI*4.7LM)INVP#!*V\"L#:`
M:"1L>G^FNN)H#$@K1([K(E2E.7W.XCEO'D'.5=XRE2NMREZM L.VJ2+L(,_P&ZY5\]&W>8:;&F
MX6:FQBVX->/="3AJ.9IK)CO6](=."R>\8!D8V>$/:=TS]26VG`N-\I+NW(4W
MVRE0'1KI=)SZ-4E2V.0#[A;\8[M-6&8CSJ1](]IBRVU^TT%,=V9OC)HS:?,$
M\%8[^_+$S,?F\,Y+[,??7-,F#H_8,_>[[98ES'#PGK4*DT5-696GM*_BG-0/
M935C'N-P)N//BRSJAZ3,_TFC"QQPH*K(,_H/+/@=2X72?R[67(VDV!=7ZJBQ
MA)^;=UC,7S1>Y?"?\NYECM!;0]OJ?H(N"-J/4*?3_0Q)&^P_!-HO]9P0^1B@
M7XN@F->QX#8TQ^-B;=;VWA7?Y5,D8]LO(S1>QW8HGU0J0/P=$(*PHSO:E]WAU73DL2WW3CQ,?(6C&8,)#VB#
MV/)07J51\PP:I@2$-`[['NWM,4/7=/6Q$7H]FD^$^8U#?X-ZI*M$KJ(*B0
M95;B@I$"0@LH<1S(4/3Z:T7>X''0R>]OCHT0=$2%]N$T:X"XD.)2.]K\:)
MLNN/6]KX(WS(R7*E;#XD&]7$,DX:H-2Q)*VBY'%+!PAA#)6/QSM:KH"LZ^7C
M0N$28[%.BMLR@Y__`E^T6)!H`X!!EE>!!DX(*"7`I#'@0=';,B"T77TL1%SN
MZKHWA>DC3S6Y5UQHI)8V@1AI+\R((P8U=7T7(7;]?ERW\3=8%'\IJ^?R'B:H
M*F%&'Y@9>^K3@B>`&U'+KW`GA.'T%\(!!`M[%2G@M1?KX9#]B]58'!="?ZV*
M7=DD] 10A/FUCW!;U62W
ME>SA*) I80@8E*>E5\PN>B/0-@'#&@13\2(]&*Q3` D%*?: 63GX(4
M,-HH3NG8#H/T3*35&(2#D ([\"6-A>'0EV(@//HB,K>JWMD>(_+O
M;;H22NZ%_%'W3O9L\6P?G==*N:]5D)-;8JQZR!:OX1'ABL`)2B"0O)X"`1[O
M,%Y->(>2@W;2,I&R`L'+-J8R4-5`
ML)_00.U3ZO-:=0_GN?T@(1P_M@2;XT\&]IMCT!]WR*]6=5M$Y!&(X#\
M;$A(1G`@/,RZ`G6?/L)L5\#%FMW30N)JUKL=PG$O0FW!@SL\IKIUS-P&/5^5
MFJ&Y%#ORIDB!PFYC]#J5:*Y;ZY Q].2A4SRJ
MRUC#[$[XBU@VW6Y(Z1S@(M;!X*+SB6:6T+#1^C4).E&X+-MQ,&!HAMM13J>+
M$BXQ";S!PW8/\5=8]8&J1N^+5+DF=N#U/$G:Z2-=G,S
M,&@@G5SN[`"+#>`.1]`:SHZJ+!\A2)DZM'@\2X\BT+1 LLV^"KCW\SN+`6
M3"L\:_R"_XW_A7]8)0A2-?\'4$L#!!0````(`+:`:D:Y4"6P^R0``*!Z`@`6
M`!P`=&9S8W4M,C`Q-#$R,S%?`L``00E
M#@``!#D!``#M75USXSAV?4]5_H/3^^RV)=F6-363+7]N5.MIJ6SW3%*I%(LF
M(9D9FO00I+N]J?SW7)"235'X)"'SDNF7G5X;@''NN0"!@XN+G__Z_2G<>R$)
M#>+HET^#SX>?]DCDQ7X0+7_Y]/7^>O_TT]Y?__6?_^GG?]G?W_L;B4CBIL3?
M>WC=NW13]SYQO3_HNO[>X//@\^D>_./P9/]7-]D?'@Z.]_[S\.BGP_%/@^%_
M[?W/_-?_W;NZN]_;W_OV[=MG'UI(\Q8^>_'3WOX^^SMA$/WQX%*R!QV+Z"^?
M'M/T^:>#`U;^^T,2?HZ3Y7+W@XBF;N2]UV+-\.H-)I/)0?Y;*$J#GVA>_R;VW#0WE;)?>\(2[/_MKXOM
MLQ_M#X;[H\'G[]3_!#;8V_LYB4-R2Q9[>0=^2E^?R2^?:/#T'+*.YS][3,CB
MET_I@GH9L_/18%@T\)?+V,N>2)2>1?Y5E`;IZS1:Q,E3WNU/>ZSAK[?3C?X/
M1D=CSWT.4C=D1!RP,@?R9@Z@FTT[>A "[\$AX$7$&K0
M4T4[-KHZ6RQ(`JT:].J]BLT.7,0T-;%-I9Z-KGR)4S)W7]V'D-S'=VGL_?$8
MASY)#'HE;L)&!R_BIZK%T#S;57"BQ/" @T
M*KD?-5Z)&;?:'E6JOJN.U36S1EL?N""UOP0M
M=?\Y(11PY3^_@=YNX(`)E(##^6LD[&\TU"%RL03^;AA[&W\J9#)-G"AMEO_(
MD?V)LP?*)*ITW53H/I`P_P..?F5G-)B\6TFWORO+Y-H1)=[G9?QRX)/@@"%@
M_\BA[!\.5LK17^!';[TI=>*>+6@XW9<5=T;#PXT.EXD]2S8[[R;>NGGXYQ:K
MF]K7JL3! 4`&?E5+.Z&C0)HUJ(K:)XT+@
M\S5$S%>!X#)^ $SQ69PG=:-+1D
M5)72`/ZXRTQRX?"Y/.T,EX5[ZK-9*@\&..D^GUN`
M^(Q.$#-:K*MOR3)@.]LH_>(^B:987E&`/>XBCV(L@DWZ(7H.+\`$B1M.(Y]\
M_SMYE9)8*0O(3[O+(A>,@$;,8LM%EB0;GPKYBD=4'/!/NDBF'(^`3_QBS.\D
M#/\>Q=^B.^+2."+^E-*,)-+A*:CCC$:MZJ/-AJD4E(!>S&I.@>JW.,R`@>3U
M.@A)(EH'< XI0.4.>@%?DF6 E'R$4`8&8%:`"RSQ["`/O.HQ=
MWH$HMQP@[J3R(P`BH`ZS['.?N.PZQ]WKTT,P5ITEJ7LYHJ?7RF0?0PE%Y0Y__`\)*KT&G'8C9S0IV!QC-1#:CZ#YX)'V=C^KA4%5Q%-J#*3-
M@D[EN+I9U-LT"M+`#8L5SMH:;R3+!H11?:?=8UN))3?'@#FHW@R!XG*@G5C*
MC3:5P9/ S2_NM'M&IC(6SY,E0#KON,+[HRW,Y:PO=-49C1F=
M5]RIG/E\8.\OR4-Z&5`OC&F6$)U5D*"&T^Y1A]*\_`6/#$SG1TGY1G,+`Z/T
MY\\B_R+.%Y,DRF][OIE<8\08M>-4A'QL>'5&F%E#3KLJ=WV6^".R!OC.#]3M
MV_XM#-?M^UYL+M48G_**3D7];1V1V5C4;L-I5S(U($.P]3T8`C)075_S&@E5^F!1CT:MS66
MSET:T-FBTK?7XG]U!I9>`\ZHU2!#30KXH\P`8;NW/,77C -GML:]2]TE
MN8I2DCPG`25JG@U;!B.=^:(-#`3>)P$)T3I+\>%-_T"MJ.C@^
MJ;5&NPXT/-=/ZY-_[0;);VZ8D=GB.HA 1%31O6==F^#
M-W($?8!XKJW6=X>O%'!>T31X B&`.$CRW6ANH@BY]9$(6
M_(=MJU_>HU;"#1O.Z%!.>V[D-#O[)MY)A
MDCB"?WJDM!K5Y]^T*>>HU:N^C?RB%M8=7`7^Z%BK6NF<6Q!3RQV%R9H"&_Y;
MKTMV*>W#WA( 9'W-#LD"/W"3USN7F2!?$PD2^2GK.,>MZC@-Z10?GHG!
M]D'?+>%B.2YFB_O$C2B,&``ES!.H7]DY1J']R'D4A:&<1ZD-LNQ*"D5UG&.4:@YC2B6@^N#
MB#M/@A=8Y\!WK-BI*/GF5W".40@YC <8A093
MBS0Y**3ZZIGO!T6?M(>=7D7G&(5JTH!)+826-%28U!]B2F[:WC65(NI8OEN-
M/1.GAG/ '$GSTGH
M7V;L#G.1W;=8P'XAW_)?25@VV
M9=C8(WC<1`[2';MF&\Y)JZ+IGR6VP?$SE^?ATJSHG"!++[,(KM(`C2J9IV3NNOI/$8Y>5V(AX^R5=_98.
M3%U&U9YSTCV!J[X?:5D#4>K/^LZUA@9&++#I33NR:LY)JU+8[EQ%"7H'Z4&1
M;8YGZ:- K?S#=&)=\H?NI,
M\_^PXZ#U4-B8*#E^H5?1&?5-*3'!+?"(OB1N:#_BV';ZAG&-+*FVYN95-*PH
M1)A?T!FCB/-2F%0TK6XAZ46\[AK6:OVI%:\KJN.,<01Y;5.EX)0+I`^QN&5@
MRD/E[CQ)]U-5,'V(K>7?)%8,6G$E9XPC\$MWU"J0]"'T]A96:[`P
M2XG/!\O_J3*@H$FSSAA%4)F"?+['-,;=A]C>KW?W"7%IEKR^WT]7>HRXDC-&
MD5JK,;5\CU'@QO.P>;.OB)+_]T+.&$5@V8[XKN#$\^1YT[ -(%/=)IQ3'#%INBL((UQ]2-4@!ZP5 U>T1^V&B9EK/G(DB!YQQWL#
M>]3NR:HFE Q/V^36XWD@L&XL)@+A1[
M=7-=O@*A%[&X9Y22M)P94"NNP,4%#%.461YU9$%Y]!-/>DZ?G.('/
M4K$2U7G66+>J N$GR"@#/GMAY\UF:)L%#EA:O^ @0/HZV@&@P^L+H,3.?N*Y-L-!9AW`K.
MX!"%`*5@3C#I2R#9BKG!P/5E1N[CV6(1>#`89DEY:*AY5U"TO]QK-PIG^5`17BX(Q4.AT]=CEH[&5'@X#M:77A-S`GT871:B=;(_'KP&F
M0:'FU2-:"LI6\CLM!-
MURD2JS5DV\#&C8/!D6B$=;S(%GZ!P^GKB)/"X2*R9'\*V2K1:'4(!D$A'-9S
M"!$>`(453XW;_?\375\.=!P,4F@B/+`6M?"@_0NPC,`02
MO4/*E&!#+(#3ARC[6Y(OS.=NDKZ6[LS1\]?R;Q1#6;\1,!P2941W;)MBZT/`
M?AF9 Y3OQ[^/\QO-Z3Z61PU&G.A@+B0"A.TWKH^I#
M*D\56N6DK=>`,QBB$"/TR:WG'&6T[6;W%$[K7Z,@G6>)]^A24L!1S.JB"H`2
M14R2"2>\B5Z.KP^Y-^VF91P,400J&6RJY5#ZD7ESQWD9!T,4`IF"2@'_FO!Z
MD:!SG@0O,##FH>OEHT.9I)%?`2R"0SK3Y$X47B+&UHLLG+,7DIR%89P_P*;X
MFBOK@%UP2&N-.%?`ZU?6SE7X9/ST'$=$_5*/M![8IV.*F@:<7N3UK,#33*A?
M*0_V0*&E:9#&9UN"JA>Y/5?O9RKG[XUR@!^%LB8AA\\F!T7+>3J%.^8[P$3C
M1+%-WB@%@%#(7MJT"#&TG`U31 ;J17\69+8K_(UXQJ6H"HZ;Q;5J0:0
M<4D\.C1J(!*0V'J$5-D%WZ_`U1Z9\B;`%"B4GKIC5`>=@.C6%:`W)^6`,!NW
MB@;`#"ATHUHC6`N;@.+V]23.TH!%AM#UZYY?G^/HZCLX=$#KK9Z4K3F#(Q1Z
M5-,5E290@2>T'B!U2Y8!NX##.O9FBGD2>`2F,X9-R+JR)@#'I4AI,*P)2L#F
M1ZE30C:OW2!9+?'S$^5-5Q52*:\&D'$(3P8\ZB`2W$/Y*-FI)HEK9VQ$Z68C
M8`X D,$-8`OJ[%0WU]IT[`Z!/.1AZ&]`_KA-"IBQE#*'I
M+1A/X@6Z38#5.B2HU4,G\(ENQ4[Q(+.'/;R4^/ 3+TA7)5L%*'=# \D_AVR_IZK=T(/&+6NV!63NDWUF`*O"@3F9D
MY7]$JW`1
M'YS.5>L@K]@;WQ*?@"5\#K.J*H"XI+28.SC]KZ$-7/K
M'; [!:
M"?8:!UL?XY(F],=J!4,?$N-=KGJZ\5V2\,DM[PQ.T"H)Q^+GP,10VLV$9^FR
M=O&>]"K5W'U\R:)GV'-&`&J6W)'D)?#84T>17XZ2NR92%:%^H\YHC'8W*O:1
MIGCM9^?[X-W(ES@EJS<3[^-2QO/VLX*SGJV?);*,MS$GX@M,G6*X\3;F!%<@OD2H8^I"UF_GV-(+5?\8`7KL>*5Y.E@I(_"I@%+2A!^.MC,UZ
M:.QGWO[@W3\+W`WR!):-3B(M+<3?.W,6^1=QQ*06$GD!R6_OAC&%V5-#"3!J
M!XCLGD0P1B$1U+"SGG8P_J$=\+9Q8Y3:P;B.=C#^H1T4B\4Q=NU@;*0=C'NB
M'5A^R&",4D60C%PYE#Y("3M_QV",0F)0,"F@7Q,>4LT!UNN!O[J-J,K7RBD+
MV%#H"[HL\+0&(:P?"@-X_BE*A4%C(57!T*["H!7D/HV"-'##>?80!MXZ$&-]
MQ4,KYEW:`M@!K:AP*G@&RA"$W(?7Q.YF[@7\>KF`END(FJ
M"@!&&T(B8E.%QM*S7ACN,WQ8`HQ3M/<8MKV@#C9;#X&QO';MNL1E!IY_ME@$
M80#&NL@29MBSR/\21U[Q?V1*L;(RF`N%TF7F"KJX;#T#AF%N*&6`F+O)+,DM
M5MS0T\B,HE$;3(9+_M)R!6U@MAX)Z\:]Q5- 44@[K3U+:SIRB(P!"ZE@L^4_E'/1)QMH5.\6C[JF>!2,-0C5P[E
MQU&/A@H_P:%7R)FL?]0S$4H6W;HP9^W%Z@D.44*3.C[Q,FSM'A(ITUHHCO0V
MBP$B'+I!+;;$B)">_30]>QTA>5BF`5M"6/:C15O )&(TB&6Q[L@41LU)V5)3!LG:^TO(%9=35'6"PPSK+T,4Z"?W!/8O0J
M.@`/`]$2^D1[LW1W,M,U_C7-6O0;`5KV!KZ@)INKFYUX+E\`%+`19?W1@9O9`R9\9TZ]?"(I\
M'=4>Z41D"JHXH\H5Z?9@*",R.<6A^RA$5C)+0_F0+'-
M4?"E17(941\B-5=IV.=NDKZ6(F[H^6OY-XH)7+\1,!R*E:_IG&Z*L`_!FV5D
MROE]NS`8`L4*S90ZM0.4\6$-W(S(/10AUW&6W!%P\6GT0BC4IS>AIXKF5-&XE55R1DCNMTG9X`U;-:H^A'WFT/+GN&5#\ZT0`,>X-9;2*4*Q@X#.
M#T_I"W4B2OQS-V1O9]\]$I+. Q33(743G
M)K>ZNC,\[-Q][N$ABI6+OGD%HXB#JA?JH=5;WARP%K7PH?5`/F][J
M'@YP?/KD3`DB)P1P>B$5-LP1.1R@"("L,58K&/H@"^XTZ&6`(O1!1!^?;#U4
MEF0_#-)!!3#+O?24`\N7[AK1KGH-@-UP",)-O$&*S9)"B,$G/NPVQ`#'D:"1
M3YA@ZY'$N+,;4@,<9X8-?("/"45V89Q!D=E/#U*1[R[@,CA`,59
M87/FMT#9DC %(,XSNOML0
MEXA7C^LRF#[=>M_)9; <1M`G
M\M8=C:-*00T@Z*AU,=ST='*(0OF06E3O0'(HO@;:*27J42++^$!R
M*!0S_I\=2`YQJ19\IO0/)(="T>+_V8'D$) ^EP2)H-0*-<5T%8NF@+XUAG]XNL>DC20ITX,SKZ4MC8RZO"%9"&P@D
MH5L#4X^._*912H`6]IAB";E4C.%5`+N@"//188_/NPQ7G\[X8+6I-7]OE`,S
MH-"MS(8R!X*M$[KV)^TK-XG@HT37)Y#G+@T\."M/6GYG`5+B4/!LS4`&J-\>/;W 0%X]NM"1T
M&FT_?MKRA XU!FU??6.,(_$81W=TLYES_#H
MT,Q]OF=XA$NL*9&FH%D!KBR$^KP9G@ZRE&U8>SS68/2`UQI)^5
M8CZ>ESUE
M>0JK2[((O""]S-BKHY?DA83Q,YOW8`)$QVK@FQ=#6@]:G 0F\VM/%5CM@1EQ*7.-I0P"Q3\>JTA%BP54$#8$A<>EZS:<3`<8^G8S*QDI^
MXEQS*LGK@KE0J('VIH\2K#Z].2P=!37=H%09#(9"++0X-91P]>D5XC/_OS.:
M,A/1^U@@E?[N)HD;I *]8Q@6H6T6X#S(=+ :V!H_?3PIG"(B2W;.
M@=LIBL]L$Z\H6@#3=5'Z-`'7^#%D1'Y1\X[`20?530X$6T\ NE\]P2DKY%]FS+&%9"FOSFN8-C!
M.];M+J[+>4A647;3J.3VFLML53-@/1PC7,"K>J6MAQ!?G#,EWN=E_'(01"^$
MILQ)1JM_,_<8E=RC^*DSS?_#;+2:S.C5=Y)X`14^7:]7$0R$2P^5NH`))ELA
MR^U."LRQ10QO%X)O&ZXI76]`5_J_N_CA]A[VN'#IXW48?VOE70]>/\S.@+:J
M`9^3UMI`H%0UZT6`9BMB@)"RV\3M-WM'^ 7(`T(O8AA+1IE\+/WIS\UMN9V_@#0@U7_S5U!,`E8
MQ-ZCYT)JW@PY12'_VN14Z#55V'W*B;-Q?_*6>''D!2'9`'T?:YI88_[9Q9\#
M4E!\PG;OB[NS'KZ3KD:O42?$I>22%/\MP5]="-9[H%JS$3`@BMWO[IR#[XRF
M%NI3*J!M[&>>%V=@^KG[RA:P[`5!STLRP!2X#T&86]7(W70:!,.BV(*;NH*N
M0^G;H$^I@[;M,$_(LQNP!+HYDM4;:.MGS #`!,X/!//\>#6;V\90U!(9$$>%NTRUT/ZAJNS3.
MOH3_0ZIIX9W-9F!H%.?ONW=`&W9JG/D)^T?V.HC @WU9$#U8@\P6I2>?)/ZDK`OFPGS$4(M\OGMIFL)6$BML
MGL,.Y]<2CZ;#E*N`<3#+_SORDVT+V$J&A /82!-UL`(GF*
M+.TVP'PH!/QV)AJ)26REXJV@`8#H4BW]9'BV\/@2,9J_-E
M8_XM"WSV-\T=*EU0+\O]9#!<>4G^(TU(&U?&9HOU33*.ZUAH%>R'0H3?G3]9
M,Y+`R8PCM=O/\5DV1K[^*^)2WRXKRI+#*^LZHT,42OO'SE`24PC\II//#,""
M,)?;KN/DECQGB??H4A@HQDLG@V;`B"AD\P_P)V.K"%Q+7U#'KW=JVG=GPA(8
M&K/@;M'];-A)X)#&$>_MZYVK(P;V'Y;[],4-V=`L ^M;0HH\/.I449#5`("6JS\L<9#PV>M"A8$N&/!BAV]SRR%+3RH>!)
MI])>(OS1`,666G"MX\BV.!FCWJ8.Z
M^19S3/83JWSP&G66+-TH^$?!1.3/0S>:+ I=`FUAI5KNV@7T(0X#
M_ZV?)4O,%JNMA1N^$:RSI+72/KC!25M3;B,`[WNO>_"\&;[3X'94(2M
M6/0!_E=B-X:SO]073#L_'S!4#RXE.57_!U!+`P04````"`"V@&I&TDEBB)0)
M``#76```$@``L`
M`00E#@``!#D!``#M7&UOX[@1_G[`_0?6!8KK!\5Q7G8W;GR'S=O50'9C;)SV
M@*(XT!)M$RN36I)*XA;][QU2DBW+$BW);DZ'ZDL@BS/#9_B(PQE*S.5/KPL?
M/1,A*6>#3N_HN(,(1K?.1\ZZ* R?_1/\>??H/NGT<
M(P>]O+P<>6!!&0M'+E\@Q]']2'=.%A@I+&9$?<8+(@/LDD%GKE30[W:U7N_T
M[+V+`ZJPKQ6[T,U9[^2T!]!]LB!,W7&QN"%3'/IJT/D68I].*?$Z"'QELJ^F
MT@U+&C0:&[(OIT= P2"]N
MS>G/(S1?!QIRQ,FK.\^7URTY"I0]$ZGR5:*V'&\8IJ[,US%-6J6WJ2*IFZ\`
M#3GB0(!:!D3F4F-: "01Q=0`H?+XNNEBX@OL$$+C*(:^!
MCQE67"SOX/=J0#ACX2+?B*=$5R/N@I`#4D10=Z6W6RE6@%""T"5FC$.,@=AD
M?NL[04#9E, CJP!'KQR)VW74G535=[+NA7]AIK-;=H"-ELBY/UYQYA$$O5]C7
M4>]Q3HB*",IOLC-S`G0\PM"1F)J5#10;0<9*2TE52D88(KJ:$T4!E86?33D[
M6:?ER$(_;!C] A;S5>#Y,'P*=#$+_,N(KO\E.T5F&HO4UGZ*UE9:2,O,I
M1>%,VR`T[@!1AM)=_.F/
MIQ=_05%'+=.'8]H64^M8L#\#[P[V#+0!N5Y`OL9R?N?SE^UXO&ZQ %HZU
M$62LM(14)"1G)NX6LU/UH1Q5[5RJ0-V#F&%&_V7ZA5IK!$GBP_0JE)01*;/I
M3EEA.XT7NKZCTO6Y#`6!'VFS"$/!IPUK3A/3;5I4 .BA!'?-3A-E
MLQ'WJ4M)$B&M(E;B>L=9XE+&T-H:2LRU7-DFWG1*!(Q6/+.27W8&>ED&QG."
M$MUVN$L,]S672FZ.>73+/O`G6S$K5D9&NQUZR]!_YHJ,\!)/0)&G$N"(AO"S^1T5U8/L0V;&/)U7]`A7B-]@EF`15
M7 [2>[RCHV'2:J]@E
MOI+)'6=MJI+_EK,6-D`Y:O&ULS91"TC>&98R2-)ZR8^]L>2=BRD%)JVX^K4O
M1UM':,I`62F9JWTA;!^O*8-AK15=.FL#M5!DS^R4P9#HZ(N]^\\>YRD%(%$R
M5S4@;!\-,HL-(S-]@JA M"A\W>N[UAE`R>*0CJ(-W;#TB5A92V
M NB"\\J'$7UUT4)2:1F?Z^BJY/U1DH0NL
M#L(3J8_YJD%GBGUS^E4?4>U#NDBY-S;*7BCBHW.,^K[>FX.\5H0ZO8+B5%$5
MZM:?!0^#02=2IV`_JH9-`OQK:;@%[FYL$7^,(2?.15W"/1#( 8FU;)Q_%0`7N/Q((/NBNHSZ
M*_&](1N+4"9O!AOJ="7(!6[K/5X>'4`9<2DIX+CF+/Z_`@WUNQKF(KXAEGNA
M3QZFT5MYF;SZWW[IK]_2CS72-P]*GNK/05.XX80,L^S7 +
MA;^\HL*[CG:MA\QMCE<62/`2Z@^9X4XRM*)($,,6X:(X'
M&4!VV'_'0F"F&C3I"X`5N8%U"-PD[&_8#W5@3@R#Y`JD`+('Z!9-.`%9,`HU!)/O6
MZ_1NB$6^X65T0&^EI;_QB;7D6Q+JD4DE/G HWX'="Z"^PN@G/T?W=4
M[_2A0N32BX\<2AEJH$\0"&]?8;2AC,F/9M(D1F]>=]0#7C`,7\B,:M1::'66
M%M(CE\"#ILUF'GF3#+ZURR5`%KAWAZF((WI4L6P,VP$>\.CMFCK\VK0+>2V'
MDS';=/^WI+8:WA(!/*I6OA"/@(37L("=!5>8H$N]N4"\D>`+*B$=6^KO]YJ3
M).X`6(*FW&U+L.82XLF&L;8#:]'>CO[W!H2,^1498>K=%(Q#,\SXU>5VVH
M=^R]-N?QS"(J>AYC"N_@(3:+)XP8K*R9O8%D*36QZ&&:%$9-)G%/QXJVI2W_
MV:]!+P[*P3S,ON0]W-/NR0;X71]ZT;QF9#P7A-SQ$(+`,V%#\^4(%_+>;]#^
M5RF8N_??HZ5Y#%-`0O`0Z]3AM\SU[?BT4Y?=Z+6H\>^_4$L!`AX#%`````@`
MMH!J1B4+#K-I1P``CB\"`!(`&````````0```*2!`````'1F `Q0````(`+:`
M:D;"0J`W%`8``#]$```6`!@```````$```"D@;5'``!T9G-C=2TR,#$T,3(S
M,5]C86PN>&UL550%``.73O]4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`
MMH!J1O1-=><6(0``.B8"`!8`&````````0```*2!&4X``'1F `L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4````
M"`"V@&I&H+_W\J `Q0`
M```(`+:`:D:Y4"6P^R0``*!Z`@`6`!@```````$```"D@7:;``!T9G-C=2TR
M,#$T,3(S,5]P &UL550%``.73O]4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#
M%`````@`MH!J1M))8HB4"0``UU@``!(`&````````0```*2!P XML 42 R20.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 The Offering (Details Textual) (USD $) 1 Months Ended 9 Months Ended Jul. 21, 2014 Jul. 23, 2014 Apr. 30, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Percentage Of Underwriters Discount 3.00% tfscu_PercentageOfUnderwritersDiscount Payment Of Underwriting Discounts $ 1,200,000 tfscu_PaymentOfUnderwritingDiscounts Percentage Of Additional Underwriters Discount 3.00% tfscu_PercentageOfAdditionalUnderwritersDiscount Payment Of Additional Underwriting Discounts 180,000 tfscu_PaymentOfAdditionalUnderwritingDiscounts Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 4,000,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues 1,150,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10.00 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 25,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Proceeds from issuance of private placement 1,980,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement Common shares issued to initial stockholders 25,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Percentage of shares redeemed 100.00% tfscu_PercentageOfSharesRedeemed 100.00% tfscu_PercentageOfSharesRedeemed Warrant [Member] Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 11.50 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_WarrantMember Sponsor [Member] Sale Of Purchase Option Value Of Option 18,000 tfscu_SaleOfPurchaseOptionValueOfOption / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = tfscu_SponsorMember Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 180,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = tfscu_SponsorMember Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = tfscu_SponsorMember Sponsor Warrants [Member] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 600,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = tfscu_SponsorWarrantsMember Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10.00 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = tfscu_SponsorWarrantsMember Class of warrant or right, exercise price of warrants or rights $ 0.50 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = tfscu_SponsorWarrantsMember Proceeds from issuance of private placement 2,100,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = tfscu_SponsorWarrantsMember Common shares issued to initial stockholders 15 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = tfscu_SponsorWarrantsMember Private Placement [Member] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 180,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember $ 10.00 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Class of warrant or right, exercise price of warrants or rights $ 0.50 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Over-Allotment Option [Member] Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues 600,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Sale of Stock, Price Per Share $ 10.00 us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock 6,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Unit Purchase Option [Member] Sale Of Purchase Option Value Of Option 100 tfscu_SaleOfPurchaseOptionValueOfOption / us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis = tfscu_UnitPurchaseOptionMember Sale Of Purchase Option Units Issuable Upon Exercise Of Option 300,000 tfscu_SaleOfPurchaseOptionUnitsIssuableUponExerciseOfOption / us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis = tfscu_UnitPurchaseOptionMember Registration Statement Price Per Unit $ 10 tfscu_RegistrationStatementPricePerUnit / us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis = tfscu_UnitPurchaseOptionMember Fair Value Of Stock Purchase Option 819,111 tfscu_FairValueOfStockPurchaseOption / us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis = tfscu_UnitPurchaseOptionMember Fair Value Of Stock Purchase Option Price Per Option $ 2.73 tfscu_FairValueOfStockPurchaseOptionPricePerOption / us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis = tfscu_UnitPurchaseOptionMember Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate 1.50% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate / us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis = tfscu_UnitPurchaseOptionMember Fair value assumptions, expected term 5 years Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate 30.00% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate / us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis = tfscu_UnitPurchaseOptionMember Early Bird Capital Inc [Member] Sale Of Purchase Option Value Of Option $ 600,000 tfscu_SaleOfPurchaseOptionValueOfOption / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = tfscu_EarlyBirdCapitalIncMember X - Definition Purchasing option at fair value. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_FairValueOfStockPurchaseOption Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Purchasing option at fair value price per option issued during period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_FairValueOfStockPurchaseOptionPricePerOption Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of additional underwriting discounts related to the offering paid during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_PaymentOfAdditionalUnderwritingDiscounts Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of underwriting discounts related to the offering paid during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_PaymentOfUnderwritingDiscounts Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the percentage of additional underwriters discount for the reporting period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_PercentageOfAdditionalUnderwritersDiscount Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The percentage of shares redeemed under the terms of the business combination. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_PercentageOfSharesRedeemed Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the percentage of underwriters discount for the reporting period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_PercentageOfUnderwritersDiscount Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents the price per unit under registration statement. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_RegistrationStatementPricePerUnit Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition It represents the number of stock units issuable upon the exercise of unit purchase option. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_SaleOfPurchaseOptionUnitsIssuableUponExerciseOfOption Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition It represents the value of unit purchase option sold during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: tfscu_SaleOfPurchaseOptionValueOfOption Namespace Prefix: tfscu_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)(4)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Period the instrument, asset or liability is expected to be outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Measure of dispersion, in percentage terms (for instance, the standard deviation or variance), for a given stock price. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Risk-free interest rate assumption used in valuing an instrument. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received from entity's raising of capital via private rather than public placement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPrivatePlacement Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Per share amount received by subsidiary or equity investee for each share of common stock issued or sold in the stock transaction. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockPricePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of new stock issued during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OptionIndexedToIssuersEquityTypeAxis=tfscu_UnitPurchaseOptionMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis=tfscu_EarlyBirdCapitalIncMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=tfscu_SponsorMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=tfscu_SponsorWarrantsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_OverAllotmentOptionMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: 