 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," contains forward-looking statements that relate to future events or our future financial performance. We may also make written and oral forward-looking statements in our SEC filings and otherwise. We have tried, where possible, to identify such statements by using words such as "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "will," "project," "plan" and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. Any forward-looking statements are and will be based upon our then-current expectations, estimates and assumptions regarding future events and are applicable only as of the dates of such statements. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in any forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to operate as a going concern, including our ability to successfully derive significant product revenue from the sale of IsoBLOX™ related products; our ability to raise additional capital; and those risks and uncertainties described in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" below as well as other factors. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K, all dollar amounts are reported in thousands unless otherwise specified. Item 1. Business. (dollar amounts in thousands) General Development and Narrative Description of Business - 4Licensing Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“4LC”), formerly, 4Kids Entertainment, Inc. (“4Kids”), together with the subsidiaries through which its business is conducted (collectively, the “Company”, “we”, “our”, “us”), is a licensing and technology company specializing in the sports and specialty brands. The Company was originally organized as a New York corporation in 1970, and in December 2012 was reincorporated in Delaware. Liquidity – In recent years, the Company has incurred substantial net losses and has used substantial amounts of cash in its operating activities. Sales by the Company of certain assets have significantly contributed to the funding of these operating losses. While the timing of these sales was not primarily motivated by then-current cash needs, without these sales, the Company would not have had sufficient cash to fund its operations. During 2015, the Company secured additional financing through capital raises that resulted in $750 of proceeds (see Note 18 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements). The Company will consider all alternatives available to generate additional cash to fund its operations, including, but not limited to, sales of assets, issuance of equity or debt securities, and other third party arrangements. There can be no assurance that any of these alternatives will generate additional cash on commercially reasonable terms or at all. The Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that it will be able to continue to operate as a going concern. The Company’s limited liquidity as of December 31, 2014 and the costs associated with the further development and launch of products, which could be substantial, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Emerging from Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Proceedings – On April 6, 2011 (the “Petition Date”), the Company and all of its domestic wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Debtors”) filed voluntary petitions for relief (the “Bankruptcy Cases”) under Title 11 of Chapter 11 of the United States Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the “Bankruptcy Court”), which Bankruptcy Cases were jointly administered under Case No. 11-11607. After filing the Bankruptcy Cases, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to operate as “debtors-in-possession” under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. As debtors-in-possession, we were authorized under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code to continue to operate as an ongoing business. The Company emerged from bankruptcy and commenced paying creditors in full in respect of each such creditor’s allowed claims. As of December 31, 2013, all of the allowed claims have been paid. In accordance with the Plan, 4Kids reincorporated in Delaware under the name “4Licensing Corporation.” On the effective date of the Plan, 4Kids’ common stock was cancelled and holders of 4Kids’ common stock were issued one share of common stock of 4LC in exchange for each share of 4Kids’ common stock held by them. 1 Index On July 23, 2014, the Bankruptcy Court issued a final decree closing the Chapter 11 case of the Company. Financial Reporting Considerations - The Company’s emergence from bankruptcy did not qualify for fresh start accounting as holders of existing shares immediately before confirmation of the Plan did not receive less than fifty percent of the voting shares of the Company after emergence from bankruptcy. The Company’s business consists of the following two segments: IsoBLOX™ and Sports Licensing/Distribution – The IsoBLOX™ and Sports Licensing/Distribution business segment consists of the following wholly owned subsidiaries of the Company: 4LC Sports & Entertainment, Inc. (“4LC Sports”), formerly known as 4Kids Ad Sales, Inc., and 4LC Technology, Inc. (“4LC Technology”), which, in February 2013, acquired, through Pinwrest Development Group, LLC (“Pinwrest”), of which 70% of the membership interests are owned by 4LC Technology, a patent for the IsoBLOX™ technology (the “Patent”) from The Dodd Group, LLC (“TDG”), a Texas limited liability company. The Patent covers a protective shin guard for use in products in the athletic, recreational, police/military, medical and industrial sectors consisting of an elastomeric sleeve within which is deposited protective plastic material consisting of rigid plates joined together by living hinges. The protective plastic material is solid enough to provide protection, flexible enough to better fit the wearer of the shin guard and is lightweight. In November 2014, Pinwrest filed a patent application (the “Patent”) with the U.S. Patent Office covering its newly developed body protection systems and devices that can be used to prevent or limit serious injuries from impacts or collisions during an activity. The products covered by this Patent provide body protection systems and devices that can be incorporated into articles of clothing, materials or articles such as seats, linings, or walls of vehicles to reduce the effects of impact. These body protection devices can form part of headgear, gear, or clothing that is designed to cover and protect one or more parts of a person, such as a military or law enforcement individual, or a professional or recreational athlete. The protective material uses a combination of energy dispersion and absorption to diffuse impact on the wearer of the protective gear. The technology covered by the Patent is hereinafter referred to as “IsoBLOX™” technology. After further development, Pinwrest intends to license and distribute the IsoBLOX™ technology in protective gear within the youth, teen and adult markets. During 2014, Pinwrest began selling IsoBLOX™ products to two sporting goods retailers. 4LC Sports is engaged in the business of licensing and distributing sports related brands. The operations of Pinwrest, 4LC Sports, and 4LC Technology constitute the new IsoBLOX™ and Sports Licensing/Distribution business segment of the Company. The Company reports its financial operations from these entities under the IsoBLOX™ and Sports Licensing/Distribution segment in its consolidated financial statements. Entertainment and Brand Licensing – The Entertainment and Brand Licensing business segment consists of the operations of the following wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company: 4Kids Entertainment Licensing, Inc. (“4Kids Licensing”) and 4Sight Licensing Solutions, Inc. (“4Sight Licensing”). 4Kids Licensing is engaged in the business of licensing the merchandising rights to popular children’s television series, properties and product concepts (individually, the “Property” or collectively the “Properties”). 4Kids Licensing typically acts as exclusive merchandising agent in connection with the grant to third parties of licenses to manufacture and sell all types of merchandise, including toys, videogames, trading cards, apparel, housewares, footwear, books and other published materials, based on such Properties. 4Sight Licensing is engaged in the business of licensing properties and product concepts to adults, teens and “tweens”. 4Sight Licensing focuses on brand building through licensing. Discontinued Operations - On August 16, 2012, the Board of Directors determined to discontinue the operations of its United Kingdom (“UK”) subsidiary, 4Kids International, effective September 30, 2012. The results of operations for the international business are reported as a discontinued operation. Due to the Company’s sale of certain assets and the continued lack of profitability, effective June 30, 2012, the Company terminated the operations of 4Kids Ad Sales, Inc. (“4Kids Ad Sales”), 4Kids Productions, Inc. (“4Kids Productions”), 4Kids Entertainment Music, Inc. (“4Kids Music”) and 4Kids Entertainment Home Video, Inc. (“4Kids Home Video”). Additionally, effective September 30, 2010, the Company terminated the operations of TC Digital Games LLC (“TC Digital”) and TC Websites LLC (“TC Websites”). The results of operations attributable to these discontinued companies are reported in the Company’s consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations (see Note 13 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements). Dependence on a Few Sources of Revenues - The Company has historically derived a substantial portion of its revenues from a small number of Properties and brands, which usually generate revenues for only a limited period of time. Those revenues are highly subject to changing trends in the sports, technologies and entertainment businesses, causing dramatic increases and decreases from year to year due to the popularity of particular brands. It is not possible to accurately predict the length of time that a Property or brand will be commercially successful and/or if a Property or brand will be commercially successful at all. The popularity of Properties and brands can vary from months to years. As a result, the Company’s revenues from particular Properties or brands may fluctuate significantly between comparable periods. 2 Index The Company expects to derive a substantial amount of its product revenue from the sale of IsoBLOX™ related products, sold through its majority-owned subsidiary, Pinwrest. While the IsoBLOX™ technology continues to be developed and marketed, there is no certainty that these products will be commercially viable in the marketplace, that revenues will be derived from such products or how soon products will become available for sale, if at all. One Pinwrest customer, Dick’s Sporting Goods, represented 14% of consolidated net revenues and two licensing Properties, “American Kennel Club” and “Cabbage Patch”, represented 33% and 19%, respectively, for a total of 66% of consolidated net revenues for fiscal 2014. Three Properties, “American Kennel Club”, “Dinosaur King” and “Huntik”, represented 21%, 14% and 10% of consolidated net revenues, respectively, for a total of 45% of consolidated net revenues for fiscal 2013. As of December 31, 2014, licensing agreements with the “American Kennel Club” and “Artlist’s The Dog and Friends” have expired. Additional licensing revenue may be generated from the “American Kennel Club” property though June 30, 2015. For more information on the Company’s Revenues/Major Customers, please see Note 9 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Trademarks and Copyrights - Except as provided below, the Company generally does not own any trademarks or copyrights in Properties which the Company represents as a merchandising agent. The trademarks and copyrights are typically owned by the creators of the Properties or by other entities, which may have expended substantial amounts of resources in developing or promoting the Properties. The Company owns the copyrights and trademarks to the “WMAC Masters” live action television series. The Company is also a joint copyright holder of the “Chaotic” animated television series. Additionally, the Company is a joint copyright holder of the “Chaotic” trading card artwork for the “Chaotic” trading card game. The Company also jointly owns the copyright to the “Chaotic” trading card game as it relates to revisions to the original “Chaotic” trading card game previously sold in Denmark. Competition - The Company’s principal competitors in its IsoBLOX™ and Sports Licensing/Distribution business are large sporting goods and apparel companies (e.g., Nike, EvoShield and Under Armour) with consumer products/merchandise and licensing divisions. Many of these companies have substantially greater resources than we do and represent products which have been commercially successful for longer periods than our products. Employees - As of March 31, 2015, the Company had a total of six employees all of whom were full-time employees in its operations. Available Information - The Company’s annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be made available, free of charge, through its website, http:// www.4LicensingCorp.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, you may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site, http:// www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Executive Officer of the Company Name Age Employed By Registrant Since Recent Position(s) Held As Of March 31, 2015 Bruce R. Foster 55 2002 Chief Executive Officer, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Item 1A. Risk Factors. (dollar amounts in thousands) The following significant factors, as well as others of which we are unaware or deem to be immaterial at this time, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results in the future. Therefore, the following information should be considered carefully together with other information contained in this report. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 3 Index Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows may result in our Company not being able to continue as a going concern. The Company’s overall cash position as of December 31, 2014 provides only limited liquidity to fund the Company’s day-to-day operations. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. We may need to seek additional financing or sell our assets to support our continued operation; however, there are no assurances that any such financing or asset sale can be obtained or achieved on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In view of these conditions, our ability to continue as a going concern depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations or to obtain the necessary financing. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time. The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 do not include any adjustment to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in business. Any such adjustment could be material. Revenues are largely derived from a small number of brands and may dramatically decrease if we are not able to develop new revenue sources. As of December 31, 2014, licensing agreements with the “American Kennel Club” and “Artlist’s The Dog and Friends” have expired. A significant decrease in our licensing revenues could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We expect to derive future product revenue from the sale of IsoBLOX™ related products. During the year ended December 31, 2014 one customer, Dick’s Sporting Goods”, accounted for 14% or $161 of our consolidated net revenues. The IsoBLOX™ technology continues to be developed. There can be no assurance that these products will be commercially viable in the marketplace, that revenues will be derived from such products, or how soon such products will become available for sale, if at all. We have been and may continue to be negatively affected by adverse general economic and other conditions. Conditions in the domestic and global economies are extremely unpredictable and our business has been impacted by changes in such conditions. Softening global economies, stock market uncertainty and wavering consumer confidence caused by economic weakness, the decline in the housing market, the threat or occurrence of terrorist attacks, war or other factors generally affecting economic conditions have adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations and may continue to do so in the future. Continued turmoil in United States and foreign credit markets, equity markets, and in the global financial services industry, and an unprecedented level of intervention from the U.S. and foreign governments, have continued to place pressure on the global economy and affect overall consumer spending, spending by advertisers and the availability of credit to us, our clients, and our customers. If conditions in the global economy, U.S. economy or other key vertical or geographic markets remain uncertain or weaken further, they may have a further material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The changing preferences of consumers could adversely affect our business. Our business and operating results depend upon the appeal of our brands and product concepts to consumers. Consumer preferences, as well as industry trends and demands are continuously changing and are difficult to predict as they vary over time. In addition, as brands often have short life cycles, there can be no assurances that: (i) our current brands and product concepts will become popular for any significant period of time; (ii) new brands and product concepts will achieve and or sustain popularity in the marketplace; (iii) a brand’s life cycle will be sufficient to permit us to recover revenues in excess of the costs of advance payments, guarantees, development, marketing, royalties and other costs relating to such brand; or (iv) we will successfully anticipate, identify and react to consumer preferences. Our failure to accomplish any of these events could result in reduced overall revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the volatility of consumer preferences could cause our revenues and net income to vary significantly between comparable periods. We must continually seek new brands and technologies from which we can derive revenues. It is difficult to predict whether a Brand will be successful, and if so, for how long. Because of this, we are constantly seeking new brands and technologies that are already successful or that we believe are likely to become successful in the future. If we are unable to identify and acquire the rights to successful new brands, our revenues, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 4 Index We operate in a highly competitive marketplace. In the IsoBLOX™ and Sports Licensing/Distribution business segment, our principal competitors are large sporting goods and apparel companies (e.g., Nike, EvoShield and Under Armour) with consumer products/merchandise and licensing divisions. Many of these companies have substantially greater resources than we do and represent products which have been commercially successful for longer periods than our products. Our future success is dependent on certain key employees. The success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the skills, experience and efforts of a number of management personnel and other key employees. The loss of the services of any of our management personnel or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We may not be able to successfully protect our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent and other proprietary rights laws to protect the intellectual property rights that we own or license. It is possible that third parties may challenge our rights to such intellectual property. In addition, there is a risk of third parties infringing upon our licensors’ or our intellectual property rights and producing counterfeit products. These events may result in lost revenue as well as litigation, which may be expensive and time-consuming even if a favorable outcome is obtained. There can be no assurance that adequate remedies would be available for any infringement of the intellectual property rights owned or licensed by the Company. Any such failure to successfully protect our intellectual property rights may have a material adverse effect on our competitive position. We may be subject to audit claims from our partners. We may be subject to audits by certain of our Property partners. There can be no assurance that the parties will conclude their discussions regarding the audit issues satisfactorily. Any such failure to successfully resolve any audit issues may result in litigation which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position or the results of our operations. Our stock price has been volatile and your investment could lose value. The trading price of our Common Stock has been volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations due to various factors. The timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements or technological advances by us or our competitors, and any announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, major transactions or management changes could also affect our stock price. Our stock price is subject to speculation in the press and the analyst community, changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors’ or analysts’ valuation measures for our stock and market trends unrelated to our performance. Stock sales by our directors, officers or other significant holders may also affect our stock price. A significant drop in our stock price could also expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, if the per share trading price of our Common Stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the public offering price. We cannot assure you that the per share trading price of our Common Stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. The trading volume of our Common Stock has been low, and the sale of a substantial number of shares in the public market could depress the price of our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is traded on the OTC pink sheets and historically has had a low average daily trading volume relative to many other stocks. Thinly traded stocks can have more price volatility than stocks trading in an active public market, which can lead to significant price swings even when a relatively small number of shares are being traded, and can limit an investor’s ability to quickly sell blocks of stock. If there continues to be low average daily trading volume in our Common Stock investors may be unable to quickly liquidate their investments or at prices investors consider to be adequate. We do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock, in the foreseeable future. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon then-existing conditions, including our operating results and financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. 5 Index Our certificate of incorporation, by-laws and Delaware law contain provisions that could discourage transactions resulting in a change in control, which may negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock. Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging a prospective acquirer from making a tender offer for our shares or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. To the extent that these provisions discourage takeover attempts, they could deprive stockholders of opportunities to realize takeover premiums for their Common Stock. Moreover, these provisions could discourage accumulations of large blocks of Common Stock, thus depriving stockholders of any advantages which large accumulations of Common Stock might provide. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Section 203 prevents some stockholders holding more than 15% of our outstanding Common Stock from engaging in certain business combinations unless the business combination was approved in advance by our board of directors, results in the stockholder holding more than 85% of our outstanding Common Stock or is approved by the holders of at least 66 2/3 % of our outstanding Common Stock not held by the stockholder engaging in the transaction. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or our by-laws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. The following table sets forth, the location of the Company’s executive office and other properties, the date on which the leases expire and the use which the Company makes of each such facility: Address Expiration of Lease Use Approximate Square Feet 767 Third Avenue, 17 th Floor New York, New York 10017 October 30, 2015 Executive and Administrative Facilities 6,850 3608 Commerce Drive Arnold, Missouri 63010 January 31, 2015 Administrative and General Warehousing 2,500 The lease for the Arnold, Missouri facility transitioned to a month-to-month obligation on February 1, 2015. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. (dollar amounts in thousands) TCD International, Ltd. - On February 12, 2010, Home Focus Development, Ltd., a British Virgin Islands corporation (“Home Focus”), filed suit against the Company in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. Home Focus alleged that the Company owed Home Focus $1,075 under an Interest Purchase Agreement among the Company, Home Focus and TC Digital entered into on March 2, 2009, pursuant to which the Company acquired a 25% ownership interest in TCD International, Ltd. (“TDI”). On April 26, 2010, the Company filed an answer and asserted various counterclaims against Home Focus and its owners, in their individual capacities. In its counterclaims, the Company has alleged that Home Focus failed to make its contractually required initial capital contribution of $250 to TDI necessary to acquire the 25% ownership interest in TDI it purported to sell to the Company and also failed to contribute its 50% share of the expenses. The Company has further asserted counterclaims of fraud and misrepresentation. On May 7, 2014, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with Home Focus, which was approved by the Bankruptcy Court on July 23, 2014. Under the terms of the agreement, the Company was required to pay Home Focus $750, which the Company paid on August 8, 2014. 6 Index Cornerstone Patent Technologies, LLC – On April 25, 2011, Cornerstone Patent Technologies, LLC (“Cornerstone”) filed proof of claim No. 20 (the “Cornerstone Claim”) in the Bankruptcy Court against the Debtors in the Bankruptcy Cases in the amount of $3,300. Other than filing the Cornerstone Claim, Cornerstone has not commenced litigation against the Debtors. The Cornerstone Claim alleges (i) breach of a Patent License Agreement dated September 10, 2007 by non-Debtors TC Digital and TC Websites; (ii) breach of Patent Purchase Agreement dated by September 7, 2007, by 4Kids Technology for failing to notify Cornerstone of alleged wrongdoing by TC Digital and TC Websites; (iii) unfair competition; (iv) tortious interference with contract; (v) unjust enrichment; and (vi) piercing the corporate veil. The Company disputes the Cornerstone Claim in its entirety. On November 12, 2012, the Company filed a motion with the Bankruptcy Court to estimate the Cornerstone Claim at $0 or in the alternative disallow the claim. On December 5, 2012, the Bankruptcy Court entered an agreed order between the Company and Cornerstone providing that on the effective date of the Plan, the Debtors would establish a disputed claims reserve on account of the Cornerstone Claim in the amount of $228, without prejudice to (i) Cornerstone’s rights to pursue an allowed claim or judgment against the Debtors in an amount greater than the reserve, with such allowed claim or judgment to be paid pursuant to the Plan and (ii) the Debtors’ rights to defend, contest or otherwise oppose on any grounds, the Cornerstone Claim or any other claims or litigation asserted by or on behalf of Cornerstone or any other party. On August 29, 2013, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order disallowing and expunging the Cornerstone Claim. As a result, a gain of $443 from the reversal of a liability was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2013 in the income from discontinued operations. Lehman Brothers, Inc. Claim - The Company believes that Lehman Brothers, Inc., the securities broker-dealer that purchased the auction rate securities on behalf of the Company violated its legal obligations to the Company. As a result, the Company took various measures to obtain appropriate legal relief, including initiating an arbitration on April 3, 2008 against Lehman Brothers, Inc. and the brokers who had serviced the Company’s Lehman account with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. On September 15, 2008, Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc., the parent company of Lehman Brothers, Inc., filed for bankruptcy. The Company’s arbitration proceeding was stayed by the Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc. bankruptcy. On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that it had reached an agreement to purchase the assets of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.’s North American operations, including substantial assets of Lehman Brothers, Inc. The Lehman-Barclays transaction was approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York on September 20, 2008. On September 19, 2008, the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”) filed a proceeding, placing Lehman Brothers, Inc. in liquidation under the Securities Investor Protection Act (“SIPA”). SIPC, pursuant to its authority under SIPA, has acted to facilitate the transfer of Lehman Brothers, Inc.’s customer accounts (including the Company’s accounts) to Barclays, PLC. In late September, 2009, the Company filed a proof of claim against Lehman Brothers, Inc. in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. The principal amount of the claim was approximately $31,500 plus interest. In addition, the proof of claim requested treble damages. The proof of claim is a general unsecured claim. On October 18, 2011, the Company entered into a settlement agreement and general release with the brokers who had serviced the Company’s account with Lehman Brothers, Inc. in exchange for a payment to the Company of approximately $489. On May 5, 2014, the Company entered into a stipulation with the Trustee for the liquidation of Lehman Brothers, Inc., regarding its proof of claim. As part of the stipulation the Company will have an allowed, general unsecured creditor claim against the general estate of Lehman Brothers, Inc. of $3,653, which represents the Company’s final settlement of all claims against Lehman Brothers, Inc. On May 9, 2014, the Company sold its $3,653 general unsecured creditor claim against the Lehman Brothers, Inc. estate to a third party for $1,607. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 7 Index PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (a) Market Information - On February 26, 2013, our Common Stock resumed trading on the OTC pink sheets under the trading symbol “FOUR.” Prior to that, our Common Stock was quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board Market since June 1, 2010 under the trading symbol “KIDEQ.PK.” Prior to June 1, 2010, our common stock was listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “KDE”. The following table indicates high and low sales quotations for the periods indicated based upon information reported by the OTC Bulletin Board. The prices quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up, markdown or commissions. The OTC Bulletin Board prices listed below may not represent actual transaction prices. 2014 Low High First Quarter $ 0.59 $ 1.65 Second Quarter 1.25 1.60 Third Quarter 0.90 1.45 Fourth Quarter 0.62 1.15 2013 Low High First Quarter $ 0.02 $ 0.62 Second Quarter 0.38 0.54 Third Quarter 0.45 0.73 Fourth Quarter 0.49 0.75 (b) Holders - The approximate number of holders of record of the Company’s Common Stock on March 31, 2015 was 268. (c) Dividends - There were no dividends or other distributions declared or made by the Company during 2014 or 2013. Future dividend policies will be determined by the Board of Directors based on the Company’s earnings, financial condition, capital requirements and other existing conditions. It is anticipated that cash dividends will not be paid to the holders of the Company’s Common Stock in the foreseeable future. (d) Equity Compensation Plan Information - Information regarding the Company’s equity compensation plans is incorporated by reference to Item 12 in Part III of this Form 10-K. (e) Sales or Unregistered Securities by the Issuer – None that have not previously been disclosed on Form 8-K. (f) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer – None. Item 6. Selected Financial Data Not applicable. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (dollar amounts in thousands) The following is a discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2014. This commentary should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements, which begin on page F-1 under “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data”. Overview Through its majority-owned subsidiary, Pinwrest, the Company during 2013 acquired the rights to the Patent, which covers the IsoBLOX™ technology. The Patent covers a protective shin guard for use in products in the athletic, recreational, police/military, medical and industrial sectors consisting of an elastomeric sleeve within which is deposited protective plastic material consisting of rigid plates joined together by living hinges. In November 2014, Pinwrest filed the Patent with the U.S. Patent Office covering its newly developed body protection systems and devices that can be used to prevent or limit serious injuries from impacts or collisions during an activity. The products covered by this Patent provide body protection systems and devices that can be incorporated into articles of clothing, materials or articles such as seats, linings, or walls of vehicles to reduce the effects of impact. These body protection devices can form part of headgear, gear, or clothing that is designed to cover and protect one or more parts of a person, such as a military or law enforcement individual, or a professional or recreational athlete. 8 Index During 2014, the Company was primarily focused on developing the IsoBLOX™ technology. In January 2014, the Company received approval of its protective pitcher’s cap for use in Major League Baseball (“MLB”). The Company is currently working with MLB teams to custom fit their players for the protective cap. A significant amount of the Company resources have been deployed for product development, manufacturing and the commercial launch of the IsoBLOX™ brand at retail. Our initial product development strategy is to design and introduce products into the sports marketplace, utilizing our patented impact protection technology. The costs associated with the further development and launch of products could be substantial. Provided that we generate the necessary resources, we will continue to work to refine both our technology and our product lines. These initiatives, while important to the future of the Company, did not translate into significant revenues during 2014. Our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and positive cash flow is dependent upon the success of the IsoBLOX™ products that we launch into the marketplace and upon the success of our reorganizational efforts and a number of other factors, including our ability to generate additional revenues. Emerging from Chapter 11 Bankruptcy Proceedings – On April 6, 2011, the Company and all of its domestic wholly owned subsidiaries filed under the Bankruptcy Code in the Bankruptcy Court. After filing the Bankruptcy Cases, the Company and its subsidiaries continued to operate as “debtors-in-possession” under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and orders of the Bankruptcy Court. As debtors-in-possession, we were authorized under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code to continue to operate as an ongoing business. The Company emerged from bankruptcy and commenced paying creditors in full in respect of each such creditor’s allowed claims. As of December 31, 2013, all of the allowed claims have been paid. In accordance with the Plan, 4Kids reincorporated in Delaware under the name “4Licensing Corporation.” On the effective date of the Plan, 4Kids’ common stock was cancelled and holders of 4Kids’ common stock were issued one share of common stock of 4LC in exchange for each share of 4Kids’ common stock held by them. On July 23, 2014, the Bankruptcy Court issued a final decree closing the Chapter 11 case of the Company. Financial Reporting Considerations - The Company’s emergence from bankruptcy did not qualify for fresh start accounting as holders of existing shares immediately before confirmation of the Plan did not receive less than fifty percent of the voting shares of the Company after emergence from bankruptcy. General The Company receives revenues from licensing and product sales. The Company historically has derived a substantial portion of its licensing revenues from a small number of Properties and brands, which usually generate revenues for only a limited period of time. The Company’s revenues are highly subject to changing trends in the youth oriented markets, sports and specialty brands, potentially causing dramatic increases and decreases from year to year due to the popularity of particular Properties or brands. It is not possible to accurately predict the length of time a Property or brand will be commercially successful and/or if a Property or brand will be commercially successful at all. The popularity of Properties or brands can vary from months to years. As a result, the Company’s revenues from particular Properties or brands may fluctuate significantly between comparable periods. The Company expects to derive future product revenue from the sale of IsoBLOX™ related products, sold through its majority-owned subsidiary Pinwrest. While the IsoBLOX™ technology continues to be developed and marketed, there is no certainty that these products will be commercially viable in the marketplace, that revenues will be derived from such products or how soon products will become available for sale, if at all. There can be no assurance that these products will generate revenue. Because of the sale of a significant amount of assets and the continued lack of profitability, effective June 30, 2012, the Company terminated the operations 4Kids Music, 4Kids Home Video, 4Kids Production and 4Kids Ad Sales. The closure of the business of these wholly-owned subsidiaries resulted in the Company being reduced to having operations in only the licensing business segment in 2012. 9 Index Effective September 30, 2012, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, 4Kids International terminated its operations. 4Kids International, based in London, England, managed Properties represented by the Company in the UK and European marketplaces. The closing of 4Kids International has enabled the Company to further reduce costs and focus on its core licensing business. The results of operations for these terminated operations which constituted the advertising media and broadcast segment, television and film production/distribution segment and the trading card and game distribution segment, are reported as discontinued operations. Critical Accounting Policies The Company’s accounting policies are fully described in Note 2 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Below is a summary of the critical accounting policies, among others, that management believes involve significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Reorganization Items - The Company’s costs relate to professional, consulting and trustee fees in conjunction with the filing of the Bankruptcy Cases. These types of expenditures are expensed as incurred and reported as reorganization items. Other Estimates - The Company estimates reserves for uncollectible receivables. The Company estimates the amount of uncollectible receivables by monitoring delinquent accounts and estimating a reserve based on contractual terms and other customer specific issues. Inventory Obsolescence - The Company reviews the carrying value of its inventory for estimated obsolete or unmarketable inventory. When the carrying value of the inventory exceeds its realizable value, the Company records an inventory write-down in an amount equal to the difference between the cost of inventory and the estimated market value based upon assumptions about future demand and current market conditions. As of December 31, 2014, the Company recorded a write-down of $171 to reduce the carrying value of its finished goods. If actual market conditions are less favorable than those estimated by management, additional inventory reserves may be required. Customer Allowance - We generally maintain a customer allowance for product returns based on estimates of the amount of product to be returned by our customers which may result from expired or damaged product on delivery or for price reductions on the related sales and is based on historical patterns, analysis of market demand and/or a percentage of sales based on industry trends, and management’s evaluation of specific factors that may increase the risk of product returns. The customer allowance also provides for promotional arrangements and other adjustments taken by our customers. The calculation of the customer allowance requires estimates and involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment. As a result of the uncertainties involved in estimating the customer allowance, there is a possibility that materially different amounts could be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. As of December 31, 2014, our customer allowances were approximately $219; of which $213 was recorded as accrued liabilities and $6 as a reduction of accounts receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. We evaluate our customer allowances quarterly and adjust it when events indicate that a change in estimate is appropriate. Changes in estimates could materially affect our results of operations or financial position. It is possible that we may need to adjust our estimates in future periods. Revenue Recognition - The Company’s revenue recognition policies are appropriate to the circumstances of its business. See Note 2 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for a discussion of these revenue recognition policies. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations discusses the Company’s consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company continually evaluates the policies and estimates that it uses to prepare its consolidated financial statements. In general, management’s estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience, known trends or events, information from third-party professionals and other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making the judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions and conditions. 10 Index Recently Adopted Accounting Standards – The Company did not adopt any new accounting standards in 2014. Recently Issued Accounting Standards – In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-8, "Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity.” The standard changes the criteria for determining which disposals can be presented as discontinued operations and modifies related disclosure requirements. Under the new guidance, a discontinued operation is defined as a disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a strategic shift that has a major effect on an entity’s operations and financial results. This accounting guidance applies prospectively to new disposals and new classifications of disposal groups as held for sale. The guidance is effective for the Company on a prospective basis beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. In May 2014, the FASB issued an ASU which supersedes the most current revenue recognition requirements. The new revenue recognition standard requires entities to recognize revenue in a way that depicts the transfer of goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. This guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption not permitted. We are currently evaluating the standard to determine the impact of its adoption on our consolidated financial statements. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements-Going Concern", which establishes management’s responsibility to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern in connection with preparing financial statements for each annual and interim reporting period. ASU 2014-15 also provides guidance to determine whether to disclose information about relevant conditions and events when there is substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern. This update is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016; early adoption is permitted. We are currently evaluating the impact that this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements. 11 Index Results of Operations The following table sets forth our results of operations expressed as a percentage of total net revenues for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. 2014 2013 Net revenues 100 % 100 % Costs and expenses: Selling, general and administrative 367 442 Cost of product sales 31 4 Total costs and expenses 398 446 Loss from operations (298 ) (346 ) Other income (expense): Gain on settlement of claims 138 — Gain on sale of assets 23 — Interest expense (29 ) — Total other expense 132 — Loss from continuing operations before reorganization and litigation items (166 ) (346 ) Reorganization items (3 ) (12 ) Gain on settlement of pre-petition liabilities — 2 Loss from continuing operations before income taxes (169 ) (356 ) Benefit from (provision for) income taxes — — Loss from continuing operations (169 ) (356 ) Income from discontinued operations 33 96 Net loss (136 ) (260 ) Loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, continuing operations 61 27 Income attributable to noncontrolling interests, discontinued operations (2 ) (33 ) Net loss attributable to 4Licensing Corporation (77 )% (266 )% Year Ended December 31, 2014 as compared to Year Ended December 31, 2013 (dollar amounts in thousands) Revenues 2014 2013 $ Change % Change Revenues $ 1,166 $ 1,214 $ (48 ) (4 )% The decrease in consolidated net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2014, as compared to 2013, was primarily attributable to reduced licensing revenues of approximately $250 partially offset by increased product revenue of approximately $200. 12 Index Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 20%, or $1,080, to $4,284 for the year ended December 31, 2014, when compared to 2013. The decrease was primarily attributable to broad cost-cutting initiatives implemented throughout the Company as well as the completion of legal proceedings during the year and included: (i) decreased professional fees of approximately $740; and (ii) decreased personnel costs of approximately $390; as well as (iii) decreased general office expenses of approximately $200; partially offset by (iv) increased selling expenses of approximately $210. Gain on Settlement of Claims During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company realized a gain on settlement of claims of $1,607 from the sale of its $3,653 general unsecured creditor claim against the Lehman Brothers, Inc. estate to a third party. The Company believes that Lehman Brothers, Inc., the securities broker-dealer that purchased the auction rate securities on behalf of the Company, violated its legal obligations to the Company. As a result, the Company took various measures to obtain appropriate legal relief, including initiating an arbitration on April 3, 2008 against Lehman Brothers, Inc. and the brokers who had serviced the Company’s Lehman account with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. On September 15, 2008, Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc., the parent company of Lehman Brothers, Inc., filed for bankruptcy. The Company’s arbitration proceeding was stayed by the Lehman bankruptcy. On September 16, 2008, Barclays PLC announced that it had reached an agreement to purchase the assets of Lehman Brothers Holdings, Inc.’s North American operations, including substantial assets of Lehman Brothers, Inc. The Lehman-Barclays transaction was approved by the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York on September 20, 2008. On September 19, 2008, the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (“SIPC”) filed a proceeding, placing Lehman Brothers, Inc. in liquidation under the Securities Investor Protection Act (“SIPA”). SIPC, pursuant to its authority under SIPA, has acted to facilitate the transfer of Lehman Brothers, Inc.’s customer accounts (including the Company’s accounts) to Barclays, PLC. In late September, 2009, the Company filed a proof of claim against Lehman Brothers, Inc. in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York. The principal amount of the claim was approximately $31,500 plus interest. In addition, the proof of claim requested treble damages. The proof of claim is a general unsecured claim. On October 18, 2011, the Company entered into a settlement agreement and general release with the brokers who had serviced the Company’s account with Lehman Brothers, Inc. for approximately $489. On May 5, 2014, the Company entered into a stipulation with the Trustee for the liquidation of Lehman Brothers, Inc., regarding its proof of claim. As part of the stipulation the Company will have an allowed, general unsecured creditor claim against the general estate of Lehman Brothers, Inc. of $3,653, which represents the Company’s final settlement of all claims against Lehman Brothers, Inc. On May 9, 2014, the Company sold its $3,653 general unsecured creditor claim against the Lehman Brothers, Inc. estate to a third party for $1,607. Gain on Sale During the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company realized a gain on sale of $270, primarily from the sale of its rights to the copyright and trademark to the “Charlie Chan” live action television series. Interest Expense Interest expense of $336 for the year ended December 31, 2014 was primarily the result of interest on outstanding debt issued in 2014 and the amortization of the related debt discount. Reorganization Items Reorganization costs decreased 72%, or $109, to $42 for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to 2013. These costs included professional and consulting fees charged for services retained in connection with the Bankruptcy Cases, as well as fees paid to the Office of the United States Bankruptcy Trustee. The decrease in these items was due to the resolution of claims during 2014. Loss From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes 2014 2013 $ Change % Change Loss From Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes $ (1,976 ) $ (4,331 ) $ 2,355 (54 )% 13 Index The decreased loss from continuing operations for the year ended 2014, as compared to 2013, was primarily attributable to the settlement of claims against Lehman Brothers, Inc. that resulted in a gain of $1,607 and reduced professional fees of approximately $740 primarily as a result of the Company’s exit from bankruptcy and the completion of legal proceedings during the year. Income Tax Expense The Company regularly reviews its deferred tax assets for recoverability taking into consideration such factors as historical losses, projected future taxable income and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. The Company records a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In view of the level of deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2014, and the Company’s historical losses from operations, the Company has determined that a full valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets is required. In the event that the Company earns pre-tax income in the future such that it will be able to use some or all of its deferred tax assets, the Company will reduce or eliminate the valuation allowance. If the Company were to reverse the valuation allowance, in whole or in part, the Company’s income statement for such reporting period would record a reduction in income tax expense and an increase in net income, to the extent of the reversal of the valuation allowance. No benefit from income taxes was recorded for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, as it is more likely than not that the Company will not be able to realize its deferred tax assets. The Company files tax returns in multiple tax jurisdictions and from time to time is subject to audit in certain tax jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to examinations by income tax authorities in most jurisdictions for years prior to 2011. Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations As a result of the above, the Company had a loss from continuing operations for the year ended December 31, 2014 of $1,976, as compared to a loss from continuing operations in 2013 of $4,331. Discontinued Operations Pursuant to the sale of a significant amount of assets and the continued lack of profitability, effective June 30, 2012, the Company terminated the operations of 4Kids Ad Sales, 4Kids Productions, 4Kids Music and 4Kids Home Video. The closure of the business of these wholly-owned subsidiaries resulted in the Company having operations in only the licensing business segment in 2012. Effective September 30, 2012, the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, 4Kids International, terminated its operations. 4Kids International, based in London, England, managed Properties represented by the Company in the UK (“UK”) and European marketplaces. The closing of 4Kids International has enabled the Company to further reduce costs and focus on its core licensing business. The results of operations for those terminated operations which constituted the advertising media and broadcast segment, television and film production/distribution segment and the trading card and game distribution segment, are reported as discontinued operations. Additionally, effective September 30, 2010, the Company terminated the operations of TC Digital and TC Websites. The results of operations attributable to those entities are reported in the Company’s consolidated financial statements as discontinued operations (see Note 13 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements). The following are the summarized results of discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013: Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Total net revenues $ — $ — Total income 389 1,170 Income from discontinued operations $ 389 $ 1,170 The income from discontinued operations for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was primarily the result of the reversal of liabilities upon the settlement of claims. 14 Index Liquidity and Capital Resources Financial Condition Cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: 2014 2013 $ Change Cash and cash equivalents $ 235 $ 356 $ (121 ) In recent years, the Company has incurred substantial net losses and has used substantial amounts of cash in its operating activities. Sales by the Company of certain assets have significantly contributed to the funding of these operating losses. While the timing of these sales was not primarily motivated by then current cash needs, without these sales the Company would not have had sufficient cash to fund its operations. During 2015, the Company secured additional financing through capital raises that resulted in $750 of proceeds (See Note 18 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements). The Company will consider all alternatives available to generate additional cash to fund its operations, including, but not limited to, sales of assets, issuance of equity or debt securities, and third party arrangements. There can be no assurance that any of these alternatives will help the Company in generating additional cash or that we will be able to sell debt/equity on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Sources and Uses of Cash Cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: Sources (Uses) 2014 2013 Operating Activities $ (2,672 ) $ (8,316 ) Investing Activities 249 (1,126 ) Financing Activities 2,302 787 Working capital (deficiency), consisting of current assets less current liabilities, was $(45) as of December 31, 2014 and $(1,661) as of December 31, 2013. Operating Activities 2014 Net cash used in operating activities of $2,672 in 2014 primarily reflects the purchase of inventory, the payment of liabilities, primarily professional fees, and the funding of the operating loss. 2013 Net cash used in operating activities of $8,316 in 2013 primarily reflects the payments of accounts payable and accrued expenses mostly related to severance and professional fees, the settlement of liabilities subject to compromise and the funding of the operating loss for the year ended December 31, 2013. Investing Activities 2014 Net cash provided by investing activities of $249 in 2014 reflects proceeds of $270 from the sale of certain assets, offset by cash used in the purchase of property and equipment of $21. 2013 Net cash used in investing activities of $1,126 in 2013 reflects $2,100 used in the purchase of IsoBLOX™ assets and $26 used in the purchase of property and equipment, offset by $1,000 of proceeds from the release of escrow related to the sale of certain assets. Financing Activities 2014 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2014 of $2,302 primarily reflects the capital contributions from the noncontrolling interests in Pinwrest of $630 and proceeds from the issuance of the Promissory Notes of $1,650. 15 Index On March 25, 2014, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the “Purchase Agreement”) with Cleveland Capital, L.P. (“Cleveland Capital”) and Prescott Group Aggressive Small Cap Masterfund, GP (“Prescott Group”, and together with Cleveland Capital, the “Purchasers”), and the guarantors party thereto, each of which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (each a “Guarantor” and collectively, the “Guarantors”), pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue to the Purchasers (i) an aggregate principal amount of $1,650 of promissory notes (each a “Note” and collectively, the “Notes”), to be guaranteed by the Guarantors, and (ii) warrants (each a “Warrant” and collectively, the “Warrants”) to purchase up to an aggregate of 1,683,673 shares (the “Warrant Shares”) of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Common Stock”), for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1,650 (the “Offering”). On March 25, 2014, the Offering closed and the Company (i) issued and sold to Cleveland Capital a Note in the principal amount of $150 and a Warrant to purchase up to 153,061 Warrant Shares and received $150, and (ii) issued and sold to Prescott Group a Note in the principal amount of $1,500 and a Warrant to purchase up to 1,530,612 Warrant Shares and received $1,500. The 1,683,673 detachable Warrants issued with the Notes were valued at approximately $1.43 per warrant using the Black-Scholes model at March 25, 2014. The relative fair value of the detachable Warrants of $979 was recorded as a component of stockholders’ equity with the offset recorded as a discount on the Notes and included as a component of long-term debt in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2014. The fair value of the Warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes model with the following assumptions: risk free interest rate – 2.75%, volatility – 100.00%, expected term – 10 years, expected dividends – 0%. The debt discount related to the Warrants is being amortized over a two-year period (through maturity) using the effective interest method. Interest expense related to the amortization of the debt discount for the year ended December 31, 2014 was approximately $269. The Notes accrue interest at a rate of 5.0% per year from and after the date of issuance of such Note, payable quarterly. The interest paid to related parties under this agreement were $63 and $0 for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. The Notes provide for customary events of default, including nonpayment, certain events of bankruptcy or failure to comply with covenants or other agreements. The Notes will mature on March 25, 2016. The Warrants have an initial exercise price of $0.98 per Warrant Share. The Warrants are exercisable immediately and expire ten years from the date of issuance. As part of the Purchase Agreement, as long as the Notes are outstanding, the Company may issue additional warrants if certain events were to occur. The number and term of the new warrants that would then be issuable would only be known upon such an occurrence (see Note 18 of the notes to the Company's consolidated financial statements). Under the terms of the Notes, the Company was required to use any proceeds received in connection with the general unsecured creditor claim against Lehman Brothers, Inc. to repay principal and accrued but unpaid interest outstanding under the Notes. In May 2014, the Company sold the claim against Lehman Brothers, Inc. to a third party for $1,607. See Note 15 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the claim against Lehman Brothers, Inc. The Purchasers have waived the obligation to repay principal outstanding under the Notes with the proceeds that were received in connection with the claim. Wade Massad, one of the Company’s directors, is the Co-Founder and Co-Managing Member of Cleveland Capital Management, L.L.C., which is the General Partner of Cleveland Capital. Cleveland Capital beneficially owns more than 5% of the Common Stock of the Company. Duminda DeSilva, one of the Company’s directors, was previously the Managing Director at Prescott Group Capital Management, L.L.C., an affiliate of Prescott Group, which beneficially owns more than 5% of the Common Stock of the Company. Effective November 10, 2014, Mr. DeSilva is no longer employed with the Prescott Group. 2013 Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2013 of $787 reflects capital contributions from the noncontrolling interests in Pinwrest. The decrease in the Company's cash flow used in operations during 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013 resulted from the settlement of claims against Lehman Brothers, Inc., reduced costs subsequent to the Company’s exit from bankruptcy and reduced selling, general and administrative expense as a result of continuing cost cutting initiatives during the year ended December 31, 2014. While the Company strives to further diversify its revenue streams, management remains cognizant of changing trends in the toy, game and entertainment businesses and the difficulty in predicting the length of time a property will be commercially successful. In addition, the Company expects to derive a substantial amount of its product revenue from the sale of IsoBLOX™ related products, sold through its majority-owned subsidiary, Pinwrest. While the IsoBLOX™ technology continues to be developed and marketed, there is no certainty that these products will be commercially viable in the marketplace, that revenues will be derived from such products or how soon products will become available for sale, if at all. As a result, the Company's revenues, operating results and cash flow from operations may fluctuate significantly from year to year and present operating results are not necessarily indicative of future performance. 16 Index Contractual Commitments The Company has commitments under certain firm contractual arrangements (“firm commitments”) to make future payments for goods and services. These firm commitments secure the future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations. The following table summarizes the Company’s material firm commitments as of December 31, 2014 and the impact that such obligations are expected to have on the Company’s liquidity and cash flows in future periods. The Company expects to fund these commitments with operating cash flows generated in the normal course of business . Year Ending December 31, Operating Lease 2015 $ 211 2016 and after — Total $ 211 The Company’s contractual obligations and commitments are detailed in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. For additional information see Note 15 of the notes to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Item 7A