 Risks Related
to the Corporation’s Business Our future success will depend on our ability to compete
effectively in the highly competitive financial services industry in Northern Virginia. We face substantial competition in all phases of our operations
from a variety of different competitors. In particular, there is very strong competition for financial services in Northern Virginia
and the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area in which we conduct a substantial portion of our business. We compete with
commercial banks, credit unions, savings and loan associations, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, securities
brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market funds and other mutual funds, as well as other local and community, super-regional,
national and international financial institutions that operate offices in our primary market areas and elsewhere. Our future growth
and success will depend on our ability to compete effectively in this highly competitive financial services environment. Many
of our competitors are well-established, larger financial institutions and many offer products and services that we do not. Many
have substantially greater resources, name recognition and market presence that benefit them in attracting business. Some of our
competitors are not subject to the same regulation as is imposed on bank holding companies and federally-insured national banks,
including credit unions which do not pay federal income tax, and, therefore, have regulatory advantages over us in accessing funding
and in providing various services. While we believe we compete effectively with these other financial institutions in our primary
markets, we may face a competitive disadvantage as a result of our smaller size, smaller asset base, lack of geographic diversification
and inability to spread our marketing costs across a broader market. If we have to raise interest rates paid on deposits or lower
interest rates charged on loans to compete effectively, our net interest margin and income could be negatively affected. Failure
to compete effectively to attract new or to retain existing clients may reduce or limit our net income and our market share and
may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and growth. Our profitability depends on interest rates generally, and
we may be adversely affected by changes in government monetary policy or by fluctuations in interest rates. Our profitability depends in substantial part on our net interest
margin, which is the difference between the rates we receive on loans and investments and the rates we pay for deposits and other
sources of funds. Our net interest margin depends on many factors that are partly or completely outside of our control, including
competition, federal economic, monetary and fiscal policies, and economic conditions generally. Our net interest income will be
adversely affected if market interest rates change so that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increases faster than
the interest we earn on loans and investments. Changes in interest rates, particularly by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve Board, which implements national monetary policy in order to mitigate recessionary and inflationary pressures,
also affect the value of our loans. In setting its policy, the Federal Reserve Board may utilize techniques such as: (i) engaging
in open market transactions in United States government securities; (ii) setting the discount rate on member bank borrowings;
and (iii) determining reserve requirements. These techniques may have an adverse effect on our deposit levels, net interest margin,
loan demand or our business and operations. In addition, an increase in interest rates could adversely affect borrowers’
ability to pay the principal or interest on existing loans or reduce their desire to borrow more money. This may lead to an increase
in our non-performing assets, a decrease in loan originations, or a reduction in the value of and income from our loans, any of
which could have a material and negative effect on our results of operations. We try to minimize our exposure to interest rate
risk, but we are unable to completely eliminate this risk. Fluctuations in market rates and other market disruptions are neither
predictable nor controllable and may have a material and negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
In addition, the Federal Reserve Board’s Federal Open Market Committee has stated that it expects to keep the federal funds
target rate at 0% - 0.25% until economic and labor conditions (as indicated by the unemployment rate) improve. Even though such
a continuance of accommodative monetary policy could allow the Corporation to continue to reprice fixed-rate deposits to lower
rates, sustained low interest rates could put further pressure on the yields generated by the Corporation’s loan portfolio
and on the Corporation’s net interest margin. At December 31, 2014 approximately 62% of the loans held for
investment were variable rate loans. A majority of these loans are based on the prime rate and will adjust upwards as the prime
rate increases. While the variable rate structure on these loans reduces interest rate risk for the Bank, increases in rates may
cause the borrower’s required payment to increase which, in turn, may increase the risk of payment default. Because we make loans primarily to local small and medium
sized businesses, our profitability depends significantly on local economic conditions, particularly real estate values, and the
success of those businesses. As a lender, we are exposed to the risk that our loan clients
may not repay their loans according to their terms and any collateral securing payment may be insufficient to fully compensate
us for the outstanding balance of the loan plus the costs we incur disposing of the collateral. Although we have collateral for
most of our loans, that collateral can fluctuate in value and may not always cover the outstanding balance on the loan. With most
of our loans concentrated in Northern Virginia, a decline in local economic conditions could adversely affect the values of our
real estate collateral. Consequently, a decline in local economic conditions may have a greater effect on our net income and capital
than on the net income and capital of larger financial institutions whose real estate loan portfolios are more geographically
diverse. 14 In addition to assessing the financial strength and cash flow
characteristics of each of our borrowers, the Bank often secures loans with real estate collateral. At December 31, 2014, approximately
74% of our Bank’s loans held for investment have real estate as a primary or secondary component of collateral. The real
estate collateral in each case provides an alternate source of repayment in the event of default by the borrower and may deteriorate
in value during the time the credit is extended. If we are required to liquidate the collateral securing a loan to satisfy the
debt during a period of reduced real estate values, our net income and capital could be adversely affected. Our business strategy includes the continuation of our growth
plans, and our financial condition and results of operations could be negatively affected if we fail to grow or fail to manage
our growth effectively. We intend to continue to grow in our existing banking markets
(internally and through additional offices) and to expand into new markets as appropriate opportunities arise. Our prospects must
be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies that are experiencing growth.
We cannot assure you we will be able to expand our market presence in our existing markets or successfully enter new markets,
or that any expansion will not adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to manage our growth effectively could have
a material adverse effect on our business, future prospects, financial condition or results of operations, and could adversely
affect our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Also, if our growth occurs more slowly than anticipated or
declines, our operating results could be materially affected in an adverse way. Our ability to successfully grow will depend on
a variety of factors, including the continued availability of desirable business opportunities, the competitive responses from
other financial institutions in our market areas and our ability to manage our growth. While we believe we have the management
resources and internal systems in place to successfully manage our future growth, there can be no assurance growth opportunities
will be available or growth will be successfully managed. Although we have
made a limited number of acquisitions, we may face a broad range of risks in connection with future acquisitions that could result
in those acquisitions not increasing shareholder value. As a strategy, we have sought to increase the size of our business
by pursuing business development opportunities, and we have grown rapidly since our incorporation. As part of that strategy, we
have acquired three mortgage companies, a wealth management company, and a small equipment leasing company. We may acquire other
financial institutions and mortgage companies, or parts of those entities, in the future. Acquisitions and mergers involve a number
of risks, including: · the time and costs associated with identifying and evaluating potential acquisitions and merger partners; · the estimates and judgments used to evaluate credit, operations, management and market risks with respect to the target entity may not be accurate; · the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring experienced local management and opening new offices, and the time lags between these activities and the generation of sufficient assets and deposits to support the costs of the expansion; · our ability to finance an acquisition and possible ownership or economic dilution to our current shareholders; · the diversion of our management’s attention to the negotiation of a transaction, and the integration of the operations and personnel of the combining businesses; · entry into new markets where we lack experience; · the introduction of new products and services into our business; · the incurrence and possible impairment of goodwill associated with an acquisition and possible adverse short-term effects on our results of operations; and · the potential loss of key employees and clients. 15 We may incur substantial costs to expand, and we can give no
assurance such expansion will result in the levels of profits we seek. There can be no assurance that integration efforts for
any future mergers or acquisitions will be successful. Also, we may issue equity securities, including common stock and securities
convertible into shares of our common stock, in connection with future acquisitions, which could cause ownership and economic
dilution to our current shareholders. There is no assurance that, following any future merger or acquisition, our integration
efforts will be successful or our company, after giving effect to the acquisition, will achieve profits comparable to or better
than our historical experience. Our allowance for loan losses could become inadequate and
reduce our net income and capital. We maintain an allowance for loan losses that we believe is
adequate for absorbing any potential losses in our loan portfolio. Management conducts a periodic review and consideration of
the loan portfolio to determine the amount of the allowance for loan losses based upon general market conditions, credit quality
of the loan portfolio and performance of our clients relative to their financial obligations with us. The amount of future losses,
however, is susceptible to changes in borrowers’ circumstances and economic and other market conditions, including changes
in interest rates and collateral values that are beyond our control, and these future losses may exceed our current estimates.
Our allowance for loan losses at December 31, 2014 was $13.4 million. Although we believe the allowance for loan losses is adequate
to absorb probable losses in our loan portfolio, we cannot predict such losses or guarantee that our allowance will be adequate
in the future. Excessive loan losses could have a material impact on our financial performance and reduce our net income and capital. Our future liquidity needs could exceed our available liquidity
sources, which could limit our asset growth and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We rely on dividends from the Bank as our primary source of
funds. The primary sources of funds of the Bank are client deposits and loan repayments. While scheduled loan repayments are a
relatively stable source of funds, they are subject to the ability of borrowers to repay the loans. The ability of borrowers to
repay loans can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events
affecting business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, inclement weather,
natural disasters and international instability. Additionally, deposit levels may be affected by a number of factors, including
rates paid by competitors, general interest rate levels, regulatory capital requirements, returns available to clients on alternative
investments and general economic conditions. Accordingly, we may be required from time to time to rely on secondary sources of
liquidity to meet withdrawal demands or otherwise fund operations. Such sources include FHLB advances, sales of securities and
loans, and federal funds lines of credit from correspondent banks, as well as out-of-market time deposits. While we believe that
these sources are currently adequate, there can be no assurance they will be sufficient to meet future liquidity demands, particularly
if we continue to grow and experience increasing loan demand. We may be required to slow or discontinue loan growth, capital expenditures
or other investments or liquidate assets should such sources not be adequate. We are subject to extensive regulation
that could limit or restrict our activities and adversely affect our net income. We operate in a highly regulated industry,
and both the Corporation and the Bank are subject to extensive regulation and supervision by the Federal Reserve Board, the Comptroller,
and the FDIC. Our compliance with these regulations is costly and restricts certain of our activities, including payment of dividends,
mergers and acquisitions, investments, loans and interest rates charged, interest rates paid on deposits and locations of offices.
We are also subject to capitalization guidelines established by our regulators, which require us to maintain adequate capital
to support our growth. Many of these regulations are intended to protect depositors and the FDIC’s DIF rather than our shareholders. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the related
rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and NASDAQ that are applicable to us, have increased the scope, complexity and cost
of corporate governance, reporting and disclosure practices, including the cost of completing our audit and maintaining our internal
controls. As a result, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience greater compliance costs. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review
banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. Changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including
changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect the Corporation in substantial
and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject the Corporation to additional costs, limit the types of financial services
and products the Corporation may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks that are not subject to similar regulation to
offer competing financial services and products, which could place these non-banks in stronger, more favorable competitive positions
and which could adversely affect the Corporation’s growth and ability to operate profitably. Failure to comply with laws,
regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputation damage, which
could have a material adverse effect on the Corporation’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 16 The Dodd-Frank Act has increased the Corporation’s
regulatory compliance burden and associated costs, placed restrictions on certain products and services, increases the risk and
liability of consumer litigation, and limited its future capital raising strategies. A wide range of regulatory initiatives directed at the financial
services industry has been proposed and/or implemented in recent years. One of those initiatives, the Dodd-Frank Act, was enacted
in 2010 and mandates significant changes in the financial regulatory landscape that will impact all financial institutions, including
the Corporation and the Bank. Since its enactment, the Dodd-Frank Act has increased, and its continuing implementation
is likely to continue to increase, the Corporation’s regulatory compliance burden and may have a material adverse effect
on the Corporation by increasing the costs associated with regulatory examinations and compliance measures. However, it is too
early to fully assess the impact of the Dodd-Frank Act and subsequent regulatory rulemaking processes on the Corporation’s
and the Bank’s business, financial condition or results of operations. Among the Dodd-Frank Act’s significant regulatory changes,
the Act creates the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau , a new financial consumer protection agency that has the authority to
impose new regulations and include its examiners in routine regulatory examinations conducted by the Comptroller. The CFPB
may reshape the consumer financial laws through rulemaking and enforcement of the Dodd-Frank Act’s prohibitions against
unfair, deceptive and abusive business practices, which may directly impact the business operations of financial institutions
offering consumer financial products or services, including the Corporation and the Bank. This agency’s broad
rulemaking authority includes identifying practices or acts that are unfair, deceptive or abusive in connection with any consumer
financial transaction or consumer financial product or service. Although the CFPB generally has jurisdiction over banks
with $10 billion or greater in assets, rules, regulations and policies issued by the CFPB may also apply to the Corporation, the
Bank and/or the Mortgage Division by virtue of the adoption of such policies and best practices by the Federal Reserve Board,
Comptroller and FDIC. The costs and limitations related to this additional regulatory agency and the limitations and
restrictions that may be placed upon the Corporation with respect to its consumer product and service offerings have yet to be
determined. However, these costs, limitations and restrictions may produce significant, material effects on the Corporation’s
business, financial condition and results of operations. The Dodd-Frank Act also increases regulatory supervision and
examination of bank holding companies and their banking and non-banking subsidiaries. These and other regulations included in
the Dodd-Frank Act could increase the Corporation’s regulatory compliance burden and costs, restrict the financial products
and services the Corporation can offer to its customers and restrict the Corporation’s ability to generate revenues from
non-banking operations. The Dodd-Frank Act imposes more stringent capital requirements on bank holding companies, which may cause
the Corporation to reevaluate elements of its business focus and shape future capital strategies. In January 2014, the Qualified Mortgage (QM) and Qualified
Residential Mortgage (QRM) rules became effective under the Dodd Frank Act and may impact the willingness and ability of community
banks and secondary market participants to make mortgage loans. Among other requirements, these rules require lenders to show
that borrowers met an “ability to repay” test – which can be challenged in court for the entire life of the
loan, raising the risk of litigation. Failure to prove the ability to repay can result in the lender’s obligation to reimburse
the borrower for all payments made. Together with newly imposed timeline restrictions covering the liquidation of problem consumer
mortgage loans, litigation over “ability to repay” may delay the time to collect on soured consumer mortgages and
result in elevated problem assets and increased loss rates. The Basel III Final Rules will require higher levels of
capital and liquid assets, which could adversely affect the Corporation’s net income and return on equity. The capital adequacy and liquidity guidelines applicable to
the Corporation and the Bank under the Basel III Final Rules began to be phased-in beginning in 2015. The Basel III Final Rules
when fully phased-in will require the Corporation and the Bank to maintain substantially more capital as a result of higher required
capital levels and more demanding regulatory capital risk-weightings and calculations. The changes to the standardized calculations
of risk-weighted assets are complex and may create significant compliance burdens for the Corporation and the Bank. The Basel
III Final Rules will require the Corporation and the Bank to substantially change the manner in which they collect and report
information to calculate risk-weighted assets, and may increase risk-weighted assets as a result of applying higher risk-weightings
to many types of loans and securities. As a result, the Corporation and the Bank may be forced to limit originations of certain
types of commercial and mortgage loans, thereby reducing the amount of credit available to borrowers and limiting opportunities
to earn interest income from the loan portfolio, which may have a detrimental effect on the Corporation’s net income. If the Corporation were to require additional capital as a
result of the Basel III Final Rules, it could be required to access the capital markets on short notice and in relatively weak
economic conditions, which could result in banks raising capital that significantly dilutes existing shareholders. Additionally,
the Corporation could be forced to limit banking operations and activities, and growth of loan portfolios and interest income,
to focus on retention of earnings to improve capital levels. Higher capital levels may also lower the Corporation’s return
on equity. 17 Our hedging strategies do not completely eliminate risks
associated with interest rates and we may incur losses due to changes in interest rates that are not effectively hedged. We use various derivative financial instruments to provide
a level of protection against interest rate risks, but no hedging strategy can protect us completely, and we cannot assure you
that our hedging strategy and use of derivatives will offset the risks related to changes in interest rates. When rates change,
we expect to record a gain or loss on derivatives that would be offset by an inverse change in the value of loans held for sale
and mortgage-related securities. We utilize a third party consulting firm to manage our hedging activities and we typically hedge
80% of our loan pipeline and 100% of our loans being warehoused. The derivative financial instruments used to hedge the interest
rate risk of our loan pipeline and warehoused loans are forward sales of 15 year and 30 year mortgage backed securities. The notional
amount and fair value of these derivatives are disclosed in Note 8 of the financial statements. The primary risks related to our hedging activities relate
to incorrect assumptions regarding pull through and the amount of the pipeline being hedged. A hedging policy and hedging management
committee are in place to control, monitor and manage risks associated with our hedging activity. The hedging policy quantifies
risk tolerance thresholds that ensure the economic risk taken is not material to the Corporation’s financial condition or
operating performance. See “Item 7 - Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
— Critical Accounting Policies” and “Item 7A - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” The profitability
of the Mortgage Division will be significantly reduced if we are not able to sell mortgages. Currently, we generally sell all of the mortgage
loans originated by the Mortgage Division. We only underwrite mortgages that we reasonably expect will have more than one potential
purchaser. The profitability of our Mortgage Division depends in large part upon our ability to originate or purchase a high volume
of loans and to quickly sell them in the secondary market. Thus, we are dependent upon (i) the existence of an active secondary
market and (ii) our ability to sell loans into that market. The Mortgage Division’s ability to
sell mortgage loans readily is dependent upon the availability of an active secondary market for single-family mortgage loans,
which in turn depends in part upon the continuation of programs currently offered by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and other institutional
and non-institutional investors. These entities account for a substantial portion of the secondary market in residential mortgage
loans. Some of the largest participants in the secondary market, including Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, are government-sponsored
enterprises with substantial market influence whose activities are governed by federal law. Any future changes in laws that significantly
affect the activity of these government-sponsored enterprises and other institutional and non-institutional investors or any impairment
of our ability to participate in such programs could, in turn, adversely affect our operations. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have reported
past substantial losses and a need for substantial amounts of additional capital. Such losses were due to these entities’
business models being tied extensively to the U.S. housing market which severely contracted during the recent economic downturn.
In response to the deteriorating financial condition of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac from the U.S. housing market contraction, Congress
and the U.S. Treasury undertook a series of actions to stabilize these entities. The Federal Housing Finance Agency, or FHFA,
was established in July 2008 pursuant to the Regulatory Reform Act in an effort to enhance regulatory oversight over Fannie Mae
and Freddie Mac. FHFA placed Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into federal conservatorship in September 2008. Both Fannie Mae and Freddie
Mac have returned to profitability as a result of the housing market recovery, but their long-term financial viability is highly
dependent on governmental support. If the governmental support is inadequate, these companies could fail to offer programs necessary
to an active secondary market. In addition, future policies that change the relationship between Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and
the U.S. government, including those that result in their winding down, nationalization, privatization, or elimination may have
broad adverse implications for the residential mortgage market, the mortgage-backed securities market and the Mortgage Division’s
business, operations and financial condition. If this were to occur, the Mortgage Division’s ability to sell mortgage loans
readily could be hampered, and the profitability of the Bank could be significantly reduced. Our net income may be adversely affected
if representations and warranties related to loans sold by the Mortgage Division are breached and we must pay related claims. The Mortgage Division makes representations
and warranties that loans sold to investors meet their program’s guidelines and that the information provided by the borrowers
is accurate and complete and that the loan documents are complete and executed by the borrowers. In the event of a default on
a loan sold, the investor may make a claim for losses due to document deficiencies, program compliance, early payment default,
and fraud or borrower misrepresentations. The Mortgage Division maintains a reserve in other liabilities for potential losses
on mortgage loans sold. Net income may be impacted if this reserve is insufficient to cover claims from the investors. 18 Our net income, capital, and reputation may be adversely
affected if our efforts to protect or authenticate customers’ information or customers’ transactions fails. Identity theft and data breaches are on the rise. To date,
our losses have been immaterial due in part to our client awareness program, systems and controls. While we regularly review activity
and adopt new practices when warranted to control exposure, we have no way of predicting when a compromise may occur and the magnitude
or liability arising from such a compromise. In particular, the occurrence of identity theft or data breaches could expose the
Corporation to risks of data loss or data misuse, could damage the Corporation’s reputation and result in the loss of customers
and business, could subject the Corporation to additional regulatory scrutiny or could expose the Corporation to civil litigation,
possible financial liability and costly remedial measures. Any of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on the
Corporation’s financial condition and results of operations. An economic downturn may adversely affect
our operating results and financial condition because our small to medium sized business target market may have fewer financial
resources to weather an economic downturn. We target our commercial development and marketing strategy
primarily to serve the banking and financial services needs of small and medium sized businesses. These businesses generally have
fewer financial resources in terms of capital or borrowing capacity than larger entities and, therefore, may be more vulnerable
in an economic downturn. If general economic conditions negatively impact this economic sector in the markets in which we operate,
our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. In addition, the success of a small or medium sized
business often depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two persons or a small group of persons, and the death,
disability or resignation of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse effect on the business and its ability
to repay a loan. Negative public opinion could damage our reputation and
the strength of our Access National brand and adversely impact our business, client relationships and net income. Reputation risk, or the risk to our businesses’ (including
our primary commercial banking business and secondary mortgage lending business) net income and capital from negative public opinion,
is inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities,
including lending practices, corporate governance and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community
organizations in response to those activities. Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract clients
and employees or our access to the capital markets and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action. Virtually
all of our businesses operate under the “Access National” brand. Any actual or alleged conduct by one of our businesses
could result in negative public opinion about our other businesses under the Access National brand. Because our businesses rely
on and leverage the strength of the Access National brand any negative public opinion that tarnishes our Access National brand
may negatively impact our business, client relationships and financial performance. Although we take steps to minimize our reputation
risk in dealing with our clients and communities, due to the nature of the commercial banking and mortgage lending businesses
we will always face some measure of reputational risk. If the U.S. financial system were to destabilize again,
the financial condition of our target markets may suffer, which could adversely affect our business. In response to the financial crises beginning in 2008 that
affected the banking system and financial markets and going concern threats to investment banks and other financial institutions,
various branches and agencies of the U.S. government put in place laws, regulations, and programs to address capital and liquidity
issues in the banking system. There can be no assurance, however, as to the actual long-term impact that such laws, regulations,
and programs will have on the financial markets. Among many other contributing factors, the recent recession
was triggered by instability of financial institutions and large measures of volatility and fear in the financial markets. This
financial instability led to an economic downturn and current stagnant recovery which, in turn, has harmed the financial condition
and performance of our small to medium sized business target market. If despite such laws, regulations, and programs the financial
markets again destabilize, or recent financial market conditions deteriorate rather than continuing to improve or remain steady,
the financial condition of our small to medium sized business target market would suffer and could materially and adversely affect
our business, financial condition, results of operations, and the trading price of our common stock. 19 Significant reductions in U.S. government spending may have
an adverse effect on our local economy and customer base. The Corporation’s success depends significantly on the
general economic conditions in the markets in which it operates. The economy of our primary market, the greater Washington, D.C.
Metropolitan Area is significantly affected by federal government spending. In particular, Fairfax County, Virginia receives more
federal procurement dollars than any other county in Virginia. More broadly, in 2014 the Commonwealth of Virginia ranked fourth
among states that benefit from federal procurement. Some of our customers may be particularly sensitive to the level of federal
government spending, which is affected by many factors, including macroeconomic conditions, administrative and congressional priorities
and the ability of the federal government to enact relevant appropriations bills and other legislation. Any of these or other
factors could result in future cuts in, or uncertainty with respect to, federal spending, which could have a severe negative impact
on individuals and businesses in our primary market areas. Any related increase in unemployment rates or reduction in business
development activities in the greater Washington, D.C. Metropolitan Area could lead to increases in loan delinquencies, problem
assets and foreclosures and reductions in loan collateral values, as well as other adverse implications that we cannot predict,
all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance and financial condition. We have substantial counterparty risk due to our transactions
with financial institution counterparties and the soundness of such counterparties could adversely affect us. Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could
be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. Financial services institutions
are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. We have exposure to many different counterparties,
and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers, dealers, commercial
banks, investment banks, and government sponsored enterprises. Many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event
of default of our counterparty. In addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized
or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or other obligation due us. There is no assurance
that any such losses would not materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Risks Associated With The Corporation’s
Common Stock Our ability to pay dividends is subject
to regulatory restrictions, and we may be unable to pay future dividends. Our ability to pay dividends is subject to
regulatory restrictions and the need to maintain sufficient consolidated capital. Also, our only source of funds with which to
pay dividends to our shareholders is dividends we receive from our Bank, and the Bank’s ability to pay dividends to us is
limited by its own obligations to maintain sufficient capital and regulatory restrictions. If these regulatory requirements are
not satisfied, we will be unable to pay dividends on our common stock. We have paid quarterly cash dividends since our first cash
dividend on February 24, 2006. We cannot guarantee that dividends will not be reduced or eliminated in future periods. Certain provisions under our articles
of incorporation and applicable law may make it difficult for others to obtain control of our Corporation even if such a change
in control may be favored by some shareholders. Certain provisions in our articles of incorporation
and applicable Virginia corporate and banking law may have the effect of discouraging a change of control of our company even
if such a transaction is favored by some of our shareholders and could result in shareholders receiving a substantial premium
over the current market price of our shares. The primary purpose of these provisions is to encourage negotiations with
our management by persons interested in acquiring control of our Corporation. These provisions may also tend to perpetuate
present management and make it difficult for shareholders owning less than a majority of the shares to be able to elect even a
single director. The ownership position of certain shareholders,
directors and officers may permit them to exert a major influence on the election of directors and other corporate actions that
require a shareholder vote, including change in control transactions. As of December 31, 2014, our chairman of the board, executive
officers and directors and one other principal shareholder collectively beneficially owned approximately 36.3% of the outstanding
shares of our common stock. Our executive officers and directors collectively beneficially owned approximately 31.0% of our common
stock and one other individual shareholder has declared beneficial ownership of an additional 5.3% of our common stock. This concentration
of ownership may allow our directors, acting in their role as substantial shareholders, to exert a major influence over the election
of their nominees as directors, especially if voting together with our officers and other significant shareholders. Our directors,
officers, and major shareholders could exercise similar influence over other corporate actions that require a shareholder vote,
including change in control transactions. 20 The trading volume in the corporation’s common stock
is less than that of other larger financial services companies. Although the Corporation’s common stock is listed for
trading on the NASDAQ Stock Exchange, the trading volume in its common stock is less than that of other, larger financial services
companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence
in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of the Corporation’s common stock at any given time. This presence depends
on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which the Corporation has no control.
Given the lower trading volume of the Corporation’s common stock, significant sales of the Corporation’s common stock,
or the expectation of these sales, could cause the Corporation’s stock price to fall. ITEM 1B