. An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, together with all of the other information included in this report, before making an investment decision. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations could suffer. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. You should read the section entitled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” above for a discussion of what types of statements are forward-looking statements, as well as the significance of such statements in the context of this report. Risks Related to Our Business Our company has limited operating history, which makes it difficult to predict our future prospects and financial performance. We have only been engaged in our current business operations since March 2011. Due to this limited operating history, it may be difficult to evaluate our business prospects and financial performance. While we achieved net income for the fiscal years ended August 31, 2014 and 2013, we sustained a net loss for each of the fiscal years ended August 31, 2012 and August 31, 2011. There can be no assurance that we can maintain profitability beyond fiscal 2014. Further, our future operating results depend upon a number of factors, including our ability to manage our growth, retain and increase our customer base and to successfully identify and respond to any emerging trends in our market areas. We may have difficulty in managing our future growth and any associated increased scale of our operations. We expect to expand through both organic growth and acquisitions. Our future expansion may place a significant strain on our managerial, operational, technical and financial resources. In order to better allocate our resources to manage our growth, we must hire, recruit and manage our workforce effectively and implement adequate internal controls in a timely manner. If we are unable to effectively manage our growth and the associated increased scale of our operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 11 Our business requires significant and continuous capital investment. We will require a high level of capital expenditure in the foreseeable future to fund our future growth. We intend to fund our capital expenditures and future acquisitions out of internal sources of liquidity and/or through access to additional financing from external sources. Our ability to obtain external financing in the future at a reasonable cost is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including: · our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; · the condition of the global and domestic financial markets; and · changes in the monetary policy of the Hong Kong governments with respect to bank interest rates and lending practices. If we require additional funds and cannot obtain them on acceptable terms when required or at a reasonable financing cost or at all, we may be unable to fulfill our working capital needs or expand our business. These or other factors may also prevent us from entering into transactions that would otherwise benefit our business or implementing our future strategies. Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our bank loans present a significant risk . To date, we have significantly relied upon debt financings to fund our operations. At August 31, 2013 (audited) and August 31, 2014 (audited), we had outstanding bank loans (excluding bank overdrafts) in the principal amount of $2,286,785 and $4,126,739, respectively. We also had bank overdrafts of $253,738 as of August 31, 2014. Interest expense from bank loans and overdrafts (excluding capital lease interest) for the year ended August 31, 2014 was $78,660 and for year ended August 31, 2013 was $127,101. Such loans are primarily term loans with maturity dates ranging from November 2014 to October 2037. Approximately $2 million of the bank loans are to be repaid over the next five years. While we have begun to achieve profitable operations during fiscal 2014, there can be no assurance that such profitability will continue or that revenues from our operations will be able to service these debt obligations. This presents a significant risk to the Company in that the Company may not have the necessary cash to meet such payment obligations, or if it does, such payments may draw significantly on the Company’s cash position. Any of such events will likely have a materially detrimental effect on the Company. If we are unable to attract and retain senior management and personnel, our operations, financial condition and prospects could be materially adversely affected. Our future success depends in part on the contributions of our management team and key personnel and our ability to attract and retain qualified new personnel. In particular, our success depends on the continuing services of Li Lai Ying, Tso Yin Yee, Pang Yiu Kwong and Tong Wing Shan. There is significant competition in our industry for qualified managerial, key personnel and we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our key senior managerial and other personnel or that we will be able to attract, integrate and retain other such personnel that we may require in the future. If we are unable to attract and retain key personnel in the future, our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected . Our operating costs may increase. Costs in Hong Kong are generally expected to increase. If our labor costs or other operating costs increase and we cannot increase our services efficiency to offset any such increase or pass any such increase on to our customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive. Competition in the general field of business consulting is quite intense in Hong Kong. Although numerous established companies offer a variety of services to different customer segments, we consider competition in our focus market niche of small and medium business to be modest. Customers in this segment strongly rely on the consultant’s professional qualifications and the ability to come up with viable solutions in a timely and cost effective manner. Although we believe that we have unique strengths compared with our competitors, our industry is highly competitive and our continued success depends upon our ability to compete effectively in markets that contain numerous competitors across the country, some of which have significantly greater financial, marketing and other resources than we have. New or existing competition that uses a business model that is different from our business model may put pressure on us to change so that we can remain competitive. 12 We may be subject to disputes with employees or other third parties. The businesses we operate involve dealings with both permanent and temporary employees as well as numerous third parties and customers, and we may be subject to claims or litigation involving such employees or third parties from time to time such as labor disputes and claims under business contracts with customers and others. We may also be subject to labor disputes, labor shortages or other impositions on our business operations, if we are unable to amicably resolve disputes with any such parties. We cannot assure you that any such disputes will not arise in the future and that the occurrence of one or multiple disputes will not have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover our business risks. We face various operational risks in connection with our business. However, we are not insured against certain risks. Any losses and liabilities for which we are not insured or our insurance coverage is inadequate to cover the entire liability may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event that we incur substantial losses or liabilities and our insurance does not cover such losses or liabilities adequately or at all, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. We have extended significant loans in the past that did not generate income or have fixed repayment terms and which may have affected our ability to do business . During fiscal 2012 and 2013, we made significant advances of cash to one of our principal shareholders who is also the Company’s current Chief Financial Officer and daughter of our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Although all of such advances have been repaid to the Company, such advances may have detrimentally affected our ability to do business insofar that such advances represented a major portion of the Company’s then available cash. The advances to the related party were unsecured, non-interest bearing without fixed repayment terms. Although such advances are no longer being made to such related party, such advances did not generate income to the Company and may have detrimentally affected our ability to grow the business for the benefit of all of the shareholders. We may be subject to a concentration of credit risk. During the year ended August 31, 2014, we had one customer which accounted for 15% of our total revenues and 35% of our total accounts receivable. No customer accounted for more than 10% total revenue during the year ended August 31, 2013. Although we believe our credit risk is somewhat limited due to a large customer base, there can be no assurance that we will not have a concentration of credit risk in fiscal 2015 and in future years similar to or greater than fiscal 2014. In such event, the loss of any such key customer or customers could significantly reduce our revenues, or detrimentally impact our revenues if any such key customer or customers experience financial difficulties. Risks Related to Doing Business in Hong Kong Substantially all of our revenues to date are derived from our operations in Hong Kong. Accordingly, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects are subject, to a significant extent, to risks of doing business in Hong Kong. The Hong Kong legal system embodies uncertainties which could limit the legal protections available to you and us. The Hong Kong legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. The overall effect of legislation over the past approximately 25 years has significantly enhanced the protections afforded to various forms of foreign investment in Hong Kong. However, these laws, regulations and legal requirements change frequently, and their interpretation and enforcement involve uncertainties. For example, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce the legal protection that we enjoy either by law or contract. However, since Hong Kong administrative and court authorities have significant discretion in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms, it may be more difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of legal protection we enjoy than in more developed legal systems. For example, these uncertainties may impede our ability to enforce the contracts we have entered into. In addition, such uncertainties, including the inability to enforce our contracts, could materially and adversely affect our business and operation. In addition, intellectual property rights and confidentiality protections in Hong Kong may not be as effective as in the United States or other countries. Accordingly, we cannot predict the effect of future developments in the Hong Kong legal system, including the promulgation of new laws, changes to existing laws or the interpretation or enforcement thereof, or the preemption of local regulations by national laws. These uncertainties could limit the legal protections available to us, including our ability to enforce our agreements with our customers. If tax benefits currently available to us in Hong Kong were no longer available, our effective income tax rates for our Hong Kong operations could increase. To date, all our net income has been generated from our Hong Kong operations. Our net income could be adversely affected by any change in the current tax laws in Hong Kong. 13 Foreign Exchange Risk. While our reporting currency is the US Dollar, our revenues, costs and expenses are denominated in HKD. All of our assets are denominated in HKD. As a result, we are exposed to foreign exchange risk as our revenues and results of operations may be affected by fluctuations in the exchange rate between US Dollars and HKD. If the HKD depreciates against the US Dollar, the value of our HKD revenues, earnings and assets as expressed in our US Dollar financial statements will decline. To date, we have not entered into any foreign exchange forward contracts or similar instruments to attempt to mitigate our exposure to change in foreign currency rates. Future inflation in Hong Kong may inhibit our ability to conduct business profitably. In recent years, the Hong Kong economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion and high rates of inflation. High inflation may in the future cause the Hong Kong government to impose controls on credit and/or prices, or to take other action, which could inhibit economic activity in Hong Kong, and thereby harm the market for our services. It will be extremely difficult to acquire jurisdiction and enforce liabilities against our officers, directors and assets based in Hong Kong. Substantially all of our assets will be located in Hong Kong and our officers and our present directors reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for United States investors to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. We may have difficulty establishing adequate management, legal and financial controls in Hong Kong, which could impair our planning processes and make it difficult to provide accurate reports of our operating results. Although we will be required to implement internal controls, we may have difficulty in hiring and retaining a sufficient number of qualified employees to work in Hong Kong in these areas. As a result of these factors, we may experience difficulty in establishing the required controls, making it difficult for management to forecast its needs and to present the results of our operations accurately at all times. If we are unable to establish the required controls, market makers may be reluctant to make a market in our stock and investors may be reluctant to purchase our stock, which would make it difficult for you to sell any shares of common stock that you may own or acquire. Because our funds are held in banks which do not provide insurance, the failure of any bank in which we deposit our funds could affect our ability to continue in business. Banks and other financial institutions in Hong Kong do not provide insurance for funds held on deposit. As a result, in the event of a bank failure, we may not have access to funds on deposit. Depending upon the amount of money we maintain in a bank that fails, our inability to have access to our cash could impair our operations, and, if we are not able to access funds to pay our employees and other creditors, we may be unable to continue in business. Risks Relating to Our Common Stock and Our Status as a Public Company We will incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time to new compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting, and we may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply with these requirements . As a public company we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, together with rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission and applicable market regulators. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Compliance with Section 404 may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and expend significant management efforts. In the event we identify significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal controls that we cannot remediate in a timely manner, the market price of our stock could decline if investors and others lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other applicable regulatory authorities. Currently, none of our employees, including our Chief Financial Officer, who is responsible for preparing and supervising the preparation of our financial statements, have any formal training in U.S. GAAP and SEC rules and regulations. In that regard, we rely exclusively on our independent accountants and our outside counsel for advice with respect to U.S. GAAP and SEC rules and regulations. Therefore, there is a risk that our current of future financial statements may not be properly prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or that our current or future disclosures are not in compliance with SEC rules and regulations. 14 In addition, because of recent failures of Chinese businesses and losses sustained by public investors, we are likely to encounter a heightened level of scrutiny from regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, diverting our management’s attention and increasing our costs. Our management is not familiar with the United States securities laws. Our management is generally unfamiliar with the requirements of the United States securities laws, which could adversely impact our ability to comply with legal, regulatory, and reporting requirements of those laws. Our management may not be able to implement programs and policies in an effective and timely manner to adequately respond to such legal, regulatory and reporting requirements, including the establishment and maintenance of internal control over financial reporting. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a materially adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which are necessary to maintain public company status, and could result in investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission, and other regulatory authorities that could be costly, divert management’s attention and disrupt our business, If we were to fail to fulfill those obligations, our ability to operate as a public company would be in jeopardy, in which event you could lose your entire investment in our company. There is a limited public trading market for our common stock, which may have an unfavorable impact on our stock price and liquidity. There has been a limited trading market for our common stock in the past and there can be no assurance that a trading market in our shares of common stock will further develop and be sustained. There were no reported trades in our common stock during the fiscal years ended August 31, 2012 and 2013. The first reported trade in fiscal 2014 occurred on November 15, 2013. The trading market for securities of companies quoted on the OTCQB or other quotation systems is substantially less liquid than the average trading market for companies listed on a national securities exchange. The quotation of our shares on the OTCQB or other quotation system may result in a less liquid market available for existing and potential shareholders to trade shares of our common stock, could depress the trading price of our common stock and could have a long-term adverse impact on our ability to raise capital in the future. Since our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of two million shares of “blank-check” preferred stock, our Board of Directors will have authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common stock holders and with the ability to adversely affect stockholder voting power and perpetuate the board's control over our company. Our Certificate of Incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 2,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which none have been issued to date. The preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined at the time of issuance by the board of directors without further action by stockholders. These terms may include preferences as to dividends and liquidation, voting rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock, and therefore could reduce the value of such common stock. In addition, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with, or sell assets to, a third party. The ability of our board of directors to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult, delay, discourage, prevent or make it more costly to acquire or effect a change-in-control, which in turn could prevent our stockholders from recognizing a gain in the event that a favorable offer is extended and could materially and negatively affect the market price of our common stock. We may, in the future, issue additional shares of our common stock, which would reduce investors' percent of ownership and may dilute our share value. Our Certificate of Incorporation was recently amended to increase the number of shares of common stock which we are authorized to issue from 50,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 36,704,789 shares are issued and outstanding as of February 10, 2015. The future issuance of common stock may result in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors, and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for our common stock. The price of our common stock may be adversely impacted by developments applicable to other Chinese companies. There has been substantial press regarding certain Chinese companies that have apparently engaged in frauds and deceptive practices resulting in significant losses to investors. Such activities and the resulting negative press has had a negative impact on the prices of the stocks of Chinese companies generally. There is no guarantee that such that such activities will not continue causing investors to avoid buying our stock. Such activities could have a depressive impact on the price of our common stock. 15 Increased scrutiny of Chinese companies by short-sellers. The fraudulent activities of certain Chinese issuers have encouraged analysts to investigate Chinese companies in an effort to discredit the disclosures in their public filings or otherwise uncover deceptive practices. If such analysts elect to investigate a company they will often short the stock and release materials disparaging the issuer or questioning the accuracy of its public disclosures. Given the current environment for Chinese stocks, if an analyst were to publish a negative article about us, it could cause an immediate and substantial decline in the price of our stock, regardless of the accuracy of the claims in the article. The market price of our common stock can become volatile, leading to the possibility of its value being depressed at a time when you may want to sell your holdings. The market price of our common stock can become volatile. Numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. These factors include: · our earnings releases, actual or anticipated changes in our earnings, fluctuations in our operating results or our failure to meet the expectations of financial market analysts and investors; · changes in financial estimates by us or by any securities analysts who might cover our stock; · speculation about our business in the press or the investment community; · significant developments relating to our relationships with our customers; · stock market price and volume fluctuations of other publicly traded companies and, in particular, those that are in our industry; · customer demand for our services; · investor perceptions of our industry in general and our Company in particular; · the operating and stock performance of comparable companies; · general economic conditions and trends; · announcements by us or our competitors of new services, significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships or divestitures; · changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretation or principles; · loss of external funding sources; · sales of our common stock, including sales by our directors, officers or significant stockholders; and · additions or departures of key personnel. Securities class action litigation is often instituted against companies following periods of volatility in their stock price. Should this type of litigation be instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs to us and divert our management’s attention and resources. Moreover, securities markets may from time to time experience significant price and volume fluctuations for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These market fluctuations may adversely affect the price of our common stock and other interests in our Company at a time when you want to sell your interest in us. 16 Recently adopted SEC rules prohibit a reverse acquisition company from listing on a national securities exchange until the company has been in the U.S. over-the-counter market or on another regulated U.S. or foreign exchange for at least one complete fiscal year. Recently adopted SEC rules seek to improve the reliability of the reported financial results of reverse acquisition companies by requiring a pre-listing “seasoning period” during which the post-reverse acquisition public company must produce financial and other information in connection with its required SEC filings. The company also must maintain a requisite minimum share price for at least 30 of the most recent 60 trading days prior to the date of the initial listing application and the date of listing on any national securities exchange. By virtue of such rules it is unlikely that we will be eligible to list on a national securities exchange for at least one year following the Acquisition of Almonds Kisses BVI, and only if our stock trades above the requisite minimum price in accordance with the listing requirements of the applicable national securities exchange. Item 1B