 Our actual operating results may differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to, those described below. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to the other information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Risks Related to Our Business Our revenues, profitability and cash flows could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to operate certain key treatment facilities, our corporate office or our laboratory facility. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from three treatment facilities located in California, Nevada and Texas. These treatment facilities accounted for 79.4% of our total revenues in 2014 and 76.5% in 2013. It is likely that a small number of facilities will continue to contribute a significant portion of our total revenues in any given year for the foreseeable future. Additionally, we have a centralized corporate office that houses our accounting, billing and collections, information technology, marketing and call center departments and a high complexity laboratory facility that conducts quantitative drug testing and other laboratory services. If any event occurs that would result in a complete or partial shutdown of any of these facilities or our centralized corporate office or laboratory, including, without limitation, any material changes in legislative, regulatory, economic, environmental or competitive conditions in these states or natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes or floods or prolonged airline disruptions for any reason, such event could lead to decreased revenues and/or higher operating costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and cash flows. We rely on our multi-faceted sales and marketing program to continuously attract and enroll clients to our network of facilities. Any disruption in our national sales and marketing program would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We believe our national sales and marketing program provides us with a competitive advantage compared to treatment facilities that primarily target local geographic areas and use fewer marketing channels to attract clients. If any disruption occurs in our national sales and marketing program for any reason or if we are unable to effectively attract and enroll new clients to our network of facilities, 18 our ability to maintain census could be adversely affected, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our ability to grow or even to maintain our existing level of business depends significantly on our ability to establish and maintain close working and referral relationships with hospitals, other treatment facilities, employers, alumni, employee assistance programs and other referral sources. We have no binding commitments with any of these referral sources. We may not be able to maintain our existing referral relationships or develop and maintain new relationships in existing or new markets. If we lose existing relationships with our referral sources, the number of people to whom we provide services may decline, which may adversely affect our revenues. Also, if we fail to develop new referral relationships, our growth may be restrained. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from providing services to clients covered by third-party payors who could reduce their reimbursement rates or otherwise restrain our ability to obtain, or provide services to, clients. This risk is heightened because we are generally an “out-of-network” provider. Managed care organizations and other third-party payors pay for the services that we provide to many of our clients. For 2014 and 2013, approximately 90% of our revenues were reimbursable by third-party payors, including amounts paid by such payors to clients, with the remaining portion payable directly by our clients. If any of these third-party payors reduce their reimbursement rates or elect not to cover some or all of our services, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In addition to limiting the amounts payors will pay for the services we provide to their members, controls imposed by third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and the length of stay for clients, commonly referred to as “utilization review,” have affected and are expected to continue to affect our facilities. Utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a client by third-party payors. Inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payor-required preadmission authorization and utilization review and by payor pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less acutely ill clients. Efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. Although we are unable to predict the effect these controls and changes will have on our operations, significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes to government healthcare programs, principally Medicare and Medicaid, have resulted in limitations on reimbursement and, in some cases, reduced levels of reimbursement for healthcare services in recent years. In particular, recent governmental measures to regulate clinical laboratory services have resulted in reduced prices, added costs and decreased test utilization. Although we do not currently bill Medicare or Medicaid for our laboratory or other substance abuse treatment services, there is a risk that third-party commercial payors may implement similar changes. If the rates paid or the scope of laboratory or other substance abuse treatment services covered by third-party commercial payors are reduced, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We are considered an “out-of-network” provider with respect to the vast majority of third-party payors, and, therefore, we bill our full charges for services covered by such third-party payors. Third-party payors will generally attempt to limit use of out-of-network providers by requiring clients to pay higher copayment and/or deductible amounts for out-of-network care. Additionally, third-party payors have become increasingly aggressive in attempting to minimize the use of out-of-network providers by disregarding the assignment of payment from clients to out-of-network providers (i.e., sending payments to clients instead of out-of-network providers), capping out-of-network benefits payable to clients, waiving out-of-pocket payment amounts and initiating litigation against out-of-network providers for interference with contractual relationships, insurance fraud and violation of state licensing and consumer protection laws. If third-party payors impose further restrictions on out-of-network providers, our revenues could be threatened, forcing our facilities to participate with third-party payors and accept lower reimbursement rates compared to our historic reimbursement rates. Third-party payors also are entering into sole source contracts with some healthcare providers, which could effectively limit our pool of potential clients. Moreover, third-party payors are beginning to carve out specific services, including substance abuse treatment and behavioral health services, and establish small, specialized networks of providers for such services at fixed reimbursement rates. Continued growth in the use of carve-out arrangements could materially adversely affect our business to the extent we are not selected to participate in such smaller specialized networks or if the reimbursement rate is not adequate to cover the cost of providing the service. An increase in uninsured and underinsured clients or the deterioration in the collectability of the accounts of such clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Collection of receivables from third-party payors and clients is critical to our operating performance. Our primary collection risks are (i) the risk of overestimating our net revenues at the time of billing that may result in us receiving less than the recorded 19 receivable, (ii) the risk of non-payment as a result of commercial insurance companies denying claims, (iii) the risk that clients will fail to remit insurance payments to us when the commercial insurance company pays out-of-network claims directly to the client, (iv) resource and capacity constraints that may prevent us from handling the volume of billing and collection issues in a timely manner and (v) the risk of non-payment from uninsured clients. Additionally, our ability to hire and retain experienced personnel also affects our ability to bill and collect accounts in a timely manner. We establish our provision for doubtful accounts based on the aging of the receivables and taking into consideration historical collection experience by facility, services provided, payor source and historical reimbursement rate, current economic trends and percentages applied to the accounts receivable aging categories. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, our allowance for doubtful accounts represented approximately 22.8% and 35.2%, respectively, of our accounts receivable balance as of such date, with three commercial payors each representing in excess of 10% of the accounts receivable balance as of December 31, 2013 and 2014. We routinely review accounts receivable balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions that might ultimately affect the collectability of the client accounts and make adjustments to our allowances as warranted. Significant changes in business operations, payor mix or economic conditions, including changes resulting from implementation of the Affordable Care Act, could affect our collection of accounts receivable, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, increased client concentration in states that permit commercial insurance companies to pay out-of-network claims directly to the client instead of us, such as California and Nevada, will adversely affect our collection of receivables. If we experience unexpected increases in the growth of uninsured and underinsured clients or in our provision for doubtful accounts or unexpected changes in reimbursement rates by third-party payors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we overestimate the reimbursement amounts that payors will pay us for services performed, it would increase our revenue adjustments, which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and cash flows and lead to significant shifts in our results of operations from quarter to quarter that may make it difficult to project long-term performance. We recognize revenues from commercial payors at the time services are provided based on our estimate of the amount that payors will pay us for the services performed. We estimate the net realizable value of revenues by adjusting gross client charges using our expected realization and applying this discount to gross client charges. Through December 31, 2013, our expected realization was determined by management after taking into account historical collections received from the commercial payors since our inception compared to the gross client charges billed. Beginning in January 2014, we enhanced the methodology related to our net realizable value to more quickly react to potential changes in reimbursements by facility, by type of service and by payor. As a result, management adjusted the expected realization discount, on a per facility basis, to reflect a twelve-month historical analysis of reimbursement data by facility in addition to considering the type of services provided, the payors and the gross client charge rates by facility. This adjustment resulted in a decrease in our expected realization for the first half of 2014. A significant or sustained decrease in our collection rates could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. There is no assurance that we will be able to maintain or improve historical collection rates in future reporting periods. Estimates of net realizable value are subject to significant judgment and approximation by management. It is possible that actual results could differ from the historical estimates management has used to help determine the net realizable value of revenues. If our actual collections either exceed or are less than the net realizable value estimates, we will record a revenue adjustment, either positive or negative, for the difference between our estimate of the receivable and the amount actually collected in the reporting period in which the collection occurred. A significant negative revenue adjustment could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and cash flows in the reporting period in which such adjustment is recorded. In addition, if we record a significant revenue adjustment, either positive or negative, in any given reporting period, it may lead to significant shifts in our results from operations from quarter to quarter, which may limit our ability to make accurate long-term predictions about our future performance. Certain third-party payors account for a significant portion of our revenues, and the reduction of reimbursement rates or coverage of services by any such payor could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, profitability and cash flows. For the year ended December 31, 2014, approximately 18.1% of our revenue reimbursements came from Anthem Blue Cross Blue Shield of Colorado, 13.3% came from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Texas, 12.9% came from Aetna, 10.5% came from Blue Cross Blue Shield of California, and 10.5% came from United Behavioral Health. No other payor accounted for more than 10% of our revenue reimbursements for the year ended December 31, 2014. For the year ended December 31, 2013, approximately 12.3% of our revenue reimbursements came from Blue Cross Blue Shield of California, 12.1% came from Aetna, and 10.3% came from United Behavioral Health. No other payor accounted for more than 10% of our revenue reimbursements for the year ended December 31, 2013. If any of these or other third-party payors reduce their reimbursement rates for the services we provide or otherwise implement measures, such as specialized networks, that reduce the payments we receive, our revenues, profitability and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 20 Our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to meet our obligations under our indebtedness, react to changes in the economy or our industry and to raise additional capital to fund our operations. As of December 31, 2014, we had total debt of $28.6 million outstanding. We have historically relied on debt financing to fund our real estate development and our operating cash flow requirements, and we expect such debt financing needs to continue. A summary of the material terms of our indebtedness can be found in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” Our level of indebtedness could have important consequences to our stockholders. For example, it could: · make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, resulting in possible defaults on, and acceleration of, such indebtedness; · increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; · require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements or to carry out other aspects of our business; · limit our ability to obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements or to carry out other aspects of our business; · limit our ability to make material acquisitions or take advantage of business opportunities that may arise; and · place us at a potential competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. Our operating flexibility is limited in significant respects by the restrictive covenants in our amended and restated credit facility, and we have breached such covenants in the past and may be unable to comply with such covenants in the future. Our 2015 Credit Facility (as later defined) imposes restrictions that could impede our ability to enter into certain corporate transactions, as well as increases our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, by limiting our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in our business and industry. These restrictions limit our and our subsidiaries’ ability to, among other things: · incur or guarantee additional debt; · pay dividends on our capital stock or redeem, repurchase, retire or otherwise acquire any of our capital stock; · make certain capital expenditures; · enter into leases; · make certain payments or investments; · create liens on our assets; · make any substantial change in the nature of our business as it is currently conducted; and · merge or consolidate with other companies or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, our 2015 Credit Facility requires us to meet certain financial covenants. The restrictions may prevent us from taking actions that we believe would be in the best interests of our business and may make it difficult for us to successfully execute our business strategy or effectively compete with companies that are not similarly restricted. Our 2015 Credit Facility also contains cross-default provisions that apply to loans made pursuant to the 2015 Credit Facility and to any other material indebtedness we may have. We may also incur future debt obligations that might subject us to additional restrictive covenants that could affect our financial and operational flexibility. Our ability to comply with these covenants in future periods will largely depend on our ability to successfully implement our overall business strategy. In April 2014, in connection with the amendment and restatement of our prior credit facility, we received waivers from previous periods of noncompliance with certain financial covenants and other negative covenants under that prior credit facility. We cannot assure you that we will be granted any waivers or amendments to the 2015 Credit Facility if for any reason we are unable to comply with the terms of the 2015 Credit Facility in the future. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in a default under the 2015 Credit Facility, which could result in the acceleration of our debt. In the event of an acceleration of debt, we could be forced to apply all available cash flows to repay such debt and could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. 21 We will need additional financing to execute our business plan and fund operations, which additional financing may not be available on reasonable terms or at all. As of December 31, 2014, we had $63.2 million of working capital. Our acquisition and de novo development strategies will require substantial capital. For example: · On February 20, 2015, we completed the acquisition of the assets of Recovery First, a Florida-based provider of substance abuse treatment and rehabilitation services, for cash consideration of $13 million. In addition, on January 28, 2015, we signed a definitive agreement for the acquisition of an 84-bed hospital in Aliso Viejo, California for an aggregate purchase price of $13.5 million in cash. · On January 23, 2015, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire CSRI, a provider of intensive outpatient substance abuse treatment services, for $665,000 in cash and approximately $1.3 million in restricted shares of common stock. The acquisition, which is subject to certain closing conditions such as the assignment of certain contracts and the receipt of certain licenses necessary to operate the business, is expected to close during the second quarter of 2015. · On February 24, 2015, we completed the purchase of a property in Ringwood, New Jersey for an aggregate of $6.5 million in cash that we expect to develop into an inpatient facility with approximately 150 beds. We expect to invest approximately $16 million for renovations and construction. To fund our acquisition and development strategies, we will consider raising additional funds through various financing sources, including the sale of our equity securities and the procurement of commercial debt financing. However, there can be no assurance that such funds will be available on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms, we may be unable to expand or continue our business as desired and operating results may be adversely affected. Any debt financing will increase expenses and must be repaid regardless of operating results and may involve restrictions limiting our operating flexibility. If we issue equity securities to raise additional funds, the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders will be reduced, and our stockholders may experience additional dilution in net book value per share. Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets, both generally and specifically in our industry, which could impact the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with our revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, we may be required to decrease the pace of, or eliminate, our acquisition strategy and potentially reduce or even cease operations. Our business may face significant risks with respect to future de novo expansion, including the time and costs of identifying new geographic markets, the ability to obtain necessary licensure and other zoning or regulatory approvals and significant start-up costs including advertising, marketing and the costs of providing equipment, furnishings, supplies and other capital resources. As part of our growth strategy, we intend to develop new substance abuse treatment facilities in existing and new markets, either by building a new facility or by acquiring an existing facility with an alternative use and repurposing it as a substance abuse treatment facility. Such de novo expansion involves significant risks, including, but not limited to, the following: · identifying locations in suitable geographic markets can be a lengthy and costly process and may divert management attention from existing operations; · a change in existing comprehensive zoning plans or zoning regulations that imposes additional restrictions on use or requirements could impact our expansion into otherwise suitable geographic markets; · the de novo facility may require significant advertising and marketing expenditures to attract clients; · we will need to provide each de novo facility with the appropriate equipment, furnishings, materials, supplies and other capital resources; · our ability to obtain licensure and accreditation, establish relationships with healthcare providers in the community and delays or difficulty in installing our operating and information systems; · the time and costs of evaluating new markets, hiring experienced local physicians, management and staff and opening new facilities, and the time lags between these activities and the generation of sufficient revenues to support the costs of the expansion; and · our ability to finance de novo expansion and possible dilution to our existing stockholders if our common stock is used as consideration. As a result of these and other risks, there can be no assurance that a de novo treatment facility will become profitable. 22 Our acquisition strategy exposes us to a variety of operational and financial risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. A principal element of our business strategy is to grow by acquiring other companies and assets in the mental health and substance abuse treatment industry. For example: · On February 20, 2015, we completed the acquisition of the assets of Recovery First, a Florida-based provider of substance abuse treatment and rehabilitation services, for cash consideration of $13 million. · On January 23, 2015, we signed a definitive agreement to acquire CSRI, a provider of intensive outpatient substance abuse treatment services, for $665,000 in cash and approximately $1.3 million in restricted shares of common stock. The acquisition, which is subject to certain closing conditions such as the assignment of certain contracts and the receipt of certain licenses necessary to operate the business, is expected to close during the second quarter of 2015. We evaluate potential acquisition opportunities consistent with the normal course of our business. Our ability to complete acquisitions is subject to a number of risks and variables, including our ability to negotiate mutually agreeable terms with the counterparties, our ability to finance the purchase price and our ability to obtain any licenses or other approvals required to operate the assets to be acquired. We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions, which may impede our growth and negatively affect our results of operations and may also require a significant amount of management resources. In addition, growth, especially rapid growth, through acquisitions exposes us to a variety of operational and financial risks. We summarize the most significant of these risks below. Integration risks . We must integrate our acquisitions with our existing operations. This process includes the integration of the various components of our business and of the businesses we have acquired or may acquire in the future, including the following: · physicians and employees who are not familiar with our operations; · clients who may elect to switch to another substance abuse treatment provider; · regulatory compliance programs; and · disparate operating, information and record keeping systems and technology platforms. The integration of acquisitions with our operations could be expensive, require significant attention from management, may impose substantial demands on our operations or other projects and may impose challenges on the combined business including, without limitation, consistencies in business standards, procedures, policies, business cultures and internal controls and compliance. In addition, certain acquisitions require a capital outlay, and the return we achieve on such invested capital may be less than the return that we could achieve on other projects or investments. Benefits may not materialize . When evaluating potential acquisition targets, we identify potential synergies and cost savings that we expect to realize upon the successful completion of the acquisition and the integration of the related operations. We may, however, be unable to achieve or may otherwise never realize the expected benefits. Our ability to realize the expected benefits from potential cost savings and revenue improvement opportunities is subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, such as changes to government regulation governing or otherwise impacting the substance abuse treatment and behavioral healthcare industries, reductions in reimbursement rates from third-party payors, operating difficulties, client preferences, changes in competition and general economic or industry conditions. If we do not achieve our expected results, it may adversely impact our results of operations. Assumptions of unknown liabilities. Facilities that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including, without limitation, liabilities for failure to comply with healthcare laws and regulations. Although we typically attempt to exclude significant liabilities from our acquisition transactions and seek indemnification from the sellers of such facilities for at least a portion of these matters, we may experience difficulty enforcing those indemnification obligations, or we may incur material liabilities for the past activities of acquired facilities. Such liabilities and related legal or other costs and/or resulting damage to a facility’s reputation could negatively impact our business. Acquisitions. Suitable acquisitions may not be accomplished due to unfavorable terms. Further, the cost of an acquisition could result in a dilutive effect on our results of operations, depending on various factors, including the amount paid for an acquired facility, the acquired facility’s results of operations, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, effects of subsequent legislation and limits on reimbursement rate increases. In addition, we may have to pay cash, incur additional debt or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, which could adversely affect our financial results, result in dilution to our existing stockholders, result in increased fixed obligations or impede our ability to manage our operations. Managing growth. Some of the facilities we have acquired or may acquire in the future may have had significantly lower operating margins than the facilities we operated prior to the time of our acquisition thereof or had operating losses prior to such 23 acquisition. If we fail to improve the operating margins of the facilities we acquire, operate such facilities profitably or effectively integrate the operations of acquired facilities, our results of operations could be negatively impacted. Our ability to maintain census and the average length of stay of our clients is dependent on a number of factors outside of our control, and if we are unable to maintain census, or if we experience a significant decrease in average length of stay, our business, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Our revenues are directly impacted by our ability to maintain census and, to a lesser extent, the average length of stay of our clients. These metrics are dependent on a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts, our referral relationships, our staffing levels and facility capacity, the extent to which third-party payors require preadmission authorization or utilization review controls, competition in the industry and the decisions of our clients to seek and commit to treatment. A significant decrease in census or, to a lesser extent, average length of stay could materially adversely affect our revenues, profitability and cash flows due to lower reimbursements received and the additional resources required to collect accounts receivable and to maintain our existing level of business. Given the client-driven nature of the substance abuse treatment sector, our business is dependent on clients seeking and committing to treatment. Although increased awareness and de-stigmatization of substance abuse treatment in recent years has resulted in more people seeking treatment, the decision of each client to seek treatment is ultimately discretionary. In addition, even after the initial decision to seek treatment is made, our adult clients may decide at any time to discontinue treatment and leave our facilities against the advice of our physicians and other treatment professionals. For this reason, among others, average length of stay can vary among periods without correlating to the overall operating performance of our business, and as a result, management does not view average length of stay as a key metric with respect to our operating performance. However, if clients or potential clients decide not to seek treatment or discontinue treatment early, census and average length of stay could decrease and, as a result, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. As a provider of treatment services, we are subject to governmental investigations and potential claims and legal actions by clients, employees and others, which may increase our costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Given the addiction and mental health of clients and the services provided, the substance abuse treatment industry is heavily regulated by governmental agencies and involves significant risk of liability. We and others in our industry are exposed to the risk of governmental investigations and lawsuits or other claims against us and our physicians and professionals arising out of our day to day business operations, including, without limitation, client treatment at our facilities and relationships with healthcare providers that may refer clients to us. Addressing any investigations, lawsuits or other claims may distract management and divert resources, even if we ultimately prevail. Fines, restrictions and penalties imposed as a result of an investigation or a successful lawsuit or claim that is not covered by, or is in excess of, our insurance coverage may increase our costs and reduce our profitability. Our insurance premiums have increased year over year, and insurance coverage may not be available at a reasonable cost, especially given the significant increase in insurance premiums generally experienced in the healthcare industry. We are also subject to potential medical malpractice lawsuits and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. Some of these actions may involve large claims as well as significant defense costs. We cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits or the effect that findings in such lawsuits may have on us. All professional and general liability insurance we purchase is subject to policy limitations. We believe that, based on our past experience, our insurance coverage is adequate considering the claims arising from the operation of our facilities. While we continuously monitor our coverage, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates. If such policy limitations should be partially or fully exhausted in the future or if payments of claims exceed our estimates or are not covered by our insurance, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive industry, and competition may lead to declines in client volumes and an increase in labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The substance abuse treatment industry is highly competitive, and competition among substance abuse treatment providers (including behavioral healthcare facilities) for clients has intensified in recent years. There are behavioral healthcare facilities that provide substance abuse and other mental health treatment services comparable to at least some of the services offered by our facilities in each of the geographical areas in which we operate. Some of our competitors are owned by tax-supported governmental agencies or by nonprofit corporations and may have certain financial advantages not available to us, including endowments, charitable contributions, tax-exempt financing and exemptions from sales, property and income taxes. If our competitors are better able to attract clients, expand services or obtain favorable participation agreements at their facilities, we may experience a decline in client volume, and it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 24 Our operations depend on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management team, physicians and medical support personnel, including our nurses, mental health technicians, therapists and counselors. We compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management, physicians, nurses and other support personnel responsible for the daily operations of our facilities. The nationwide shortage of nurses and other medical support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. This shortage may require us to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel or require us to hire more expensive temporary or contract personnel. In addition, certain of our facilities are required to maintain specified nurse-staffing levels. To the extent we cannot meet those levels, we may be required to limit the services provided by these facilities, which could have a corresponding adverse effect on our net operating revenues. Increased labor union activity is another factor that could adversely affect our labor costs. Although we are not aware of any union organizing activity at any of our facilities, we are unable to predict whether any such activity will take place in the future. To the extent that a portion of our employee base unionizes, it is possible that our labor costs could increase materially. We cannot predict the degree to which we will be affected by the future availability or cost of attracting and retaining talented medical support staff. If our general labor and related expenses increase, we may not be able to raise our rates correspondingly. Our failure to either recruit and retain qualified management, physicians, nurses and other medical support personnel or control our labor costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We depend heavily on key management personnel, and the departure of one or more of our key executives or a significant portion of our local facility management personnel or sales force could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The expertise and efforts of our key executives, including our chief executive officer, president, chief operating officer, chief financial officer and general counsel, and other key members of our facility management personnel and sales staff are critical to the success of our business. We do not currently have employment agreements or non-competition covenants with any of our key executives. The loss of the services of one or more of our key executives or of a significant portion of our facility management personnel or sales staff could significantly undermine our management expertise and our ability to provide efficient, quality healthcare services at our facilities. Furthermore, if one or more of our key executives were to terminate employment with us and engage in a competing business, we would be subject to increased competition, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business depends on our information systems and our inability to effectively integrate, manage and keep secure our information systems could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business depends on effective and secure information systems that assist us in, among other things, admitting clients to our facilities, monitoring census and utilization, processing and collecting claims, reporting financial results, measuring outcomes and quality of care, managing regulatory compliance controls, and maintaining operational efficiencies. These systems include software developed in-house and systems provided by external contractors and other service providers. To the extent that these external contractors or other service providers become insolvent or fail to support the software or systems, our operations could be negatively affected. Our facilities also depend upon our information systems for electronic medical records, accounting, billing, collections, risk management, payroll and other information. If we experience a reduction in the performance, reliability, or availability of our information systems, our operations and ability to process transactions and produce timely and accurate reports could be adversely affected. Our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading, and enhancement to meet our operational needs. Our acquisitions require transitions and integration of various information systems. We regularly upgrade and expand our information systems’ capabilities. If we experience difficulties with the transition and integration of information systems or are unable to implement, maintain, or expand our systems properly, we could suffer from, among other things, operational disruptions, regulatory problems, working capital disruptions and increases in administrative expenses. In addition, we could be subject to a cyber-attack that bypasses our information technology security systems and other security incidents that result in security breaches, including the theft, loss or misappropriation of individually identifiable health information subject to HIPAA and other privacy and security laws, proprietary business information, or other confidential or personal data. Such an incident could also disrupt our information technology business systems, cause us to incur significant investigation and remediation expenses, and subject us to litigation, government inquiries, penalties and reputational damages. Information security and the continued development, maintenance and enhancement of our safeguards to protect our systems, data, software and networks is a priority for us. As security threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify and enhance our safeguards and investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. If we are subject to cyber-attacks or security breaches, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 25 Further, our information systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from fire, flood, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, break-ins and similar events. A failure to implement our disaster recovery plans or ultimately restore our information systems after the occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because of the confidential health information we store and transmit, loss of electronically-stored information for any reason could expose us to a risk of regulatory action, litigation, possible liability and loss. Failure to adequately protect our trademarks and any other proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We maintain a trademark portfolio that we consider to be of significant importance to our business, and we may acquire additional trademarks or other proprietary rights in acquisitions that we pursue as part of our growth strategy. If the actions we take to establish and protect our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequate to prevent imitation of our services by others or to prevent others from seeking to block sales of our services as an alleged violation of their trademarks and proprietary rights, it may be necessary for us to initiate or enter into litigation in the future to enforce our trademark rights or to defend ourselves against claimed infringement of the rights of others. Any legal proceedings could result in an adverse determination that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Regulatory Matters If we fail to comply with the extensive laws and government regulations impacting our industry, we could suffer penalties, be the subject of federal and state investigations or be required to make significant changes to our operations, which may reduce our revenues, increase our costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Healthcare service providers are required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things: · licensure, certification and accreditation of substance abuse treatment services; · Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (“CLIA”) certification and state licensure of laboratory services; · handling, administration and distribution of controlled substances; · necessity and adequacy of care, quality of services, and qualifications of professional and support personnel; · referrals of clients and permissible relationships with physicians and other referral sources; · billings for reimbursement from commercial payors; · consumer protection issues and billing and collection of client-owed accounts issues; · privacy and security issues associated with health-related information, client personal information and medical records, including their use and disclosure, client notices, adequate security safeguards and the handling of breaches, complaints and accounting for disclosures; · physical plant planning, construction of new facilities and expansion of existing facilities; · activities regarding competitors; · state corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting, self-referral and kickback prohibitions; and · claim submission and collections, including penalties for the submission of, or causing the submission of, false, fraudulent or misleading claims. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in the imposition of significant civil or criminal penalties, loss of license or certification or require us to change our operations, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Both federal and state government agencies as well as commercial payors have heightened and coordinated civil and criminal enforcement efforts as part of numerous ongoing investigations of healthcare organizations. We endeavor to comply with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements, however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to adhere to all of the complex government regulations that apply to our business. In this regard, we seek to structure all of our relationships with physicians to comply with applicable anti-kickback laws, physician self-referral laws, fee-splitting laws and state corporate practice of medicine prohibitions. We monitor these laws and implement changes as necessary. However, the laws and regulations in these areas are complex and often subject to varying interpretations. For example, if an enforcement agency were to challenge the compensation paid under our contracts with professional physician groups, we could be required to change our practices, face criminal or civil penalties, pay substantial fines or otherwise experience a material adverse effect as a result of a challenge to these arrangements. 26 We may be required to spend substantial amounts to comply with legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to privacy and security of client health information. There are currently numerous legislative and regulatory initiatives at the federal and state levels addressing client privacy and security concerns. In particular, federal regulations issued under the Drug Abuse Prevention, Treatment and Rehabilitation Act of 1979 strictly restrict the disclosure of client identifiable information related to substance abuse and apply to any of our facilities that receive any federal assistance, which is interpreted broadly to include facilities licensed, certified or registered by a federal agency. In addition, the federal privacy and security regulations issued under HIPAA require our facilities to comply with extensive administrative requirements on the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health information (known as “protected health information”) and require covered entities, which include most healthcare providers, to implement and maintain administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the security of such information. Additional security requirements apply to electronic protected health information. These regulations also provide clients with substantive rights with respect to their health information and impose substantial administrative obligations on our facilities, including the requirement to enter into written agreements with contractors, known as business associates, to whom our programs disclose protected health information. We may be subject to penalties as a result of a business associate violating HIPAA, if the business associate is found to be our agent. Covered entities must notify individuals, HHS, and, in some cases, the media of breaches involving unsecured protected health information. HHS and state attorneys general are authorized to enforce these regulations. Violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations may result in significant civil and criminal penalties, and data breaches and other HIPAA violations may give rise to class action lawsuits by affected clients under state law. Our programs remain subject to any privacy-related federal or state laws that are more restrictive than the HIPAA privacy and security regulations. These laws vary by state and could impose additional requirements and penalties. For example, some states impose strict restrictions on the use and disclosure of health information pertaining to mental health or substance abuse. Further, most states have enacted laws and regulations that require us to notify affected individuals in the event of a data breach involving individually identifiable information. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission may use its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions in response to data breaches or other privacy or security lapses. As public attention is drawn to issues related to the privacy and security of medical and other personal information, federal and state authorities may increase enforcement efforts, seek to impose harsher penalties as well as revise and expand laws or enact new laws concerning these topics. Compliance with current as well as any newly established provisions or interpretations of existing requirements will require us to expend significant resources. Increased focus on privacy and security issues by enforcement authorities may increase the overall risk that our substance abuse treatment facilities may be found lacking under federal and state privacy and security laws and regulations. Our treatment facilities operate in an environment of increasing state and federal enforcement activity and private litigation targeted at healthcare providers. Both federal and state government agencies have heightened and coordinated their civil and criminal enforcement efforts as part of numerous ongoing investigations of healthcare companies and various segments of the healthcare industry. These investigations relate to a wide variety of topics, including relationships with physicians, billing practices and use of controlled substances. The Affordable Care Act included an additional $350 million of federal funding over 10 years to fight healthcare fraud, waste and abuse, including $30 million for federal fiscal year 2015. From time to time, the HHS Office of Inspector General and the Department of Justice have established national enforcement initiatives that focus on specific billing practices or other suspected areas of abuse. Although we do not currently bill Medicare or Medicaid for substance abuse treatment services, there is a risk that specific investigation initiatives could be expanded to include our treatment facilities. In addition, increased government enforcement activities, even if not directed towards our treatment facilities, also increase the risk that our facilities, physicians and other clinicians furnishing services in our facilities, or our executives and directors, could become named as defendants in private litigation such as state or federal false claims act cases or consumer protection cases, or could become the subject of complaints at the various state and federal agencies that have jurisdiction over our operations. Any governmental investigations, private litigation or other legal proceedings involving any of our facilities, our executives or our directors, even if we ultimately prevail, could result in significant expense and could adversely affect our reputation. In addition, we may be required to make changes in our laboratory or other substance abuse treatment services as a result of an adverse determination in any governmental enforcement action, private litigation or other legal proceeding, which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Changes to federal, state and local regulations, as well as different or new interpretations of existing regulations, could adversely affect our operations and profitability. Because our treatment programs and operations are regulated at federal, state and local levels, we could be affected by different regulatory changes in different regional markets. Increases in the costs of regulatory compliance and the risks of noncompliance may increase our operating costs, and we may not be able to recover these increased costs, which may adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. 27 Many of the current laws and regulations are relatively new. Thus, we do not always have the benefit of significant regulatory or judicial interpretation of these laws and regulations. In the future, different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our treatment facilities, equipment, personnel, services or capital expenditure programs. A determination that we have violated these laws, or a public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of these laws, could adversely affect our business, operating results and overall reputation in the marketplace. In addition, federal, state and local regulations may be enacted that impose additional requirements on our facilities. Adoption of legislation or the creation of new regulations affecting our facilities could increase our operating costs, restrain our growth, limit us from taking advantage of opportunities presented and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse changes in existing comprehensive zoning plans or zoning regulations that impose additional restrictions on the use of, or requirements applicable to, our facilities may affect our ability to operate our existing facilities or acquire new facilities, which may adversely affect our results of operations and profitability. We are subject to uncertainties regarding the impact of the Affordable Care Act and related payment reform efforts, which represent a significant change to the healthcare industry. The Affordable Care Act provides for increased access to coverage for healthcare and seeks to reduce healthcare-related expenses. Overall, the expansion of health insurance coverage under the Affordable Care Act is expected to be beneficial to the substance abuse treatment industry. Health insurers are prohibited from denying coverage to individuals because of preexisting conditions. Further, all new small group and individual market health plans must cover ten essential health benefit categories, which include substance abuse addiction and mental health disorder services. Likewise, the Affordable Care Act requires small group and individual market plans to comply with the requirements of the MHPAEA, which was previously limited to group health plans and group insurers. According to 2013 HHS estimates, these changes will ensure coverage for substance abuse addiction treatment and mental health disorders treatment for 62.5 million Americans. The expansion of commercial insurance for substance abuse treatment services under the Affordable Care Act may result in a higher demand for services from all providers. This may bring new competitors to the market, some of which may be better capitalized and have greater market penetration than we do. Further, we expect increased demand for substance abuse treatment services to also increase the demand for case managers, therapists, medical technicians and others with clinical expertise in substance abuse treatment, which may make it more difficult to adequately staff our substance abuse treatment facilities and could significantly increase our costs in delivering treatment, which may adversely affect both our operations and profitability. One of the many impacts of the Affordable Care Act has been a dramatic increase in payment reform efforts by federal and state government payors as well as commercial payors. These efforts take many forms including the growth of accountable care organizations (“ACOs”), pay-for-performance bonus arrangements, partial capitation arrangements and the bundling of services into a single payment. One result of these efforts is that more risk of the overall cost of care is being transferred to providers. As institutional providers and their affiliated physicians assume more risk for the cost of care, we expect more services to be furnished within provider networks formed to accept these types of payment reform. Our ability to compete and to retain our traditional sources of clients may be adversely affected by our exclusion from such networks or our inability to be included in such networks. The Affordable Care Act remains subject to court challenges, legislative efforts to repeal or amend the law and regulatory interpretation. We cannot predict the impact the implementation of the Affordable Care Act and related rulemaking and regulations may have on our business, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources and liquidity or whether we will be able to adapt successfully to the changes required by the Affordable Care Act. Change of ownership or change of control requirements imposed by state and federal licensure and certification agencies as well as third-party payors may limit our ability to timely realize opportunities, adversely affect our licenses and certifications, interrupt our cash flows and adversely affect our profitability. State licensure laws and many federal healthcare programs (where applicable) impose a number of obligations on healthcare providers undergoing a change of ownership or change of control transaction. These requirements may require new license applications as well as notices given a fixed number of days prior to the closing of affected transactions. These provisions require us to be proactive when considering both internal restructuring and acquisitions of third-party targets. Failure to provide such notices or to submit required paperwork can adversely affect licensure on a going forward basis, can subject the parties to penalties and can adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities. Many third-party payor agreements, including government payor programs, also have change of ownership or change of control provisions. Such provisions generally include a prior notice provision as well as require the consent of the payor in order to continue the terms of the payor agreement. A failure to abide by the terms of such provisions can result in a breach of the underlying third-party payor agreement. Further, abiding by the terms of such provisions may reopen pricing negotiations with third-party payors where the 28 provider currently has favorable reimbursement terms as compared to the market. Currently, we have very few third-party payor agreements; however, as substance abuse treatment coverage and payment reform initiatives continue to expand, these types of provisions could have a significant impact on our ability to realize opportunities and could adversely affect our cash flows and profitability. We could face risks associated with, or arising out of, environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. We are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that: · regulate certain activities and operations that may have environmental or health and safety effects, such as the generation, handling and disposal of medical and pharmaceutical wastes; · impose liability for costs of cleaning up, and damages to natural resources from, past spills, waste disposals on and off-site and other releases of hazardous materials or regulated substances; and · regulate workplace safety. Compliance with these laws and regulations could increase our costs of operation. Violation of these laws may subject us to significant fines, penalties or disposal costs, which could negatively impact our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. We could be responsible for the investigation and remediation of environmental conditions at currently or formerly operated or leased sites, as well as for associated liabilities, including liabilities for natural resource damages, third-party property damage or personal injury resulting from lawsuits that could be brought by the government or private litigants relating to our operations, the operations of our facilities or the land on which our facilities are located. We may be subject to these liabilities regardless of whether we lease or own the facility, and regardless of whether such environmental conditions were created by us or by a prior owner or tenant, or by a third-party or a neighboring facility whose operations may have affected such facility or land, because liability for contamination under certain environmental laws can be imposed on current or past owners or operators of a site without regard to fault. We cannot assure you that environmental conditions relating to our prior, existing or future sites or those of predecessor companies whose liabilities we may have assumed or acquired will not have a material adverse effect on our business. State efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of healthcare facilities could impair our ability to operate and expand our facilities. The construction of new healthcare facilities, the expansion, transfer or change of ownership of existing facilities and the addition of new beds, services or equipment may be subject to state laws that require prior approval by state regulatory agencies under CON laws. These laws generally require that a state agency determine the public need for construction or acquisition of facilities or the addition of new services. Review of CONs and other healthcare planning initiatives may be lengthy and may require public hearings. We currently do not operate facilities in any states where a CON is required to be obtained for capital expenditures exceeding a prescribed amount, changes in capacity or services offered. However, states in which we now or may in the future operate may require CONs under certain circumstances not currently applicable to us or may impose standards and other health planning requirements upon us. Violations of these state laws and our failure to obtain any necessary state approval could: · result in our inability to acquire a targeted facility, complete a desired expansion or make a desired replacement; or · result in the revocation of a facility’s license or impose civil or criminal penalties on us, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are unable to obtain required regulatory, zoning or other required approvals for renovations and expansions, our growth may be restrained and our operating results may be adversely affected. In the past, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from such requirements, but we cannot predict the future impact of these changes upon our operations. Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure We are a holding company with nominal net worth and will depend on dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to pay dividends, if any. AAC Holdings, Inc. is a holding company with nominal net worth. We do not conduct any business operations other than our investments in our subsidiaries. Our business operations are conducted primarily out of our direct operating subsidiary, AAC. As a result, our ability to pay dividends, if any, will be dependent upon cash dividends and distributions or other transfers to us from our subsidiaries, including AAC. Payments to us by our subsidiaries will be contingent upon their respective earnings and subject to any limitations on the ability of such entities to make payments or other distributions to us. In addition, our subsidiaries, including our direct operating subsidiary, AAC, are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to make any funds available to us. 29 Our directors, executive officers and principal stockholders and their respective affiliates have substantial control over the company and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control. Our directors, executive officers and holders of more than 5% of our common stock, together with their affiliates, beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 64.4% of our outstanding common stock. In addition, Michael T. Cartwright, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and his affiliates own approximately 26.8% of our common stock, and Jerrod N. Menz, our President, and his affiliates own approximately 24.2% of our common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, have substantial control over the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, these stockholders, acting together, have significant influence over the management and affairs of our company. Accordingly, this concentration of ownership may have the effect of: · delaying, deferring or preventing a change in corporate control; · impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or · discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. Anti-takeover provisions in our articles of incorporation, bylaws and Nevada law could prevent or delay a change in control of our company. Provisions in our articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, which we refer to as our bylaws, may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or change of control. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. These provisions: · permit our Board of Directors to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with any rights, preferences and privileges as they may designate, including the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control; · provide that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution of the Board of Directors; · provide that all vacancies, including newly created directorships, may, except as otherwise required by law, be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum; · provide that stockholders seeking to present proposals before a meeting of stockholders or to nominate candidates for election as directors at a meeting of stockholders must provide notice in writing in a timely manner and also specify requirements as to the form and content of a stockholder’s notice; · provide that our stockholders may not take action by written consent, but may only take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders; · do not provide for cumulative voting rights (therefore allowing the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote in any election of directors to elect all of the directors standing for election, if they should so choose); and · provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by the chairman of the Board of Directors, our Chief Executive Officer and the Board of Directors pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of authorized directors or the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of voting stock. The lack of public company experience of our management team could adversely impact our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of U.S. securities laws. Prior to the completion of our IPO in October 2014, our management team lacked public company experience, which could impair our ability to comply with legal and regulatory requirements such as those imposed by the SEC, the NYSE, or Sarbanes-Oxley. In addition, prior to the IPO, we were a private company with limited accounting personnel and other related resources, and hired accounting personnel with SEC reporting experience during 2014. Despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, compliance with the securities laws and regulations, as well as the requirements of the NYSE, occupy a significant amount of time of our management and significantly increase our legal, accounting and other expenses, particularly after we no longer qualify as an “emerging growth company.” Our senior management may not be able to implement programs and policies in an effective and timely manner that adequately respond to such increased legal, regulatory compliance and reporting requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. Any such deficiencies, weaknesses or lack of compliance could have a material adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, which is necessary to maintain our public company status. If we fail to fulfill any of these public company reporting obligations, our ability to continue as a U.S. public company will be in jeopardy. We are an emerging growth company, and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company” as defined under the JOBS Act. For as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies 30 that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years following the IPO, although we could lose that status sooner if our revenues exceed $1 billion, if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three year period or if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates meets or exceeds $700 million as of any June 30th before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31st. Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this extended transition period for implementing new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, will comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We incur substantial costs as a result of being a public company. As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses, including costs associated with public company reporting requirements. We incur costs associated with complying with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, and related rules implemented by the SEC and NYSE. Enacted in July 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act contains significant corporate governance and executive compensation-related provisions, some of which the SEC has recently implemented by adopting additional rules and regulations in areas such as executive compensation. The expenses incurred by public companies generally for reporting and corporate governance purposes have been increasing. Management expects these laws and regulations to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly, although management is currently unable to estimate these costs with any degree of certainty. These laws and regulations could make it more difficult or costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. These laws and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as our executive officers. Furthermore, if we are unable to satisfy our obligations as a public company, we could be subject to delisting of our common stock, fines, sanctions and other regulatory action and potentially civil litigation. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Market volatility may cause our stock price to decline. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially as the market price for our common stock is affected by a number of factors including: · changes in policies affecting third-party coverage and reimbursement in the United States; · our ability to achieve market success; · actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; · announcements of new services or innovations by us or our competitors; · sales of common stock or other securities by us or our stockholders in the future; · additions or departures of key management personnel; · trading volume or our common stock; · developments in our industry; or · general market conditions and other factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors. In addition, the stock prices of many companies in the healthcare industry have experienced wide fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. We expect our stock price to be similarly volatile. These broad market fluctuations may continue and could harm our stock price. Following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, stockholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Class action securities litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 31 Securities analysts may not initiate coverage for our common stock or may issue negative reports, and this may have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock. Securities analysts may elect not to provide research coverage of our common stock. The lack of research coverage may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. The trading market for our common stock may be affected in part by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business, and our failure to achieve analyst earnings estimates. It may be difficult for companies such as ours, with smaller market capitalizations, to attract securities analysts that will cover our common stock. If one or more of the analysts who elects to cover us downgrades our stock, our stock price would likely decline rapidly. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. Failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or Sarbanes-Oxley, could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are required to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in the course of preparing our consolidated financial statements. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, we may be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis, may suffer adverse regulatory consequences or violations of NYSE listing rules. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence in our financial statements is also likely to suffer if we report a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, we have incurred and will continue to incur incremental costs in order to improve our internal control over financial reporting and comply with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley, including increased auditing and legal fees. We have not paid dividends in the past and do not expect to pay dividends in the future. AAC Holdings, Inc. has never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business, and therefore, we do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determination related to the payment of dividends will be made at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our Board of Directors may deem relevant. Item 1B