 Investors or potential
investors in the Company should carefully consider the risks described below. These risks are not the only ones we face. Additional
risks of which we are presently unaware or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations and hinder
our financial performance, including our ability to make distributions to our investors. We have organized our summary of these
risks into six subsections: · financing risks; · real estate related risks; · risks related to our relationship with our Manager; · tax risks; · environmental and other legal risks; and · risks for investors in our stock. This section includes forward-looking
statements. Financing Risks If we are unable to meet mortgage
payments on any mortgaged property, the mortgage holder could foreclose upon the property and take other actions. If we are unable
to meet mortgage payments on any mortgaged property, the mortgage holder could foreclose upon the property, appoint a receiver,
and receive an assignment of rents and leases, or pursue other remedies, all with a consequent loss of our revenues and asset value.
Foreclosures could also create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds. Rising interest rates could materially
and adversely affect the cost of our indebtedness. We have incurred
and may again in the future incur debt that bears interest at a variable rate. As of March 20, 2015, we have $2,238,625 in loans
that bear interest at a floating interest rate. Accordingly, increases in interest rates would increase our interest costs, which
could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to pay amounts due on our debt and to pay future
distributions to our investors. We face the normal risks associated
with debt financing. We are subject to
the normal risks associated with debt financing, including the risks that our cash flow will be insufficient to meet required payments
of principal and interest and that we will not be able to renew, repay, or refinance our debt when it matures or that the terms
of any renewal or refinancing will not be as favorable as the existing terms of that debt. If we are unable to pay our obligations
to our secured lenders, they could proceed against any or all of the collateral securing our indebtedness to them. In addition,
a breach of the restrictions or covenants contained in our loan documents could cause an acceleration of our indebtedness. We may
not have or may be unable to obtain sufficient funds to repay our indebtedness in full upon acceleration. If we are unable to refinance
our debt upon acceleration or at scheduled maturity on acceptable terms or at all, we face the risks described in the first risk
factor above. 5 Real Estate-Related Risks We face risks associated with land
holdings and related activities and we may have a difficult time selling our existing land holdings. We hold undeveloped
land that we intend to sell. Real estate markets are highly uncertain and, as a result, the value of undeveloped land has fluctuated
significantly and may continue to fluctuate. We may be unable to sell our existing land parcels at prices that we believe reflect
their true value. If we are unable to sell these land parcels at prices that we believe reflect their true value, we may either
be forced to hold the parcels for longer than we would like or to sell them at prices that are lower than we would like. In addition,
carrying costs can be significant and can result in losses or reduced profitability. Real estate properties are illiquid
and are difficult to sell. Real estate investments
are relatively illiquid, which limits our ability to react quickly to adverse changes in economic or other market conditions. Our
ability to dispose of assets depends on prevailing economic and market conditions. We may be unable to sell our properties to repay
debt, to raise capital we need to fund our future potential acquisitions, or to fund distributions to investors. We face substantial competition. All of our existing
properties are located in developed areas where we face substantial competition from other properties and from other real estate
companies that own or may develop or renovate competing properties. The substantial number of competitive properties and real estate
companies in our market areas could have a material adverse effect on our ability to sell our existing properties. In addition,
properties we acquire in the future will also likely face competition for tenants. These factors could materially and adversely
affect the value of our real estate portfolio, our results of operations, our ability to pay amounts due on our mortgage debt,
and our ability to pay distributions to our investors. Changes in market or economic conditions
may affect our business negatively. General economic
conditions and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect real property income and capital appreciation. Losses from natural catastrophes
may exceed our insurance coverage. We carry what we
believe to be customary insurance on our properties in amounts and types that we believe are commercially reasonable for the types
of properties we hold. We intend to obtain commercially reasonable types and amounts of insurance coverage for properties we acquire
in the future. For income producing commercial properties we may acquire in the futures, we expect to obtain comprehensive liability,
fire, flood, extended coverage, and rental loss insurance with policy specifications, insured limits and deductibles that we believe
are customary and prudent for similar properties. Nevertheless, some losses of a catastrophic nature, such as losses from floods
or high winds, may be subject to limitations. We may not be able to maintain our insurance at a reasonable cost or in sufficient
amounts to protect us against potential losses. Further, our insurance costs could increase in future periods. If we suffer a substantial
loss, our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to pay the full current market value of the lost investment. Inflation, changes
in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations, and other factors also might make it impractical to use insurance
proceeds to replace a damaged or destroyed property. 6 Our real estate assets may be subject
to further impairment charges. We have recorded
non-cash impairment losses on a number of our assets, and we may have to record additional impairment losses in the future. Although
we believe we have applied reasonable estimates and judgments in determining the proper classification of our real estate assets,
these estimates require the use of estimated market values, which are difficult to assess. If changes in circumstances require
us to adjust our valuation assumptions for our assets, we could be required to record additional impairment losses. Any future
impairment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the period in which we record the impairment losses. Failure to succeed in new markets
may limit our growth. We may in the future
make acquisitions outside of our existing market areas. We may not be able to operate successfully in new markets, and we may be
exposed to a variety of risks if we choose to enter new markets. These risks include, among others: · an inability to evaluate accurately local real estate market conditions
and local economies; · an inability to identify appropriate acquisition opportunities; and · an inability to hire and retain key personnel in those markets. We may acquire or redevelop real estate
and acquire related companies and this may create risks. We may acquire or
redevelop properties or acquire real estate related companies when we believe doing so is consistent with our business strategy.
We may not succeed in (i) redeveloping or acquiring real estate and real estate related companies; (ii) completing these activities
on time or within budget; and (iii) leasing or selling redeveloped or acquired properties at amounts sufficient to cover our costs. Competition in these activities could also significantly increase our costs. Difficulties in integrating acquisitions may prove
costly or time-consuming and could divert management’s attention. Acquisitions or redevelopments in new markets or industries
where we do not have the same level of market knowledge may result in weaker than anticipated performance. We may also abandon
acquisition or redevelopment opportunities that we have begun pursuing and consequently fail to recover expenses already incurred. Furthermore, we may be exposed to the liabilities of properties or companies acquired, some of which we may not be aware of at
the time of acquisition. From time to time, we may seek to
make one or more material acquisitions. The announcement of such a material acquisition may result in a rapid and significant decline
in the price of our common shares. We are continuously
looking at material transactions that we believe will maximize shareholder value. However, an announcement by us of one or more
significant acquisitions could result in a quick and significant decline in the price of our common shares. If we enter into joint ventures or
joint ownership of properties, our ability to control those joint ventures and partial interests may be limited. Instead of purchasing
properties directly, we may invest as a co-venturer. We may also choose to sell partial interests in certain properties to co-venturers.
Joint venturers may share control over the operations of the joint venture assets. The co-venturer in an investment might become
bankrupt, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, or be in
a position to take action contrary to our instructions, requests, policies, or objectives. Consequently, a co-venturer’s
actions might subject property owned by the joint venture to additional risk. Although we intend to seek to maintain sufficient
influence upon any joint venture to achieve its objectives, we may be unable to take action without our joint venture partners’
approval, or joint venture partners could take actions binding on the joint venture without our consent. Additionally, if a joint
venture partner were to become bankrupt, we could become liable for that partner’s share of joint venture liabilities. 7 Terrorism could impair our business. Terrorist attacks
and other acts of violence or war could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. Attacks that directly
affect one or more of our properties could significantly affect our ability to operate those properties and impair our ability
to achieve the results we expect. Our insurance coverage may not cover losses caused by a terrorist attack. In addition, the adverse
effects that such violent acts and threats of future attacks could have on the U.S. economy could similarly have a material adverse
effect on our business and results of operations. Risks Related to our Relationship
with our Manager Our Manager has limited experience
operating a public real estate company, and we cannot assure you that our Manager’s past experience will be sufficient to successfully
manage our business. Our Manager has
limited experience operating a public real estate company. We cannot assure you that our Manager will be able to operate our business
successfully or implement our operating policies and strategies. The results of our operations depend on several factors, including
the availability of opportunities for the acquisition of targeted assets, the level and volatility of interest rates, the availability
of adequate financing, conditions in the financial markets and general economic conditions. We are dependent on our Manager and
certain key personnel that are provided to us through our Manager and may not find a suitable replacement if our Manager terminates
the management agreement or such key personnel are no longer available to us. We do not have any
employees of our own, other than Charles S. Roberts, our Executive Vice President. Our other officers, other than our chief financial
officer, are employees of our Manager or one or more of its affiliates. We have no separate facilities and are completely reliant
on our Manager, which has significant discretion as to the implementation of our operating policies and execution of our business
strategies and risk management practices. We also depend on our Manager’s access to the professionals and principals of its affiliates.
The employees of our Manager’s affiliates identify, evaluate, negotiate, structure, close, and monitor our portfolio. The
departure of any of the senior officers of our Manager, or of a significant number of investment professionals or principals of
our Manager’s affiliates, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our objectives. We can offer no
assurance that our Manager will remain our manager or that we will continue to have access to our Manager’s senior management.
We are subject to the risk that our Manager will terminate the management agreement or that we may deem it necessary to terminate
the management agreement or prevent certain individuals from performing services for us and that no suitable replacement will be
found to manage us. Our chief financial
officer is employed by a third party consulting firm, FTI Consulting, Inc., with whom we have contracted for our chief financial
officer’s services. As an employee of FTI Consulting, Inc., our chief financial officer may have other professional commitments
that reduce the amount of time he can devote to us. Our Board of Directors has approved
very broad investment guidelines for our Manager and will not approve each decision made by our Manager to acquire, dispose of,
or otherwise manage an asset. 8 Our Manager is authorized
to follow very broad guidelines in pursuing our strategy. While our Board periodically reviews our guidelines and our portfolio
and asset-management decisions, it generally does not review all of our proposed acquisitions, dispositions, and other management
decisions. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our Board relies primarily on information provided to them by our Manager.
Our Manager has great latitude within the broad guidelines in determining the types of assets it may decide are proper for us to
acquire and other decisions with respect to the management of those assets. Poor decisions could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. The management agreement with our
Manager may be costly and difficult to terminate. Termination of our
management agreement without cause, including termination for poor performance or non-renewal, is subject to several conditions
which may make such a termination difficult and costly. The management agreement has a current term that expires on January
30, 2020, and will be automatically renewed for successive one-year terms thereafter unless notice of non-renewal is delivered
by either party to the other party at least 180 days prior to the expiration of the then current term. The management agreement
provides that it may be terminated by us based on performance upon the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our independent
directors based either upon unsatisfactory performance by our Manager that is materially detrimental to us or upon a determination
by the Board that the management fee payable to our Manager is not fair, subject to our Manager’s right to prevent such a termination
by accepting a mutually acceptable reduction of management fees. In the event we terminate the management agreement as discussed
above or elect not to renew the management agreement, we will be required to pay our Manager a termination fee equal to 4 times
the sum of (i) the average annual Base Management Fee, (ii) the average annual Incentive Fee, and (iii) the average annual Acquisition
Fees and Disposition Fees, in each case earned by the Manager in the most recently completed eight calendar quarters prior to the
Effective Termination Date (as defined in the management agreement). These provisions will increase the effective cost to us of
terminating the management agreement, thereby adversely affecting our ability to terminate our Manager without cause. Pursuant to the
management agreement, our Manager will not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder and
will not be responsible for any action of our Board in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Under the
terms of the management agreement, our Manager and its affiliates and their respective controlling persons, members, directors,
officers, employees, managers, owners and stockholders, will not be liable to us for acts or omissions performed in accordance
with and pursuant to the management agreement, except because of acts constituting bad faith, willful misconduct or gross negligence
of their duties under the management agreement. In addition, we will indemnify our Manager and its affiliates and their respective
controlling persons, members, directors, officers, employees, managers, owners and stockholders, with respect to all expenses,
losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims arising from acts of our Manager not constituting bad faith, willful
misconduct or gross negligence, performed in good faith in accordance with and pursuant to the management agreement. Our Manager’s failure to identify
and acquire assets that meet our investment criteria or perform its responsibilities under the management agreement could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to achieve
our objectives depends on our Manager’s ability to identify and acquire assets that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing
our objectives is largely a function of our Manager’s structuring of our investment process, our access to financing on acceptable
terms, and general market conditions. Our shareholders do not have input into our investment decisions. All of these factors increase
the uncertainty, and thus the risk, of investing in shares of our common stock. The senior management team of our Manager has substantial
responsibilities under the management agreement. In order to implement certain strategies, our Manager may need to hire, train,
supervise, and manage new employees successfully. Any failure to manage our future growth effectively could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 9 We may have conflicts of interest
with the Manager and its affiliates, which could result in investment decisions that are not in the best interests of our shareholders. Numerous conflicts
of interest may exist between our interests and the interests of A-III and the Manager, which is a subsidiary of A-III, including
conflicts arising out of the fee arrangements with the Manager pursuant to the management agreement that might induce the Manager
to make investment decisions that are not in our best interests. Examples of these potential conflicts of interest include: · some of the fees that we will be required to pay to the Manager for
its services, such as the base management fee, property management fees, and acquisition and disposition fees, will be payable
whether or not our shareholders receive distributions and in some cases whether or not we are profitable; and · because the incentive fee payable to the Manager will be payable
on a quarterly basis based on our adjusted net income (as defined in the Management Agreement), the Manager may have an incentive
to make investment decisions with a view towards generating short-term gains rather than focusing on creating long-term shareholder
value. Any of these and
other conflicts of interest between us and the Manager and its affiliates could have a material adverse effect on the returns on
our investments, our ability to make distributions to shareholders and the trading price of our common stock. 10 A-III owns a significant percentage
of our outstanding shares of common stock, which gives A-III the ability to exert significant influence over the Company in a manner
that may not be in the best interests of our other shareholders. A-III owns a significant
percentage of our outstanding shares of common stock, which will give A-III the ability to exert significant influence over the
Company, particularly with respect to matters that require the approval of our shareholders. Furthermore, this ability, together
with A-III’s rights under the Governance and Voting Agreement (as defined below), will give A-III significant influence over
the composition of our Board. To the extent that A-III’s interests are not aligned with the interests of our other shareholders,
A-III could use its influence to promote decisions regarding the Company that benefit A-III and its affiliates, but that may not
be in the best interests of our other shareholders. Tax Risks Our operating partnership may fail
to be treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. Management believes
that our operating partnership qualifies, and has qualified since its formation in 1994, as a partnership for federal income tax
purposes and not as a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation. We can provide no assurance; however, that the IRS
will not challenge the treatment of the operating partnership as a partnership for federal income tax purposes or that a court
would not sustain such a challenge. If the IRS were successful in treating the operating partnership as a corporation for federal
income tax purposes, then the taxable income of the operating partnership would be taxable at regular corporate income tax rates. Our ability to benefit from our net
operating loss carryforwards is likely to be severely limited by the A-III transaction. In prior years,
we have suffered losses, for tax and financial statement purposes, that generated significant federal and state net operating loss
carryforwards. Our ability to use the net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income is likely to be severely
limited under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code as a result of the ownership change we experienced upon closing the
recapitalization transaction with A-III. A redemption of units is taxable. Holders of units
in the operating partnership should keep in mind that redemption of units will be treated as a sale of units for federal income
tax purposes. The exchanging holder will generally recognize gain in an amount equal to the value of the common shares received,
plus the amount of liabilities of the operating partnership allocable to the units being redeemed, less the holder’s tax
basis in the units. It is possible that the amount of gain recognized or the resulting tax liability could exceed the value of
the shares received in the redemption. Environmental and Other Legal Risks We may have liability under environmental
laws. Under federal, state,
and local environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations, we may be required to investigate and clean up the effects of releases
of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at our properties, regardless of our knowledge or responsibility, simply
because of our current or past ownership or operation of the real estate. Therefore, we may have liability with respect to properties
we have already sold. If environmental problems arise, we may have to take extensive measures to remedy the problems, which could
adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay distributions to our investors because: 11 · we may have to pay for property damage and for investigation and
clean-up costs incurred in connection with the contamination; · the law typically imposes clean-up responsibility and liability regardless
of whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the contamination; · even if more than one person may be responsible for the contamination,
each person who shares legal liability under the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs; and · governmental entities or other third parties may sue the past or
present owners or operators of a contaminated site for damages and costs. These costs could
be substantial and in extreme cases could exceed the value of the contaminated property. The presence of hazardous or toxic substances
or petroleum products and the failure to remediate that contamination properly may materially and adversely affect our ability
to borrow against, sell, or lease an affected property. In addition, applicable environmental laws create liens on contaminated
sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with a contamination. We face risks in complying with Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Effective internal
control is necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reliable
financial reports or prevent fraud, we could be subject to regulatory action or other litigation, and our operating results could
be adversely affected. Since 2007, we have been required to document and test our internal control procedures to satisfy the requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which requires our management to assess annually the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting. During the course
of our testing, we may identify, and recently have identified as disclosed Part II, Item 9A, Control and Procedures, deficiencies
that we may not be able to remediate in a timely manner. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal accounting
controls, as those standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time, we may be unable to ensure that we can conclude
on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. As explained
in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures, we have in fact determined that our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of December 31, 2014. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause
us to face regulatory action and also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, either of which
could have an adverse effect on our stock price. Failure to comply with the Americans
with Disabilities Act or other similar laws could result in substantial costs. A number of federal,
state, and local laws and regulations (including the Americans with Disabilities Act) may require modifications to existing buildings
or restrict certain renovations by requiring improved access to such buildings by disabled persons and may require other structural
features that add to the cost of buildings under construction. Legislation or regulations adopted in the future may impose further
burdens or restrictions on us with respect to improved access for disabled persons. The costs of compliance with these laws and
regulations may be substantial, and restrictions on construction or completion of renovations may limit implementation of our strategy
in certain instances or reduce overall returns on our investments, which could have a material adverse effect on us and our ability
to pay distributions to investors and to pay our mortgage debt as required. 12 Risks for Investors in Our Stock We do not pay regular quarterly dividends,
and we have no current plans to resume paying dividends. We have not paid
a quarterly dividend since the third quarter of 2001, and we presently have no plans to pay a distribution or resume paying regular
quarterly dividends. The market price of our stock is
subject to fluctuation as a result of our operating results and changes in the stock market in general. The daily trading
volume of our common stock on the NYSE MKT exchange has historically been relatively light, and the market price may not reflect
the fair market value of our common stock (or our net asset value) at any particular moment. Prior sales data does not necessarily
indicate the prices at which our common stock would trade in a more active market. The market value of our common stock may or
may not reflect the market’s perception of our operating results, the potential for growth from acquisitions, the potential
for future cash dividends from property sales, and the real estate market value of our underlying assets. In addition, general
market conditions or market conditions of real estate companies in general could adversely affect the value of our common stock. 13 Additional issuances of equity securities
may dilute the investment of our current shareholders. Issuing additional
equity securities to finance future developments and acquisitions instead of incurring additional debt could dilute the interests
of our existing shareholders. Our ability to execute our business and growth plan depends on our access to an appropriate blend
of capital, which could include a line of credit and other forms of secured and unsecured debt, equity financing, or joint ventures. The post-closing adjustment provision
in the Stock Purchase Agreement may result in our issuance of additional shares of common stock to A-III and a reduced exercise
price for the warrants issuable to A-III, if it exercises the warrants. Under the Stock
Purchase Agreement, upon completion of the sale of all of the Company’s existing properties at the closing of the Stock Purchase
Agreement, we will be required to recalculate the closing date net asset value used to determine the purchase price per share for
the common stock that A-III purchased, substituting the actual net sale proceeds received by the Company (gross sale proceeds less
all actual selling costs) in selling the land parcels for the estimated net value of such parcels used to determine the Company’s
net asset value at closing and reflecting (a) any changes in the liabilities of the Company calculated in accordance with GAAP
that arose on or before the closing date (other than certain post-closing obligations of the Company that are required to be accrued
on or before the closing under GAAP accounting) that are discovered after the closing date and (b) the final costs associated with
certain matters described in the Stock Purchase Agreement. If the recalculated net asset value is lower than the estimated amount
used to calculate the purchase price per share at closing, then the purchase price per share will be adjusted accordingly. In that
case, the Company will issue to A-III, as a purchase price adjustment, an additional number of shares of common stock equal to
the difference between (x) $12.0 million divided by the adjusted purchase price per share and (y) the number of shares issued to
A-III at the closing. The exercise price of the warrants will also be reduced to be equal to the adjusted purchase price per share.
If the purchase price per share and warrant exercise price are reduced, the dilutive effects of the transaction described in the
first risk factor above will be magnified. Restrictions on changes of control
could prevent a beneficial takeover for investors. A number of the
provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws have or may have the effect of deterring a takeover of the company. In addition, our
articles of incorporation and bylaws have other provisions that have or may have the effect of deterring a takeover of the company,
including: · our classified Board, which may render more difficult a change in
control of the company or removal of incumbent management, because the term of office of only one-third of the directors expires
in a given year; · the ability of our Board to issue preferred stock; · provisions in the articles of incorporation to the effect that no
transaction of a fundamental nature, including mergers in which the company is not the survivor, share exchanges, consolidations,
or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the company, may be effectuated without the affirmative vote of at least three-quarters
of the votes entitled to vote generally in any such matter; · provisions in the articles of incorporation to the effect that they
may not be amended (except for certain limited matters) without the affirmative vote of at least three-quarters of the votes entitled
to be voted generally in the election of directors; 14 · provisions in the bylaws to the effect that they may be amended by
either the affirmative vote of three-quarters of all shares outstanding and entitled to vote generally in the election of the directors,
or the affirmative vote of a majority of the company’s directors then holding office, unless the shareholders prescribed
that any such bylaw may not be amended or repealed by the Board; · Georgia anti-takeover statutes under which the company may elect
to be protected; and · provisions to the effect that directors elected by the holders of
common stock may be removed only by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding at least 75% of all of the votes entitled to be
cast for the election of directors. ITEM 1B