 The following section includes the most significant factors that may adversely affect our business and operations. This is not an exhaustive list, and additional factors could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. This discussion of risk factors may include forward-looking statements. For cautions about relying on such forward-looking statements, please refer to the section entitled “Safe Harbor Statement under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995” at the beginning of this Annual Report on Form 10-K immediately prior to Item 1. Difficult market conditions have adversely affected our industry. Declines in the housing market over the past several years, with falling home prices and increasing foreclosures, unemployment and under-employment, have negatively impacted the credit performance of mortgage loans and resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial institutions, including government-sponsored entities as well as major commercial and investment banks. These write-downs have caused many financial institutions to seek additional capital, to merge with larger and stronger institutions and, in some cases, to fail. Reflecting concern about the stability of the financial markets generally and the strength of counterparties, many lenders and institutional investors significantly reduced or ceased providing funding to borrowers, including to other financial institutions. This market turmoil and tightening of credit have led to an increased level of commercial and consumer delinquencies, lack of consumer confidence, increased market volatility and widespread reduction of business activity generally. A renewed deterioration of these conditions would likely exacerbate the adverse effects of these difficult market conditions on the Company and others in the banking industry. In particular, the Company may face the following risks in connection with these events: ● The Company is facing increased regulation of the banking industry. Compliance with such regulation has increased costs and could limit the Company’s ability to pursue business opportunities. ● Market developments may again affect consumer confidence levels and may cause declines in credit card usage and adverse changes in payment patterns, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could impact charge-offs and provision for credit losses. ● The process the Company uses to estimate losses inherent in its credit exposure or estimate the value of certain assets requires difficult, subjective, and complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions and how these economic predictions might impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans or affect the value of assets. During uncertain economic times, these assessments are more difficult, and can impact the reliability of the process. ● The Company’s ability to borrow from other financial institutions could be adversely affected by further disruptions in the capital markets or other events. ● Competition in the banking industry has intensified as a result of the increasing consolidation of financial services companies in connection with current market conditions. The Company may have difficulty managing its growth which may divert resources and limit the Company’s ability to successfully expand its operations. The Company has grown since it began operations in March 2004. At December 31, 2014, the Company had $585.2 million in total assets, $435.3 million in net loans and $503.2 million in deposits. The Company’s future success will depend on the ability of its officers and key employees to continue to implement and improve its operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures, and manage a growing number of customer relationships. The Company’s future level of profitability will depend in part on its continued ability to grow; however, the Company may not be able to sustain its historical growth rate or even be able to grow at all, which would have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. 13 Table Of Contents If the Company cannot attract deposits, its growth may be inhibited. The Company plans to increase the level of its assets, including its loan portfolio. The Company’s ability to increase its assets depends in large part on its ability to attract additional deposits at competitive rates. The Company intends to seek additional deposits by continuing to establish and strengthen its personal relationships with its customers and by offering deposit products that are competitive with those offered by other financial institutions in its markets. The Company cannot ensure that these efforts will be successful. The Company’s inability to attract additional deposits at competitive rates could have a material and adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. The Company relies heavily on its senior management team and other employees, the loss of whom could significantly harm its business. The Company’s success depends heavily on the abilities and continued service of its executive officers, especially Alan I. Rothenberg, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Jason P. DiNapoli, President and Chief Operating Officer, Bradley S. Satenberg, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and J. Kevin Sampson, Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. These four individuals are integral to implementing the Company’s business plan. If the Company loses the services of any of these executive officers, the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, attracting suitable replacements may be difficult and may require significant management time and resources. The Company also relies to a significant degree on the abilities and continued service of our deposit generating, lending, administrative, operational, accounting and financial reporting, marketing and technical personnel. Competition for qualified employees in the banking industry is intense and there are a limited number of qualified persons with knowledge of, and experience in, the California independent banking industry. The process of recruiting personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out the Company’s strategies is often lengthy. If the Company fails to attract and retain the necessary deposit generating, lending, administrative, operational, accounting and financial reporting, marketing and technical personnel, the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price may be materially and adversely affected. If the Company’s underwriting practices are not effective, the Company may suffer losses in its loan portfolio and its results of operations may be affected. The Company seeks to mitigate the risks inherent in its loan portfolio by adhering to specific underwriting practices. Depending on the type of loan, these practices include analysis of a borrower’s prior credit history, financial statements, tax returns and cash flow projections, valuation of collateral based on reports of independent appraisers and verification of liquid assets. If the Company’s underwriting criteria prove to be ineffective, the Company may incur losses in its loan portfolio, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. A significant source of risk arises from the possibility that losses could be sustained because borrowers, guarantors and related parties fail to perform in accordance with the terms of their loans. The underwriting and credit monitoring policies and procedures that the Company has adopted to address this risk may not prevent unexpected losses that could have a material and adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, particularly during the slow recovery from the recent global economic downturn. Unexpected losses may arise for a wide variety of reasons, many of which are beyond the Company’s ability to predict, influence or control. Some of these reasons could include a continued slow recovery from the prolonged economic downturn in the State of California or the United States, a renewed decline in the state or national real estate market, wars and acts of terrorism, and natural disasters. 14 Table Of Contents If the Company’s allowance for loan losses is inadequate to cover actual losses, the Company’s financial results would be affected. Like all financial institutions, the Company maintains an allowance for loan losses to provide for loan defaults and non-performance. The Company’s allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan losses could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. The Company’s allowance for loan losses reflects the Company’s best estimate of the losses incurred in the existing loan portfolio at the relevant balance sheet date and is based on management’s evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio, which evaluation is based on historical loss experience, the loss experience of other financial institutions, and other significant factors. The determination of an appropriate level of loan loss allowance is an inherently difficult process and is based on numerous assumptions. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates that may be beyond the Company’s control, and these losses may exceed current estimates. While the Company believes that its allowance for loan losses is adequate to cover current losses, the Company cannot assure that it will not increase the allowance for loan losses further or that the allowance for loan losses will be adequate to cover current losses in any event. Future provisions for loan losses or losses in excess of the allowance for loan losses could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. See discussion of the Company’s nonperforming assets and allowance for loan losses in Part II, Item 7. “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Financial Condition .” Bank regulators may require the Company to increase its allowance for loan losses, which could have a negative effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Bank regulators, as an integral part of their respective supervisory functions, periodically review the Company’s allowance for loan losses. The bank regulators may require the Company to increase its allowance for loan losses through additional provisioning or to recognize further loan charge-offs based upon their judgments, which may be different from the Company’s. Any increase in the allowance for loan losses or further loan charge-offs required by bank regulators could have a material and adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. The Company’s lending limit may adversely affect the Company’s competitiveness. The Company’s regulatory lending limit as of December 31, 2014 to any one customer or related group of customers was approximately $9.8 million. The Company’s lending limit is substantially smaller than those of most financial institutions with which it competes and it may affect the Company’s ability to attract or maintain customers or to compete with other financial institutions. Moreover, to the extent that the Company incurs losses and does not obtain additional capital, the Company’s lending limit, which depends upon the amount of its capital, will decrease, which could have a material and adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. The Company faces strong competition from financial services companies and other companies that offer banking services, and its failure to compete effectively with these companies could have a material adverse affect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Within the Los Angeles metropolitan area, the Company faces intense competition for loans, deposits, and other financial products and services. Increased competition within the Company’s market may result in reduced loan originations and deposits. Ultimately, the Company may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Many competitors offer the types of loans and banking services that the Company offers. These competitors include national banks, regional banks and other independent banks. The Company also faces competition from many other types of financial institutions, including finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, mortgage banks and other financial intermediaries. In particular, the Company’s competitors include financial institutions whose greater resources may afford them a marketplace advantage by enabling them to maintain numerous banking locations and mount extensive promotional and advertising campaigns. Additionally, banks and other financial institutions with larger capitalization and financial intermediaries not subject to bank regulatory restrictions may have larger lending limits which would allow them to serve the credit needs of larger customers. These institutions, particularly to the extent they are more diversified than the Company, may be able to offer the same loan products and services the Company offers at more competitive rates and prices. 15 Table Of Contents The Company also faces competition from out-of-state financial intermediaries that have opened loan production offices or that solicit deposits in the Company’s market areas. If the Company is unable to attract and retain banking customers, it may be unable to continue its loan growth and level of deposits, and its business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price may be materially adversely affected. The Company relies on communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology from third-party service providers, and the Company may suffer an interruption in or break of those systems that may result in lost business and the Company may not be able to obtain substitute providers on terms that are as favorable if its relationships with its existing service providers are interrupted. The Company relies heavily on third-party service providers for much of its communications, information, operating and financial control systems technology, including customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, and servicing and loan origination systems. The Company cannot assure that failures or interruptions in these systems will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by it or the third parties on which the Company relies. The occurrence of any failures or interruptions could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. If any of the Company’s third-party service providers experience financial, operational or technological difficulties, or if there is any other disruption in the Company’s relationships with them, the Company may be required to locate alternative sources of such services, and the Company cannot assure that it could negotiate terms that are as favorable to the Company, or could obtain services with similar functionality as found in its existing systems without the need to expend substantial resources, if at all. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. The Company may experience certain risks in connection with its online banking services that could adversely affect its business. The Company’s business depends in part upon the use of the internet and online services as a medium for banking and commerce by customers. The Company’s inability to modify or adapt its infrastructure in a timely manner or the expenses incurred in making such adaptations could have a material and adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Additionally, any compromise in the secured transmission of confidential information over public networks could have a material and adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Changes in economic conditions, and in particular the State of California and the United States, could have a material and adverse effect on the Company’s business. The Company’s business is directly affected by factors such as economic, political and market conditions, broad trends in industry and finance, legislative and regulatory changes, changes in governmental monetary and fiscal policies and inflation, all of which are beyond the Company’s control. The Company is particularly susceptible to conditions and changes affecting the State of California and Southern California in particular in view of the concentration of its operations and collateral securing, and likely to secure its loan portfolio in Southern California. The deterioration in economic conditions, in California and Southern California in particular, may have the following consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price: ● Renewed increases in problem assets and foreclosures. ● Renewed increases in loan delinquencies. ● Decline in demand for loans and other products and services. ● Deposits may decrease. ● Collateral for loans made by the Company, especially real estate, may experience declines in value, in turn reducing customers’ borrowing power or capacity to repay, and reducing the value of assets and collateral associated with the Company’s existing loans. In addition, because the Company makes loans to small to medium-sized businesses, many of the Company’s customers may be particularly susceptible to the slow recovery from the recession and may be unable to make scheduled principal or interest payments during similar periods of recession. 16 Table Of Contents The Company i s s ubject t o e xtensive g overnment r egulation and s upervision The Company is subject to extensive federal and state regulation and supervision. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors' funds, the DIF, and the banking system as a whole, not stockholders. These regulations affect the Company's lending practices, capital structure, investment practices and growth. Congress and federal regulatory agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and policies for possible changes. The Dodd-Frank Act, enacted in July 2010, instituted major changes to the banking and financial institutions regulatory regimes in light of the performance of and government intervention in the financial services sector. Other changes to statutes, regulations or regulatory policies, including changes in interpretation or implementation of statutes, regulations or policies, could affect the Company in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could subject the Company to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products the Company may offer and/or increase the ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products, among other things. Failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in sanctions by regulatory agencies, civil money penalties and/or reputation damage, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Many of the Company’s loans are secured by real estate, and an additional downturn in the real estate market could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. A renewed downturn in the real estate market may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business because many of the Company’s loans are secured by real estate. At December 31, 2014, approximately 83.5% of the Company’s total loans were secured by real estate. Real estate values and real estate markets are generally affected by changes in national, regional or local economic conditions, fluctuations in interest rates, the availability of loans to potential purchasers, changes in tax laws and other laws, regulations and policies and war and acts of terrorism. In addition, real estate values in California could be affected by, among other things, earthquakes, droughts, wildfires, floods, mudslides and other national disasters particular to the state. When real estate prices decline, the value of real estate collateral securing the Company’s loans is reduced. As a result, the Company may experience greater charge-offs and, similarly, its ability to recover on defaulted loans by foreclosing and selling the real estate collateral may be diminished and as a result the Company is more likely to suffer losses on defaulted loans, which would have a material and adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Our real estate lending also exposes us to the risk of environmental liabilities. In the course of our business, we may foreclose and take title to real estate, and could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. We may be held liable to a governmental entity or to third persons for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental contamination, or we may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. If we ever become subject to significant environmental liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may not have adequate remedies against prior owners or other responsible parties or could find it difficult or impossible to sell the affected properties, which could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. A natural disaster or recurring energy shortage, especially in California, could harm the Company’s business. Historically, Southern California has been vulnerable to natural disasters. Therefore, the Company is susceptible to the risks of natural disasters, such as earthquakes, droughts, wildfires, floods and mudslides. Natural disasters could harm the Company’s operations directly through interference with communications, as well as through the destruction of facilities and its operational, financial and management information systems. Uninsured or underinsured disasters may reduce a borrower’s ability to repay mortgage loans. Disasters may also reduce the value of the real estate securing the Company’s loans, impairing its ability to recover on defaulted loans. Southern California has also experienced energy shortages which, if they recur, could impair the value of the real estate in those areas affected. The occurrence of natural disasters or energy shortages in Southern California could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. The Company’s operations are concentrated in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. The Company’s loan and deposit activities are largely based in the Los Angeles metropolitan area. As a result, the Company’s financial performance will depend largely upon economic conditions in this area. Adverse local economic conditions have caused and in the future may cause the Company to experience an increase in loan delinquencies, an increase in the number of borrowers who default on their loans and a reduction in the value of the collateral securing their loans, all of which could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. 17 Table Of Contents The Co mpany i s s ubject t o i nterest r ate r isk . The Company’s earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon its net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the Company’s control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Open Market Committee. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest the Company receives on loans and securities and the amount of interest it pays on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) the Company’s ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, (ii) the fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities, and (iii) the average duration of the Company’s mortgage-backed securities portfolio. If the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, the Company’s net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be materially and adversely affected. Earnings could also be materially and adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings. Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. See discussion of the Company’s net interest income in Part II, Item 7. “ Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Results of Operations.” The Company may be materially and adversely affected by the soundness of other financial institutions. Financial institutions are inter-related as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. In the normal course of business, the Company executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers and correspondent banks. These transactions expose the Company to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty. On a quarterly basis, the Company reviews the counterparties’ financial information, such as SEC filings, Call Reports and press releases, as well as any announcements made by appropriate industry regulators and government agencies, to monitor the counterparties’ financial stability and/or any regulatory disciplinary actions imposed on such counterparties. At December 31, 2014, the Company did not have any unsecured federal funds sold with any correspondent banks. However, no assurance can be given that the Company will not be materially and adversely affected as a result of a negative occurrence, such as a default, at one of the financial institutions with which the Company transacts business. The Co mpany i s s ubject t o l iquidity r isk . The Company requires liquidity to meet its deposit and debt obligations as they come due. The Company’s access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance its activities or on terms that are acceptable to it could be impaired by factors that affect it specifically or the financial services industry or economy generally. Factors that could reduce its access to liquidity sources include a downturn in the California economy, difficult credit markets or adverse regulatory actions against the Company. The Company’s access to deposits may also be affected by the liquidity needs of its depositors. In particular, a substantial majority of the Company’s liabilities are demand, savings, interest checking and money market deposits, which are payable on demand or upon several days’ notice, while by comparison, a substantial portion of its assets are loans, which cannot be called or sold in the same time frame. The Company may not be able to replace maturing deposits and advances as necessary in the future, especially if a large number of its depositors sought to withdraw their accounts, regardless of the reason. A failure to maintain adequate liquidity could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. The Company may need to raise additional capital in the future, and such capital may not be available when needed or at all. The Company may need to raise additional capital in the future to meet pending proposed changes in the minimum capital requirements for banks or to provide it with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet its commitments and business needs, particularly if its asset quality or earnings were to deteriorate. The Company’s ability to raise additional capital, if needed, will depend on, among other things, conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside of its control, and its financial performance. Economic conditions and the loss of confidence in financial institutions may increase the Company’s cost of funding and limit access to certain customary sources of capital, including inter-bank borrowings, repurchase agreements and borrowings from the FHLB. 18 Table Of Contents The Company cannot assure that such capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. Any occurrence that may limit the Company’s access to the capital markets, such as a decline in the confidence of debt purchasers, depositors of the Bank or counterparties participating in the capital markets may adversely affect the Company’s capital costs and its ability to raise capital and, in turn, its liquidity. Moreover, if the Company needs to raise capital in the future, it may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital and would have to compete with those institutions for investors. An inability to raise additional capital on acceptable terms when needed could have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and stock price. Item 1B