 The risks and uncertainties
described below are those specific to the Company which we currently believe have the potential to be material, but they may
not be the only ones we face. If any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that we have not yet
identified or that we currently consider not to be material, actually occur or become material risks, our business,
prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Investors
are advised to consider these factors along with the other information included in this Annual Report and to review any
additonal risks discussed in our filings with the SEC. 10 Risks Associated with Our Business We are a newly formed development
stage company with no operating history and, accordingly, you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business
objective. Since we lack an operating history, you
have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective, which is to complete our initial Business Combination
with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning
a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our Business Combination. If we fail to complete our Business Combination,
we will never generate any operating revenues. If we are unable to consummate our
initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may be forced to wait more than 24 months before receiving distributions
from the Trust Account. We will have until 18 months from the closing
of our Offering (or 24 months from the closing of our Offering if we have executed a letter of intent or definitive agreement for
an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our Offering but have not completed the initial Business Combination
within such 18-month period) to consummate our initial Business Combination. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to such date unless we consummate our initial Business Combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have
sought to convert their shares. Only after the expiration of this full time period will holders of our common stock be entitled
to distributions from the Trust Account if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, investors’
funds may be unavailable to them until after such date and to liquidate your investment, public security holders may be forced
to sell their public shares, potentially at a loss. You will not be entitled to protections
normally afforded to investors of blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of
our Offering are intended to be used to complete our initial Business Combination with a target business that has not
been identified, we may be deemed to be a “blank check” company under the United States securities laws.
However, since we have net tangible assets in excess of $5,000,001 and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an
audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the
benefits or protections of those rules which would, for example, completely restrict the transferability of our securities,
require us to complete our initial Business Combination within 18 months of the effective date of the initial registration
statement and restrict the use of interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account. Because we are not subject to Rule
419, our Units became immediately tradable, we are entitled to withdraw certain amounts from the funds held in the Trust
Account prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination and we have a longer period of time to complete such
a Business Combination than we would if we were subject to Rule 419. 11 If we determine to change our acquisition
criteria or guidelines, many of the disclosures contained in this Annual Report regarding our acquisition criteria or guidelines
would no longer apply. We could seek to deviate from the
acquisition criteria or guidelines disclosed in this Annual Report although we have no current intention to do so. For
instance, as required by Nasdaq, we currently anticipate structuring a Business Combination with one or more target
businesses having an aggregate fair market value that is at least equal to 80% of the value of the Trust Account (excluding
any deferred underwriter’s fees and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the
execution of a letter of intent or definitive agreement for a Business Combination. However, we could be delisted from Nasdaq
and therefore no longer be required to meet this requirement. Furthermore, there are numerous agreements between us and our
affiliates that could be amended between the parties without approval of public stockholders. In such event, many of the
acquisition criteria and guidelines set forth in this Annual Report (such as the voting, transfer and liquidation
restrictions agreed to by the holders of the Insider Shares described in the prospectus associated with our initial public offering,
the indemnification obligations of Kingsway and FMG described below and the obligations of Kingsway and FMG to pay the cost
of liquidation if the funds held outside the Trust Account are insufficient for such purposes) may no longer apply. If we deviate from the acquisition
criteria or guidelines set forth in this Annual Report, holders of our securities may have rescission rights or may bring an action
for damages against us or we could be subject to civil or criminal actions taken by governmental authorities. If we were to elect to deviate
from the acquisition criteria or guidelines set forth in this Annual Report or in the prospectus associated with our initial public offering, each person who purchased Units in our Offering and still held such securities upon
learning of the facts relating to the deviation may seek rescission of the purchase of the Units he or she acquired in the
offering (under which a successful claimant has the right to receive the total amount paid for his or her securities, plus
interest and less any income earned on the securities, in exchange for surrender of the securities) or bring an action for
damages against us (compensation for loss on an investment caused by alleged material misrepresentations or omissions in the
sale of a security). In such event, we could also be subject to civil or criminal actions taken by governmental authorities.
For instance, the SEC can seek injunctions under Section 20(b) of the Securities Act if it believes a violation under the
Securities Act has occurred or is imminent. The SEC can also seek civil penalties under Sections 20(d) and 24 if a party has
violated the Securities Act or an injunctive action taken by the SEC or if a party willfully, in a registration statement
filed under the Securities Act, makes any untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state any material fact required to
be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading. Furthermore, Section 20 allows the SEC to refer
matters to the attorney general to bring criminal penalties against an issuer. 12 We may issue shares of our capital
stock to complete our initial Business Combination, which would reduce the equity interest of our stockholders and likely cause
a change in control of our ownership. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation currently authorizes the issuance of up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share,
and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.0001 per share. Although we have no commitment as of the date of
this Annual Report, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock or shares of preferred stock, or
a combination of common stock and preferred stock, to complete our initial Business Combination. The issuance of
additional shares of common stock or preferred stock: • May significantly reduce the equity interest of investors in our securities; • may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; • may cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and • may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our shares of common stock. We may issue notes or other debt
securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and
financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders’ investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the
date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to
incur substantial debt to complete our Business Combination. However, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects,
including: • default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after our initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; • acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; • our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; • our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; and • limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. The funds held in the Trust Account
may not earn significant interest and, as a result, we may be limited to the funds held outside of the Trust Account to fund our
search for target businesses, to pay our tax obligations and to complete our initial Business Combination. 13 We depend on sufficient interest being
earned on the proceeds held in the Trust Account to provide us with additional working capital we may need to identify one or more
target businesses and to complete our initial Business Combination, as well as to pay any tax obligations that we may owe. Interest
rates on permissible investments for us have been less than 1% over the last several years. Accordingly, if we do not earn a sufficient
amount of interest on the funds held in the Trust Account and use all of the funds held outside of the Trust Account, we may not
have sufficient funds available with which to structure, negotiate or close our initial Business Combination. In such event, we
would need to borrow funds from our insiders, officers or directors to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Our insiders, officers
and directors are under no obligation to loan us any funds. If we are unable to obtain the funds necessary, we may be forced to
cease searching for a target business and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. We may not have sufficient working capital to cover
our operating expenses. Following the consummation of the Offering and after paying offering related expenses, the amounts
available to us to pay our operating expenses have consisted primarily of the approximately $575,000 initially held outside of
the Trust Account and any interest earned on the funds in the Trust Account remaining after interest is released to pay our income
or other tax obligations. Additionally, we may delay payment of the $10,000 monthly fee payable to 1347 Capital LLC upon a determination
by our audit committee that we lack sufficient funds held outside the trust to pay actual or anticipated expenses in connection
with our initial business combination, with any such unpaid amount accruing without interest and becoming due and payable no later
than the date of the consummation of our initial business combination. However, the amounts available to us, even if we cease
paying the $10,000 monthly fee to 1347 Capital LLC, may not be sufficient to fund our operating expenses. In such event, we would
need to borrow funds from our insiders, officers or directors or from third parties to continue to operate. However, our insiders,
officers and directors and third parties are under no obligation to loan us any funds. If we are unable to obtain the necessary
funds, we may be forced to cease searching for a target business and liquidate without completing our initial Business Combination. Reimbursement of
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by our insiders, officers, directors or any of their affiliates in connection with certain
activities on our behalf, such as identifying and investigating possible business targets for a Business Combination, could
reduce the funds available to us to consummate a Business Combination. In addition, an indemnification claim by one or more
of our officers and directors in the event that any of them are sued in their capacity as an officer or director could also
reduce the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account. We reimburse our insiders, officers,
directors or any of their affiliates for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with certain activities on our behalf,
such as identifying and investigating possible business targets for a Business Combination. There is no limit on the amount
of out-of-pocket expenses reimbursable by us; provided, that, to the extent such expenses exceed the available proceeds not
deposited in the Trust Account and the interest income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account that may be released
to us, such expenses would not be reimbursed by us unless we consummate an initial Business Combination. In addition,
pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law, we may be required to indemnify our
officers and directors in the event that any of them are sued in their capacity as an officer or director. We have also
entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the
indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and under Delaware law. In the event
that we reimburse our insiders, officers, directors or any of their affiliates for out-of-pocket expenses prior to the
consummation of a Business Combination or are required to indemnify any of our officers or directors pursuant to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, Delaware law, or the indemnity agreements that we have entered into with them, we
would use funds available to us outside of the Trust Account or interest released to us from the Trust Account for
our working capital requirements. Any reduction in the funds available to us could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to locate and investigate prospective target businesses and to structure, negotiate, conduct due diligence in
connection with or consummate our initial Business Combination. 14 If third parties bring claims against
us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption price received by stockholders may be
less than approximately $10.00. Our placing of funds in the Trust Account
may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors and service providers
we engage and prospective target businesses we negotiate with execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or
claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of our public stockholders, they may not execute
such agreements. Furthermore, even if such entities execute such agreements with us, they may seek recourse against the Trust Account.
A court may not uphold the validity of such agreements. Accordingly, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to
claims which could take priority over those of our public stockholders. If we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination
within the required time period, Kingsway and FMG have agreed that they will be jointly and severally liable to ensure that the
proceeds in the Trust Account are not reduced by the claims of target businesses or claims of vendors or other entities that are
owed money by us for services rendered or contracted for or products sold to us, but only if such a vendor or prospective target
business does not execute such a waiver. However, Kingsway and FMG may not be able to meet such obligation as we have not required
Kingsway and FMG to retain any assets to provide for their indemnification obligations, nor have we taken any further steps to
ensure that Kingsway and FMG will be able to satisfy any indemnification obligations that arise. Moreover, Kingsway and FMG will
not be liable to our public stockholders if they should fail to satisfy their obligations under this agreement and instead will
only be liable to us. Therefore, the per share redemption or conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than
approximately $10.00 due to such claims. Additionally, if we are forced to file
a bankruptcy case or an involuntary bankruptcy case is filed against us which is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust
Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of
third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account,
the per share redemption or conversion amount received by public stockholders may be less than $10.00. Our stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them. If we have not completed our initial Business
Combination within 18 months from the closing of our Offering (or 24 months from the closing of our Offering if we have entered
into a letter of intent or definitive agreement with a target business for a Business Combination within 18 months from the closing
of our Offering but the Business Combination has not been consummated within such 18-month period), we will (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
100% of the outstanding public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the Trust Account which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders’ rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining holders of common stock and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii)
above) to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. We
may not properly assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable
for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well
beyond the third anniversary of the date of distribution. Accordingly, third parties may seek to recover from our stockholders
amounts owed to them by us. 15 If, after we distribute the proceeds
in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be
viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us
to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy
laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy court
could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached
its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages,
by paying public stockholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds
in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and
the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in
the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against
us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent
any bankruptcy claims deplete the Trust Account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection
with our liquidation may be reduced. Unlike other blank check companies,
our Units are comprised of common stock, warrants to purchase one-half of one share of our common stock and rights, rather than
units comprised of common stock and warrants to purchase one share of our common stock. Unlike other blank check companies that
sell units comprised of shares of common stock and warrants to purchase one share of our common stock in their initial public offerings,
we issued Units comprised of shares of common stock, warrants to purchase one-half of one share of our common stock and rights
automatically entitling the holder to receive one-tenth of a share of common stock upon consummation of our initial Business Combination.
Neither the rights nor the warrants will have any voting rights and each will expire and be worthless if we do not consummate an
initial Business Combination. Furthermore, no fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the warrants. As a result, unless
you acquire at least two warrants, you will not be able to receive a share of common stock upon exercise of your warrants. Accordingly,
investors in our Offering were not issued as many shares as part of their investment as they may have in other blank check company
offerings, which may have the effect of limiting the potential upside value of your investment in our company. 16 Holders of rights and warrants
will not have redemption rights if we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period. If we are unable to complete
an initial Business Combination within the required time period and we redeem our outstanding public shares using the funds
held in the Trust Account, the rights and warrants will expire and holders thereof will not receive any of such proceeds with
respect to such rights and warrants, respectively. Since we have not yet selected
a particular industry or target business with which to complete our initial Business Combination, we are unable to currently ascertain
the merits or risks of the industry or business in which we may ultimately operate. Although we intend to focus our search
on target businesses operating in or providing services to the insurance industry, we may consummate our initial Business Combination
with a target business in any industry we choose and are not limited to any particular industry or type of business. Accordingly,
there is no current basis for you to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the particular industry in which we may ultimately
operate or the target business which we may ultimately consummate our initial Business Combination. To the extent we complete our
initial Business Combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its development stage, we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in the business operations of those entities. If we complete our initial Business Combination with an entity in
an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry.
We may not properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. An investment in our shares may not ultimately prove
to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a target business. The requirement that our initial
Business Combination occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least 80% of the
value of the Trust Account at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination may limit
the type and number of companies that we may complete such a Business Combination with. Pursuant to the Nasdaq listing rules, our
initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses having an aggregate fair market value equal to at least
80% of the value of the Trust Account (excluding any deferred underwriter’s fees and taxes payable on the income earned on
the Trust Account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial Business Combination. This restriction
may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a Business Combination with. If we are unable to locate a target
business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to
receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the Trust Account. 17 Our management may not be able
to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of
control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate
such business. We may structure our initial Business Combination
such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100% of such interests or assets of the target business in order
to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business
Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or
otherwise owns or acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50% or more of the voting securities
of the target, our stockholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction
company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination transaction. For example, we could pursue
a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target.
In this case, we would acquire a 100% controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial
number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of
our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently
combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company’s stock than we initially
acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target
business. Our ability to successfully effect
our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel,
some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage
after our initial Business Combination, our assessment of these individuals may not prove to be correct. Our ability to successfully effect our
initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued
service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial Business Combination. None of our officers are required
to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities,
including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. If our officers’ and directors’
other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to their other business activities, it could limit
their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial Business
Combination. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers.
The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. 18 The role of our key personnel after our
initial Business Combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management
or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the
target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which
could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Our officers and directors may
not have significant experience or knowledge regarding the jurisdiction or industry of the target business we may seek to consummate
our initial Business Combination with. We may consummate a business combination
with a target business in any geographic location or industry we choose. Our officers and directors may not have enough experience
or sufficient knowledge relating to the jurisdiction of the target or its industry to make an informed decision regarding our initial
Business Combination. Our key personnel may negotiate
employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination. These agreements
may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have
conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain
with the company after the completion of our Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements
in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business
Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for
services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of such
individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Members of our management team
may have affiliations with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and accordingly,
may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Members of our management team may have
affiliations with companies, including companies that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted
by us. Accordingly, they may participate in transactions and have obligations that may be in conflict or competition with our consummation
of our initial Business Combination. As a result, a potential target business may be presented by our management team to another
entity prior to its presentation to us and we may not be afforded the opportunity to engage in a transaction with such target business. 19 We may engage in a Business Combination
with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our executive officers, directors
or insiders, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our insiders,
officers, and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our insiders, officers,
and directors. Our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities,
we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a Business Combination, such
transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested and independent directors (if we have any at that time), and we obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that the Business Combination is fair to our unaffiliated stockholders from
a financial point of view. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm regarding the
fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses
affiliated with our officers, directors or insiders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms
of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. The shares beneficially owned by
our insiders, officers and directors will not participate in a redemption and, therefore, our insiders, officers and directors
may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. Our insiders, officers and directors have
waived their right to convert their Insider Shares, Private Units, $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants, or to redemption rights
with respect to their Insider Shares, Private Units or $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants upon a redemption if we are unable to
consummate our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, these securities will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial
Business Combination. Any rights and warrants they hold, like those held by the public, will also be worthless if we do not consummate
an initial Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation
in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business Combination. Consequently, our directors’
and officers’ discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when
determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’
best interest. If we are unable to consummate a
Business Combination, any loans made by our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates would not be repaid, resulting in
a potential conflict of interest in determining whether a potential transaction is in our stockholders’ best interest. 20 In order to meet our working capital needs
our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any
time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. The loans would be non-interest bearing and would be payable
at the consummation of a Business Combination. If we fail to consummate a Business Combination within the required time period,
the loans would not be repaid. Consequently, our directors and officers may have a conflict of interest in determining whether
the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our stockholders’ best interest. Nasdaq may delist our securities
from quotation on its exchange which could limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us
to additional trading restrictions. Our securities are currently listed
on Nasdaq. Although we expect to meet the listing standards of Nasdaq, we cannot assure you
that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial Business Combination. In order
to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial,
distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders’ equity (generally
$2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). We cannot assure you that
we will be able to continue to meet those Nasdaq’s listing requirements. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading
on its exchange, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: • a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; • reduced liquidity with respect to our securities; • a determination that our shares are a “penny stock,” which will require brokers trading in our shares to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our shares; • a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for our company; and • a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. We may only be able to complete one
Business Combination with the proceeds of our Offering, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may
have a limited number of products or services. It is likely we will consummate our initial
Business Combination with a single target business, although we have the ability to simultaneously consummate our initial Business
Combination with several target businesses. By consummating a Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations
or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to
complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects
for our success may be: 21 • solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, or • dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject
us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon
the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. Alternatively, if we determine to simultaneously
consummate our initial Business Combination with several businesses and such businesses are owned by different sellers, we will
need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other
Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete the Business Combination. With
multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible
multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with
the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the target companies in a single operating business.
If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise their conversion rights may not allow us to effectuate the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital
structure. If our initial Business Combination requires
us to use substantially all of our cash to pay the purchase price, because we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise
conversion rights, we may either need to reserve part of the Trust Account for possible payment upon such conversion, or we may
need to arrange third party financing to help fund our initial Business Combination. In the event that the Business Combination
involves the issuance of our stock as consideration, we may be required to issue a higher percentage of our stock to make up for
a shortfall in funds. Raising additional funds to cover any shortfall may involve dilutive equity financing or incurring indebtedness
at higher than desirable levels. This may limit our ability to effectuate the most attractive Business Combination available to
us. We may be unable to consummate an
initial Business Combination if a target business requires that we have a certain amount of cash at closing, in which case public
stockholders may have to remain stockholders of our company and wait until our redemption of the public shares to receive a pro
rata share of the Trust Account or attempt to sell their shares in the open market. A potential target may make it a closing
condition to our initial Business Combination that we have a certain amount of cash in excess of the $5,000,001 of net tangible
assets we are required to have pursuant to our organizational documents available at the time of closing. If the number of our
public stockholders electing to exercise their conversion rights has the effect of reducing the amount of money available to us
to consummate an initial Business Combination below such minimum amount required by the target business and we are not able to
locate an alternative source of funding, we will not be able to consummate such initial Business Combination and we may not be
able to locate another suitable target within the applicable time period, if at all. In that case, public stockholders may have
to remain stockholders of our company and wait the full 24 months in order to be able to receive a portion of the Trust Account,
or attempt to sell their shares in the open market prior to such time, in which case they may receive less than they would have
in a liquidation of the Trust Account. 22 We will offer each public stockholder
the option to vote in favor of the proposed Business Combination and still seek conversion of his, her or its shares. In connection with any meeting held to
approve an initial Business Combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our sponsors, officers or directors) the
right to have his, her or its shares of common stock converted to cash regardless of whether such stockholder votes for or against
such proposed Business Combination; provided that a stockholder must in fact vote for or against a proposed Business Combination
in order to have his, her or its shares of common stock converted to cash. If a stockholder fails to vote for or against a proposed
Business Combination, that stockholder would not be able to have his shares of common stock so converted. We will consummate our
initial Business Combination only if public stockholders do not exercise conversion rights in an amount that would cause our net
tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001 and a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of
the Business Combination. Accordingly, public stockholders owning 4,099,999 shares of common stock sold in our Offering may exercise
their conversion rights and we could still consummate a proposed Business Combination so long as a majority of shares voted at
the meeting are voted in favor of the proposed Business Combination. This is different than other similarly structured blank check
companies where stockholders are offered the right to convert their shares only when they vote against a proposed Business Combination.
This threshold and the ability to seek conversion while voting in favor of a proposed Business Combination may make it more likely
that we will consummate our initial Business Combination. A public stockholder that fails
to vote either in favor of or against a proposed Business Combination will not be able to have his or her shares converted to cash. In order for a public stockholder to have
his or her shares converted to cash in connection with any proposed Business Combination, that public stockholder must vote either
in favor of or against a proposed Business Combination. If a public stockholder fails to vote in favor of or against a proposed
Business Combination, whether that stockholder abstains from the vote or simply does not vote, that stockholder would not be able
to have his or her shares of common stock so converted to cash in connection with such Business Combination. Public stockholders, together with
any affiliates of theirs or any other person with whom they are acting in concert or as a “group,” will be restricted
from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than 20% of the shares of common stock sold in our Offering. 23 In connection with any meeting held to
approve an initial Business Combination, we will offer each public stockholder (but not our insiders, officers or directors) the
right to have his, her, or its shares of common stock converted into cash. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a public stockholder,
together with any affiliate of his or hers, or any other person with whom he or she is acting in concert or as a “group”
will be restricted from seeking conversion rights with respect to more than 20% of the shares of common stock sold in our Offering.
Generally, in this context, a stockholder will be deemed to be acting in concert or as a group with another stockholder when such
stockholders agree to act together for the purpose of acquiring, voting, holding or disposing of our equity securities. Accordingly,
if you purchase more than 20% of the shares of common stock sold in our Offering and our proposed Business Combination is approved,
you will not be able to seek conversion rights with respect to the full amount of your shares and may be forced to hold such additional
shares of common stock or sell them in the open market. The value of such additional shares may not appreciate over time following
our initial Business Combination, and the market price of our shares of common stock may not exceed the per-share conversion price. We may require public stockholders
who wish to convert their shares of common stock in connection with a proposed business combination to comply with specific requirements
for conversion that may make it more difficult for them to exercise their conversion rights prior to the deadline for exercising
their rights. In connection with any stockholder meeting
called to approve a proposed initial Business Combination, each public stockholder will have the right, regardless of whether he
or she is voting for or against such proposed Business Combination, to demand that we convert his or her shares of common stock
into a share of the Trust Account. We may require public stockholders seeking to convert their shares, whether they are a record
holder or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent or to deliver
their shares to the transfer agent electronically using Depository Trust Company’s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian)
System, at the holder’s option, at least two business days prior to the vote on the initial Business Combination. In order
to obtain a physical stock certificate, a stockholder’s broker and/or clearing broker, DTC and our transfer agent will need
to act to facilitate this request. It is our understanding that stockholders should generally allot at least two weeks to obtain
physical certificates from the transfer agent. However, because we do not have any control over this process or over the brokers
or DTC, it may take significantly longer than two weeks to obtain a physical stock certificate. While we have been advised that
it takes a short time to deliver shares through the DWAC System, this may not be the case. Under Delaware law and our bylaws, we
are required to provide at least 10 days advance notice of any stockholder meeting, which would be the minimum amount of time a
public stockholder would have to determine whether to exercise conversion rights. Accordingly, if it takes longer than we anticipate
for stockholders to deliver their shares, stockholders who wish to convert may be unable to meet the deadline for exercising their
conversion rights and thus may be unable to convert their shares. 24 If we require public stockholders who wish to convert
their shares of common stock to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above for conversion, such converting stockholders
may be unable to sell their securities when they wish to in the event that the proposed Business Combination is not approved. If we require public stockholders who wish
to convert their shares of common stock to comply with the delivery requirements discussed above for conversion and such proposed
Business Combination is not consummated, we will promptly return such certificates to the tendering public stockholders. Accordingly,
investors who attempted to convert their shares in such a circumstance will be unable to sell their securities after the failed
Business Combination until we have returned their securities to them. The market price for our shares of common stock may decline
during this time and you may not be able to sell your securities when you wish to, even while other stockholders that did not seek
conversion may be able to sell their securities. Because of our structure, other
companies may have a competitive advantage and we may not be able to consummate an attractive Business Combination. We expect to encounter intense competition
from entities other than blank check companies having a business objective similar to ours, including venture capital funds, leveraged
buyout funds and operating businesses competing for acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience in identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through affiliates. Many of these competitors possess
greater technical, human and other resources than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted
with those of many of these competitors. Therefore, our ability to compete in consummating our initial Business Combination with
certain sizable target businesses may be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives
others an advantage in pursuing a Business Combination with certain target businesses. Furthermore, seeking stockholder approval
of our initial Business Combination may delay the consummation of a transaction. Additionally, our rights and warrants, and the
future dilution they represent (entitling the holders to receive shares of our common stock on exercise of the warrants or, with
respect to the rights, on consummation of our initial Business Combination), may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses.
Any of the foregoing may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial Business Combination. Our ability to consummate an attractive
Business Combination may be impacted by the market for initial public offerings. Our efforts to identify a prospective target
business will not be limited to any particular industry or geographic region, although it is very likely that our target will be
a company or companies operating in or providing services to the insurance industry and will want to be a public reporting company.
If the market for initial public offerings is limited, we believe there will be a greater number of attractive target businesses
open to consummating an initial Business Combination with us as a means to achieve publicly held status. Alternatively, if the
market for initial public offerings is robust, we believe that there will be fewer attractive target businesses amenable to consummating
an initial Business Combination with us to become a public reporting company. Accordingly, during periods with strong public offering
markets, it may be more difficult for us to complete an initial Business Combination. 25 We may be unable to obtain additional
financing, if required, to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of the target business,
which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds
of our Offering will be sufficient to allow us to consummate a Business Combination, because we have not yet finalized any prospective
target business, the capital requirements for any particular transaction remain to be determined. If the net proceeds of our Offering
prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of the Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in
search of a target business, or the obligation to convert into cash a significant number of shares of common stock, we will be
required to seek additional financing. Such financing may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional
financing proves to be unavailable when needed to consummate a particular Business Combination, we would be compelled to either
restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate.
In addition, if we consummate a Business Combination, we may require additional financing to fund the operations or growth of the
target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or
growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection
with or after our initial Business Combination. Our insiders, officers and directors,
will control a substantial interest in us and thus may influence certain actions requiring a stockholder vote. Our insiders, officers
and directors, collectively own 22.7% of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. None of our insiders, officers, directors
or their affiliates has indicated to us any intention to purchase shares from persons in the open market or in private transactions.
However, our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates could determine in the future to make such purchases in the open
market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law, in order to influence the vote. In connection with any vote
for a proposed Business Combination, our insiders, officers and directors have agreed to vote the shares of common stock owned
by them immediately before our Offering as well as the private shares and any shares of common stock acquired in our Offering or
in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed Business Combination. Our board of directors is
divided into three classes, each of which serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected at
each annual meeting of stockholders. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new
directors prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will
continue in office until at least the consummation of the Business Combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise
your voting rights under corporate law for up to 24 months. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our
“staggered” board of directors, fewer than half of the board of directors will be considered for election and our
insiders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our
insiders will continue to exert control at least until the consummation of our initial Business Combination. 26 We may not hold an annual meeting
of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance
requirements, we are required to hold an annual meeting within one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing
on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the Delaware General Corporation Law, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of
stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent
in lieu of such a meeting. It is unlikely that there will be an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to
the consummation of our initial Business Combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior
to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application
to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the Delaware General Corporation Law. If our security holders exercise
their registration rights, it may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares of common stock and the existence of
these rights may make it more difficult to effect our initial Business Combination. Our insiders are entitled to make a demand
that we register the resale of the Insider Shares at any time commencing three months prior to the date on which their shares may
be released from escrow. Additionally, the purchasers of the Private Units and $15 Exercise Price Sponsor Warrants and our insiders,
officers, directors or their affiliates are entitled to demand that we register the resale of the Private Units and $15 Exercise
Price Sponsor Warrants (and underlying securities of each) and any shares our insiders, officers, directors or their affiliates
may be issued in payment of working capital loans made to us commencing on the date that we consummate our initial Business Combination.
The presence of these additional shares of common stock trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price
of our securities. In addition, the existence of these rights may make it more difficult to effectuate our initial Business Combination
or increase the cost of consummating our initial Business Combination with the target business, as the stockholders of the target
business may be discouraged from entering into a Business Combination with us or will request a higher price for their securities
because of the potential effect the exercise of such rights may have on the trading market for our shares of common stock. EarlyBirdCapital may have a conflict
of interest in rendering services to us as our non-exclusive investment banker in connection with our initial Business Combination. We have engaged EarlyBirdCapital as an
investment banker to assist us with our initial Business Combination. We will pay EarlyBirdCapital a cash fee for such services
upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination in an amount equal to 3.5% of the total gross proceeds raised in the
Offering, less up to 30% of such fee that we may allocate to one or more other advisors that assist us in identifying or consummating
an initial Business Combination (exclusive of any applicable finders’ fees which might become payable). Additionally, EarlyBirdCapital
was issued unit purchase options in connection with our Offering. These financial interests may result in EarlyBirdCapital having
a conflict of interest when providing the services to us as our investment banker in connection with an initial Business Combination. 27 If we are deemed to be an investment
company, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make
it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: • restrictions on the nature of our investments; and • restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our Business Combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us
certain burdensome requirements, including: • registration as an investment company; • adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and • reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure
requirements and other rules and regulations. In order not to be regulated as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily
in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S.
government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a Business Combination
and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets
with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated
principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the Trust Account may only
be invested in United States “government securities” within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company
Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under
the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the
trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments,
and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling
businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment company”
within the meaning of the Investment Company Act.. The Trust Account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earlier
to occur of either: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a Business Combination; or (ii) absent a Business
Combination, our return of the funds held in the Trust Account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public
shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we
were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional
expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a Business Combination. If we are unable to
complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation
of our Trust Account and our public rights and public warrants will expire worthless. 28 The requirement that we complete
our initial Business Combination within 18 or 24 months from the closing of our Offering may give potential target businesses leverage
over us in negotiating our initial Business Combination. We have 18 months from the closing of our
offering (or 24 months from the closing of our offering if we have executed a letter of intent or definitive agreement for an initial
Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of our Offering but have not completed the Business Combination within such
18-month period) to complete our initial Business Combination. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations
concerning a Business Combination will be aware of this requirement. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over
us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete a Business Combination with that particular target
business, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination with any other target business. This risk will increase as we get
closer to the time limit referenced above. We may not obtain a fairness opinion
with respect to the target business that we seek to consummate our initial Business Combination with and therefore you may be relying
solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed Business Combination. We will only be required to obtain a fairness
opinion with respect to the target business that we seek to consummate our initial Business Combination with if it is an entity
that is affiliated with any of our insiders, officers or directors. In all other instances, we will have no obligation to obtain
an opinion. Accordingly, investors may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed Business
Combination. We are not required to obtain an
opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our Business Combination
with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or accounting firm that
the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will
be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted
by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. 29 Resources could be wasted in researching
business combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire
or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive
only approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our public rights and public warrants will expire
worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of
each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other
instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others.
If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete
our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a
loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge
with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public stockholders may receive only
approximately $10.00 per share on the liquidation of our Trust Account and our public rights and public warrants will expire worthless. Compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 will require substantial financial and management resources and may increase the time and costs of completing an initial
Business Combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal control and may require that we
have such system of internal control audited. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control, we could be subject
to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or stockholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial
reports could harm our business. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our independent registered public accounting
firm report on management’s evaluation of our system of internal control, although as an “emerging growth company”
as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of an exemption to this requirement. A target company may not be in compliance
with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal control. The development of the internal control
of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any
such initial Business Combination. Furthermore, any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in the implementation of adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, could harm our operating results
or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. Inferior internal control could also cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. We are an emerging growth company
within the meaning of the Securities Act, and certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies
could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 30 The JOBS Act permits “emerging growth
companies” like us to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies. As long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we intend to omit the auditor’s
attestation on internal control over financial reporting that would otherwise be required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as described
above. We also intend to take advantage of the exemption provided under the JOBS Act from the requirements to submit say-on-pay,
say-on-frequency and say-on-golden parachute votes to our stockholders and we will avail ourselves of reduced executive compensation
disclosure that is already available to smaller reporting companies. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act
also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting
standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth
company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private
companies. We have elected to take advantage of these benefits until we are no longer an emerging growth company or until we affirmatively
and irrevocably opt out of this exemption. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that
comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We will continue to be an emerging growth
company until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we had total annual gross revenues of at
least $1 billion (as indexed for inflation), (ii) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of
the first public sale of Units, (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion
in non-convertible debt, or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer,” as defined under
the Exchange Act. Until such time that we lose “emerging
growth company” status, it is unclear if investors will find our securities less attractive because we may rely on these
exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our
securities and our stock prices may be more volatile and could cause our stock prices to decline. If we effect our initial Business
Combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may
negatively impact our operations. We may effect our initial Business Combination
with a company located outside of the United States. If we did, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated
with companies operating in the target business’ home jurisdiction, including any of the following: • rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals; • tariffs and trade barriers; • regulations related to customs and import/export matters; • longer payment cycles; 31 • tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; • currency fluctuations and exchange controls; • challenges in collecting accounts receivable; • cultural and language differences; • employment regulations; • crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and • deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address
these additional risks. If we are unable to do so, our operations may suffer. If we effect our initial Business
Combination with a target business located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such target business will likely
govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect our initial Business Combination
with a target business located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such target business is domiciled
will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. The target business may not be able to enforce any
of its material agreements in such jurisdiction and appropriate remedies to enforce its rights under such material agreements may
not be available in this new jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not
be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any
of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we
consummate our initial Business Combination with a company located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially
all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of
the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect
service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities
and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under Federal securities laws. Provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might
be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their
best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate
the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage
transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 32 We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions
under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make more difficult the removal
of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for
our securities. Because we must furnish our stockholders
with target business financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or international
financial reporting standards, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination with
some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a
proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical
and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. These financial statements may be required to be prepared
in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or
international financial reporting standards, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may
be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or
PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may consummate our initial Business
Combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance
with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. Changes in laws or regulations,
or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations
enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly.
Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have
a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable
laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Item 1B