 In addition to the other information in this report, the following risk factors should be considered before deciding to invest in any
of Abbott's securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to Abbott, or risks Abbott currently considers immaterial, could also affect Abbott's actual results. Abbott's business,
financial condition, results of operations, or prospects could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. Abbott may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or
dispose of or spin-off businesses, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability. Abbott may pursue acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or dispose of or spin-off some of its businesses, as
part of its business strategy. Abbott may
not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. If Abbott is successful in making an acquisition, the products and
technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. Abbott may not be able to integrate acquisitions
successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently, and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. Abbott could also experience
negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets.
These effects could cause a deterioration of Abbott's credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense. Abbott is subject to cost containment efforts that could cause a reduction in future revenues and
operating income. In the United States and other countries, Abbott's businesses have experienced downward pressure on product pricing. Cost containment
efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in the section captioned "Regulation." To the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater patient
access to health care or other factors, Abbott's future revenues and operating income will be reduced. Abbott is subject to numerous governmental regulations and it can be costly to comply with these
regulations and to develop compliant products and processes. Abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and numerous international,
supranational, federal, and state authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug or medical device can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for
future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications
and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues, and in substantial additional costs. In
addition, no assurance can be given that Abbott will remain in compliance with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements once approval or marketing authorization has been
obtained for a product. These requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling, and advertising and postmarketing reporting, including adverse
event reports and field alerts due to manufacturing quality concerns. Many of Abbott's facilities and procedures and those of Abbott's suppliers are subject to ongoing regulation, including periodic
inspection by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. Abbott must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. Possible regulatory actions for
non-compliance could include warning letters, fines, damages, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls,
seizures of Abbott's products, and criminal prosecution. These actions could result in, among other things, substantial modifications to Abbott's business practices 8 and
operations; refunds, recalls, or seizures of Abbott's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of Abbott's facilities while Abbott or Abbott's suppliers remedy the
alleged violation; the inability to obtain future pre-market approvals or marketing authorizations; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. Any of these events could
disrupt Abbott's business and have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues, profitability and financial condition. Laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on Abbott,
require Abbott to change its business practices, and restrict its operations in the future. Abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government
benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and international and individual state laws relating to
pricing and sales and marketing practices. Violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment, and exclusion
from participation in government health care programs, including Medicare, Medicaid, and Veterans Administration health programs in the U.S. These laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are
subject to evolving interpretations, which could require Abbott to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. In addition,
violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt Abbott's business and result in a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues, profitability, and financial condition. Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business. A number of the provisions of the U.S. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act
of 2010 change access to health care products and services and establish new fees for the medical device industry. Future rulemaking could increase rebates, reduce prices or the rate of price
increases for health care products and services, or require additional reporting and disclosure. Abbott cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking. The expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may affect Abbott's future revenues and
operating income. Many of Abbott's businesses rely on patent and trademark and other intellectual property protection. Although most of the challenges to
Abbott's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments may also challenge intellectual property protections. To the extent Abbott's intellectual property is successfully
challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or to the extent it does not allow Abbott to compete effectively, Abbott's businesses could suffer. To the extent that countries do not enforce Abbott's
intellectual property rights or to the extent that countries require compulsory licensing of its intellectual property, Abbott's future revenues and operating income could be reduced. Litigation
regarding Abbott's patents and trademarks is described in the section captioned "Legal Proceedings." Competitors' intellectual property may prevent Abbott from selling its products or have a material
adverse effect on Abbott's future profitability and financial condition. Competitors may claim that an Abbott product infringes upon their intellectual property. Resolving an intellectual property
infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require Abbott to enter into license agreements. Abbott cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially
reasonable terms. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject Abbott to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale or use of
affected Abbott products. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's profitability and financial condition. 9 Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful
products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. To accomplish this, Abbott commits substantial
efforts, funds, and other resources to
research and development. A high rate of failure is inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance
that its efforts will be commercially successful. Failure can occur at any point in the process, including after significant funds have been invested. Promising
new product candidates may fail to reach the market or may only have limited commercial success because of efficacy or safety concerns, failure to achieve positive clinical
outcomes, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, the failure to establish or maintain intellectual property rights, or
infringement of the intellectual property rights of others. Even if Abbott successfully develops new products or enhancements or new generations of Abbott's existing products, they may be quickly
rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. Innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of, among other things,
entrenched patterns of clinical practice or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Abbott cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched,
whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. Failure to launch successful new products or new
indications for existing products may cause Abbott's products to become obsolete, causing Abbott's revenues and operating results to suffer. New products and technological advances by Abbott's competitors may negatively affect Abbott's
results of operations. Abbott's products face intense competition from its competitors' products. Competitors' products may be safer, more effective, more
effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than Abbott's products. Abbott cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction of
competitors' products. The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if Abbott
or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing products, Abbott's business could suffer. The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements.
Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, natural disasters,
and environmental factors. In addition, single suppliers are currently used for certain products and materials. If problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that batch of product may
have to be discarded. This could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause,
similar losses with respect to other batches or products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred. To the
extent Abbott or one of its suppliers
experiences significant manufacturing problems, this could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues and profitability. Significant safety concerns could arise for Abbott's products, which could have a material adverse
effect on Abbott's revenues and financial condition. Health care products typically receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration.
Following regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. Investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. If new safety
issues are reported, Abbott may be required to amend the conditions of use for a 10 product.
For example, Abbott may be required to provide additional warnings on a product's label or narrow its approved intended use, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. If
serious safety issues arise with an Abbott product, sales of the product could be halted by Abbott or by regulatory authorities. Safety issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may
reduce the market acceptance of Abbott's products. In
addition, in the ordinary course of business, Abbott is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that its products or the products of other companies that Abbott
promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. Product liability claims and lawsuits, safety alerts or product recalls, and other allegations of product
safety or quality issues, regardless of their validity or ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on Abbott's business and reputation and on Abbott's ability to attract and retain
customers. Consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the products, lower income or exposure to other claims. Product liability losses are self-insured. Product
liability claims could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's profitability and financial condition. Deterioration in the economic position and credit quality of certain countries may negatively affect
Abbott's results of operations. Unfavorable economic conditions in certain countries may increase the time it takes to collect outstanding trade receivables. Financial
instability and fiscal deficits in these countries may result in additional austerity measures to reduce costs, including health care. Deterioration in the quality of sovereign debt, including credit
downgrades, could increase Abbott's collection risk where a significant amount of Abbott's receivables in these countries are with governmental health care systems. Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems to operate its business and a cyber
attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. Similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of Abbott's information technology systems makes them
vulnerable to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott's systems have been and are expected to continue to be the
target of malware and other cyber attacks. Abbott has invested in its systems and the protection of its data to reduce the risk of an invasion or interruption and monitors its systems on an ongoing
basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future interruptions or breakdowns that could have a significant effect on Abbott's
business. Abbott may incur operational difficulties or be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the
separation. AbbVie and Abbott entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements to govern the separation of AbbVie
from Abbott and the relationship between the two companies going forward. These arrangements could lead to disputes between Abbott and AbbVie over Abbott's rights to certain shared property and rights
and over the allocation of costs and revenues for products and operations. The separation and distribution agreement also provides for, among other things, indemnification obligations designed to make
AbbVie financially responsible for substantially all liabilities that may exist relating to its business activities, whether incurred prior to or after AbbVie's separation from Abbott, as well as
those obligations of Abbott assumed by AbbVie pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement. It is possible that a court would disregard the allocation agreed to between Abbott and AbbVie and
require Abbott to assume responsibility for obligations allocated to AbbVie. Third parties could also seek to hold Abbott responsible for any of these liabilities or obligations. The indemnity rights
Abbott has under the separation agreement may not be sufficient to protect Abbott. Even if Abbott is successful in obtaining indemnification, Abbott may have to bear losses temporarily. In addition,
Abbott's 11 indemnity
obligations to AbbVie may be significant. These risks could negatively affect Abbott's results of operations. There could be significant liability if the distribution of AbbVie common stock to Abbott
shareholders is determined to be a taxable transaction. Abbott received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) to the effect that, among other things, the separation
and the distribution of AbbVie qualifies as a transaction that is tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code). In
addition, Abbott received an opinion from outside tax counsel to the effect that the separation and distribution qualifies as a transaction that is described in Sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(D)
of the Code. The ruling and the opinion rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Abbott and AbbVie regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective
businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, Abbott and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or
the opinion of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the receipt by Abbott of the private letter ruling from the IRS and opinion of tax counsel, the IRS
could determine on audit that the separation is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees
with the conclusions in the opinion that are not covered by the private letter ruling, or for other reasons, including as a result of certain significant changes in the share ownership of Abbott or
AbbVie after the separation. If the separation is determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, Abbott and its shareholders that are subject to U.S. federal income tax could incur
significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. Abbott holds a significant investment in Mylan N.V. and is subject to market risk. On February 27, 2015, Abbott completed the disposition of its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business and,
in exchange, received 110,000,000 Mylan N.V. ordinary shares. As long as Abbott holds the shares, Abbott will have a substantial undiversified equity investment in Mylan and, therefore, will be
subject to the risk of changes in the market value of those shares. Fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial statements and
Abbott's ability to realize projected sales and earnings. Although Abbott's financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, a significant portion of Abbott's revenues and costs are
realized in other currencies. Abbott's profitability is affected by movement of the U.S. dollar against other currencies. Fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies
may also affect the reported value of Abbott's assets and liabilities, as well as its cash flows. Some foreign currencies are subject to government exchange controls. While Abbott enters into hedging
arrangements to mitigate some of its foreign currency exposure, Abbott cannot predict with any certainty changes in foreign currency exchange rates or its ability to mitigate these risks. The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may
cause its revenue and profitability to decline. Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. Sales outside of the United States make up
approximately 70 percent of Abbott's net sales. Additional risks associated with Abbott's international operations include: • differing local product preferences and product requirements; • trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; • difficulty in establishing, staffing, and managing operations; 12 • differing labor regulations; • potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws; • political and economic instability, including sovereign debt issues; • price controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization, and other governmental action; • inflation, recession, and fluctuations in interest rates; • compulsory licensing or diminished protection of intellectual property; and • potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and other similar laws and
regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act. Events
contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on Abbott's revenues and profitability. Other factors can have a material adverse effect on Abbott's future profitability and financial
condition. Many other factors can affect Abbott's profitability and its financial condition,
including: • changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product
marketing application standards, product labeling, source and use laws, and environmental laws; • differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pensions, retiree
health care, stock compensation, intangibles, and goodwill; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum, compared to the
actual amount; • changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities, and supplies), interest rates, market value of
Abbott's equity investments, and the performance of investments held by Abbott or Abbott's employee benefit trusts; • changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to Abbott or Abbott's employee
benefit trusts; • changes in business, economic, and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of
future terrorist activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms
of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups; • changes in Abbott's business units and investments and changes in the relative and absolute contribution of each to earnings and cash
flow resulting from evolving business strategies, changing product mix, changes in tax laws or tax rates both in the U.S. and abroad and opportunities existing now or in the future; • changes in the buying patterns of a major distributor, retailer, or wholesale customer resulting from buyer purchasing decisions,
pricing, seasonality, or other factors, or other problems with licensors, suppliers, distributors, and business partners; • changes in credit markets impacting Abbott's ability to obtain financing for its business operations; and • legal difficulties, any of which could preclude or delay commercialization of products or adversely affect profitability, including
claims asserting statutory or regulatory violations, and adverse litigation decisions. 13 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on management's current expectations, estimates, and
projections. Words such as "expects," "anticipates," "intends," "plans," "believes," "seeks," "estimates," "forecasts," variations of these words, and similar expressions are intended to identify
these forward-looking statements. Certain factors, including but not limited to those identified under "Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K, may cause actual results to differ
materially from current expectations, estimates, projections, forecasts, and from past results. No assurance can be made that any expectation, estimate, or projection contained in a forward-looking
statement will be achieved or will not be affected by the factors cited above or other future events. Abbott undertakes no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking statements as
the result of subsequent events or developments, except as required by law. ITEM 1B