. The following are some important factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from those referred to or implied in any forward-looking statement. These are in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K and the Company’s other filings with the SEC. A prolonging of the economic downturn or the return of negative developments in the financial services industry could negatively impact our operations. The global and U.S. economic downturn has resulted in uncertainty in the financial markets in general with the possibility of a slow recovery or a fall back into recession. The Federal Reserve, in an attempt to help the overall economy, has kept interest rates low through its targeted federal funds rate, the purchase of mortgage- backed securities and the purchase of Treasury securities. If the Federal Reserve increases the federal funds rate, overall interest rates will likely rise which may negatively impact the housing markets and the U.S. economic recovery. A prolonging of the economic downturn or the return of negative developments in the financial services industry could negatively impact our operations by causing an increase in our provision for loan losses and a deterioration of our loan portfolio. Such a downturn may also adversely affect our ability to originate or sell loans. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse impact on our financial performance. 13 A prolonging or worsening of the downturn affecting the economy and/or the real estate market in our primary market area would adversely affect our loan portfolio and our growth potential. Much of the Company’s lending is in northern and central New Jersey. As a result of this geographic concentration, a further continued significant broad-based deterioration in economic conditions in the New Jersey metropolitan area could have a material adverse impact on the quality of the Company’s loan portfolio, results of operations and future growth potential. A prolonged decline in economic conditions in our market area could restrict borrowers’ ability to pay outstanding principal and interest on loans when due, and consequently, adversely affect the cash flows and results of operations of the Company’s business. The Company’s loan portfolio is largely secured by real estate collateral located in the State of New Jersey. Conditions in the real estate markets in which the collateral for the Company’s loans are located strongly influence the level of the Company’s non-performing loans and results of operations. A continued decline in the New Jersey real estate markets could adversely affect the Company’s loan portfolio. Decreases in local real estate values would adversely affect the value of property used as collateral for the Company’s loans. Adverse changes in the economy also may have a negative effect on the ability of our borrowers to make timely repayments of their loans, which would have an adverse impact on our earnings. The Company faces significant competition. The Company faces significant competition from many other banks, savings institutions and other financial institutions which have branch offices or otherwise operate in the Company’s market area. Non-bank financial institutions, such as securities brokerage firms, insurance companies and money market funds, engage in activities which compete directly with traditional bank business, which has also led to greater competition. Many of these competitors have substantially greater financial resources than the Company, including larger capital bases that allow them to attract customers seeking larger loans than the Company is able to accommodate and the ability to aggressively advertise their products and to allocate considerable resources to locations and products perceived as profitable. There can be no assurance that the Company and the Bank will be able to successfully compete with these entities in the future. The Company is subject to interest rate risk. The Company’s earnings are largely dependent upon its net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the Company’s control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Federal Reserve Board. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the interest the Company receives on loans and securities and the amount of interest it pays on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) the Company’s ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, (ii) the fair value of the Company’s financial assets and liabilities, and (iii) the average duration of the Company’s mortgage-backed securities portfolio. If the spread between the interest rates paid on deposits and other borrowings and the interest rates received on loans and other investments narrows, the Company’s net interest income, and therefore earnings, could be adversely affected. This also includes the risk that interest-earning assets may be more responsive to changes in interest rates than interest-bearing liabilities, or vice versa (repricing risk), the risk that the individual interest rates or rate indices underlying various interest-earning assets and interest bearing liabilities may not change in the same degree over a given time period (basis risk), and the risk of changing interest rate relationships across the spectrum of interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability maturities (yield curve risk). Although management believes it has implemented effective asset and liability management strategies to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on the Company’s results of operations, any substantial, unexpected, prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. Historically low interest rates may adversely affect our net interest income and profitability . 14 During the last seven years, it has been the policy of the Federal Reserve Board to maintain interest rates at historically low levels through its targeted federal funds rate and the purchase of mortgage-backed securities and Treasury securities. As a result, yields have been at levels lower than were available prior to 2008 on securities we have purchased and loans we have originated. Consequently, the average yield on our interest-earning assets has decreased during the low interest rate environment. As a general matter, our interest-bearing assets re-price or mature more quickly than our interest-bearing liabilities Our ability to lower our interest expense is limited at these interest rate levels, while the average yield on our interest-earning assets may continue to decrease. While the Federal Reserve Board may raise interest rates in 2015, we believe that interest rates will still remain relatively low for the near future. Accordingly, our net interest margin may decline, which may have an adverse effect on our profitability. The Company is subject to risks associated with speculative construction lending. The risks associated with speculative construction lending include the borrower’s inability to complete the construction process on time and within budget, the sale of the project within projected absorption periods, the economic risks associated with real estate collateral, and the potential of a rising interest rate environment. Such loans may include financing the development and/or construction of residential subdivisions. This activity may involve financing land purchases, infrastructure development (i.e. roads, utilities, etc.), as well as construction of residences or multi-family dwellings for subsequent sale by developer/builder. Because the sale of developed properties is integral to the success of developer business, loan repayment may be especially subject to the volatility of real estate market values. Management has established underwriting and monitoring criteria to minimize the inherent risks of speculative commercial real estate construction lending. Further, management concentrates lending efforts with developers demonstrating successful performance on marketable projects within the Bank’s lending areas. Our mortgage warehouse lending business represents a significant portion of our overall lending activity and is subject to numerous risks. Our primary lending emphasis is the origination of commercial and commercial real estate loans and mortgage warehouse lines of credit. Based on the composition of our loan portfolio, the inherent primary risks are deteriorating credit quality, a decline in the economy, and a decline in New Jersey real estate market values. Any one, or a combination, of these events may adversely affect the loan portfolio and may result in increased delinquencies, loan losses and increased future provision levels. A significant portion of our loan portfolio consists of the mortgage warehouse lines of credit. Risks associated with these loans include, without limitation, (i) credit risks relating to the mortgage bankers that borrow from us, (ii) the risk of intentional misrepresentation or fraud by any of such mortgage bankers, (iii) changes in the market value of mortgage loans originated by the mortgage banker, the sale of which is the expected source of repayment of the borrowings under a warehouse line of credit, due to changes in interest rates during the time in warehouse, or (iv) unsalable or impaired mortgage loans so originated, which could lead to decreased collateral value and the failure of a purchaser of the mortgage loan to purchase the loan from the mortgage banker. The impact of interest rates on our mortgage warehouse business can be significant. Changes in interest rates can impact the number of residential mortgages originated and initially funded under mortgage warehouse lines of credit and thus our mortgage warehouse related revenues. A decline in mortgage rates generally increases the demand for mortgage loans. Conversely, in a constant or increasing rate environment, we would expect fewer loans to be originated. Although we use models to assess the impact of interest rates on mortgage related revenues, the estimates of net income produced by these models are dependent on estimates and assumptions of future loan demand, prepayment speeds and other factors which may overstate or understate actual subsequent experience. Further, the concentration of our loan portfolio on loans originated through our mortgage warehouse business increases the risk associated with our loan portfolio because of the concentration of loans in a single line of business, namely one-to-four family residential mortgage lending, and in a particular segment of that business, namely mortgage warehouse lending. If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to cover actual loan losses, our earnings could decrease. We make various assumptions and judgments about the collectability of our loan portfolio, including the creditworthiness of our borrowers and the value of the real estate and other assets serving as collateral for the repayment of many of our loans. In determining the amount of the allowance for loan losses, we review our loans and our loan and delinquency experience, and we evaluate economic conditions. If our assumptions are incorrect, our allowance for loan losses may not be sufficient to cover losses inherent in our loan portfolio, resulting in additions to our allowance. Material additions to our allowance would materially decrease our net income. 15 In addition, bank regulators periodically review our loan portfolio and our allowance for loan losses and may require us to increase our provision for loan losses or recognize further loan charge-offs or reclassify loans. Any increase in our allowance for loan losses or loan charge-offs or loan reclassifications as required by these regulatory authorities might have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If we do not successfully integrate banks that we may acquire in the future, the combined bank may be adversely affected. If we make any acquisitions in the future, we will need to integrate those acquired entities into our existing business and systems. We may experience difficulties in accomplishing this integration or in effectively managing the combined bank after any future acquisitions. The integration of any acquired entity will also divert the attention of our management. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in integrating any future acquisitions into our own business. The expected benefits from acquiring another entity may not be realized if the combined bank does not achieve certain cost savings and other benefits. Our belief that cost savings and revenue enhancements are achievable in any future acquisition is a forward-looking statement that is inherently uncertain. The combined bank’s actual cost savings and revenue enhancements, if any, for any future acquisition cannot be quantified at this time. Any actual cost savings or revenue enhancements will depend on future expense levels and operating results, the timing of certain events and general industry, regulatory and business conditions. Many of these events will be beyond the control of the combined bank. Federal and state government regulation impacts the Company’s operations. The operations of the Company and the Bank are heavily regulated and will be affected by present and future legislation and by the policies established from time to time by various federal and state regulatory authorities. In particular, the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board have had a significant effect on the operating results of banks in the past and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Among the instruments of monetary policy used by the Federal Reserve Board to implement its objectives are changes in the discount rate charged on bank borrowings. It is not possible to predict what changes, if any, will be made to the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve Board or to existing federal and state legislation or the effect that such changes may have on the future business and earnings prospects of the Company. The Company and the Bank are subject to examination, supervision and comprehensive regulation by various federal and state agencies. Compliance with the rules and regulations of these agencies may be costly and may limit growth and restrict certain activities, including payment of dividends, investments, loans and interest rate charges, interest rates paid on deposits, and locations of offices. The Bank is also subject to capitalization guidelines set forth in federal legislation and regulations. The laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry could change at any time, and we cannot predict the impact of these changes on our business and profitability. Because government regulation greatly affects the business and financial results of all commercial banks and bank holding companies, the cost of compliance could adversely affect the Company’s result of operations. Legislative and regulatory reforms may materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, or stock price. The Dodd-Frank Act restructures the regulation of depository institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act contains various provisions designed to enhance the regulation of depository institutions and prevent the recurrence of a financial crisis such as occurred in 2008-2009. Also included was the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, a new federal agency administering consumer and fair lending laws, a function that was previously performed by the depository institution regulators. The federal preemption of state laws currently accorded federally chartered depository institutions has been reduced as well. We expect that many of the requirements called for in the Dodd-Frank Act will be implemented over time, and most will be subject to implementing regulations over the course of several years. Given the uncertainty associated with the manner in which the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will be implemented by the various regulatory agencies and through regulations, the full extent of the impact such requirements will have on financial institutions’ operations is unclear. The changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to certain of our business practices, impose upon us more stringent capital, liquidity and leverage ratio requirements or otherwise adversely affect our business. These changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make necessary changes in order to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements. 16 In addition, international banking industry regulators have largely agreed upon significant changes in the regulation of capital required to be held by banks and their holding companies to support their businesses. The new international rules, known as Basel III, generally increase the capital required to be held and narrow the types of instruments which will qualify as providing appropriate capital and impose a new liquidity measurement. The Basel III requirements are complex and will be phased in over many years. The Basel III rules do not apply to U.S. banks or holding companies automatically. Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act requires U.S. regulators to reform the system under which the safety and soundness of banks and other financial institutions, individually and systemically, are regulated. That reform effort will include the regulation of capital and liquidity. On July 2, 2013, the Federal Reserve approved a final rule (the “Final Rule”) to establish a new comprehensive regulatory capital framework for all U.S. banking organizations. On July 9, 2013, the Final Rule was approved as an interim final rule by the FDIC. Effective January 1, 2015, these new requirements establish the following minimum capital ratios: (1) a common equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital ratio of 4.5% of risk-weighted assets; (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0% of risk-weighted assets; (3) a total capital ratio of 8.0% of risk-weighted assets; and (4) a leverage ratio of 4.0%. In addition, there is a new requirement to maintain a capital conservation buffer, comprised of CET1 capital, in an amount greater than 2.5% of risk-weighted assets over the minimum capital required by each of the minimum risk-based capital ratios in order to avoid limitations on the organization’s ability to pay dividends, repurchase shares or pay discretionary bonuses. The capital conservation buffer requirement will be phased in, beginning January 1, 2016, and initially require a buffer amount greater than 0.625% during 2016 in order to avoid these limitations. Following 2016, the required amount of the capital conservation buffer will continue to increase each year until January 1, 2019 when the buffer amount must be greater than 2.5% in order to avoid the above limitations. The new regulations also changed what qualifies as capital for purposes of meeting these various capital requirements, as well as the risk weight of certain assets for purposes of the risk-based capital ratios. Under the new regulations, in order to be considered well-capitalized for prompt corrective action purposes, the Bank will be required to maintain the following ratios: (1) a CET1 ratio of at least 6.5% of risk-weighted assets; (2) a Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.0% of risk weighted assets; (3) a total capital ratio of a least 10.0% of risk-weighted assets; and (4) a leverage ratio of at least 5.0%. Under the new capital rules in effect on January 1, 2015, management estimates that the Bank’s CET1 risk-based capital, Tier 1 risk-based capital, total risk-based capital and leverage capital ratios would be 11.23%, 11.23%, 12.09%, and 9.40%, respectively, at December 31, 2014. The application of these more stringent capital requirements could increase the Company’s cost of capital, among other things. Any permanent significant increase in the Company’s cost of capital could have significant adverse impacts on the profitability of many of our products, the types of products we could offer profitably, our overall profitability, and our overall growth opportunities, among other things. Implementation of changes to asset risk weightings for risk based capital calculations or items included or deducted in calculating regulatory capital and/or additional capital conservation buffers could also result in management modifying the Company’s business strategy and limiting the Company’s ability to repurchase our common stock. Furthermore, the imposition of liquidity requirements in connection with the implementation of Basel III could result in us having to lengthen the term of our funding, restructure our business models, and/or increase our holdings of liquid assets. Although most financial institutions would be affected, these business impacts could be felt unevenly, depending upon the business and product mix of each institution. Other potential effects could include higher dilution of common shareholders if we had to issue additional shares and a higher risk that we might fall below regulatory capital thresholds in an adverse economic cycle. 17 Any additional changes in the regulation and oversight of the Company, in the form of new laws, rules and regulations, could make compliance more difficult or expensive or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or prospects. The price of our common stock may fluctuate. The price of our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Market constantly changes and recently, given the uncertainty in the financial markets, has fluctuated widely. From the beginning of fiscal year 2013 through the end of fiscal year 2014, our stock price fluctuated between a high of $11.90 per share and a low of $7.00 per share. We expect that the market closing price of our common stock will continue to fluctuate. Consequently, the current market price of our common stock may not be indicative of future market prices, and we may be unable to sustain or increase the value of an investment in our common stock. Our common stock price can fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include: · quarterly fluctuations in our operating and financial results; · operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors; · changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors; · events negatively impacting the financial services industry which result in a general decline in the market valuation of our common stock; · announcements of material developments affecting our operations or our dividend policy; · future sales of our equity securities; · new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; · changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; and · general domestic economic and market conditions. In addition, recently the stock market generally has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations, and industry factors and general economic and political conditions and events, such as economic slowdowns or recessions, interest rate changes or credit loss trends, could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless of our operating results. The Bank is subject to liquidity risk. Liquidity risk is the potential that the Bank will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due, capitalize on growth opportunities as they arise, or pay regular dividends because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate funding in a timely basis, at a reasonable cost and within acceptable risk tolerances. Liquidity is required to fund various obligations, including credit commitments to borrowers, mortgage and other loan originations, withdrawals by depositors, repayment of borrowings, dividends to shareholders, operating expenses and capital expenditures. Liquidity is derived primarily from retail deposit growth and retention; principal and interest payments on loans; principal and interest payments; sale, maturity and prepayment of investment securities; net cash provided from operations and access to other funding sources. 18 Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry in general. Factors that could detrimentally impact our access to liquidity sources include a decrease in the level of our business activity due to a market downturn or adverse regulatory action against us. Our ability to borrow could also be impaired by factors that are not specific to us, such as a severe disruption of the financial markets or negative views and expectations about the prospects for the financial services industry as a whole. If we become unable to obtain funds when needed, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and in turn, our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. The Company is subject to liquidity risk. Our recurring cash requirements, at the holding company level, primarily consist of interest expense on junior subordinated debentures issued to capital trusts. Holding company cash needs are routinely satisfied by dividends collected from the Bank. While we expect that the holding company will continue to receive dividends from the Bank sufficient to satisfy holding company cash needs, in the event that the Bank has insufficient resources or is subject to legal or regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends, the Bank may be unable to provide dividends or a sufficient level of dividends to the holding company; in that event, the holding company may have insufficient funds to satisfy its obligations as they become due. Future growth, operating results or regulatory requirements may require us to raise additional capital but that capital may not be available. We are required by federal and state regulatory authorities to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. To the extent our future operating results erode capital or we elect to expand through loan growth or acquisition, we may be required to raise additional capital. Our ability to raise capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets, which are outside of our control, and on our financial performance. Accordingly, we cannot be assured of our ability to raise capital when needed or on favorable terms. If we cannot raise additional capital when needed, we will be subject to increased regulatory supervision and the imposition of restrictions on our growth and business. These actions could negatively impact our ability to operate or further expand our operations and may result in increases in operating expenses and reductions in revenues that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. Higher FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments could adversely affect our financial condition. In February 2011, the FDIC adopted final rules to implement changes required by the Dodd-Frank Act with respect to the FDIC assessment rules. In particular, the definition of an institution's deposit insurance assessment base was changed from total deposits to total assets less tangible equity. In addition, the FDIC revised the deposit insurance assessment rates down. The revised initial base assessment rates range from 5 to 9 basis points for Risk Category I banks to 35 basis points for Risk Category IV banks. Risk Category II and III banks will have an initial base assessment rate of 14 or 23 basis points, respectively. If the risk category of the Bank changes adversely, our FDIC insurance premiums could increase. Insured depository institution failures, as well as deterioration in banking and economic conditions, could significantly increase the loss provisions of the FDIC, resulting in a decline in the designated reserve ratio of the Deposit Insurance Fund to historical lows. Effective January 1, 2011, the FDIC increased the designated reserve ratio from 1.25 to 2.00. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act permanently increased the deposit insurance limit on FDIC deposit insurance coverage to $250,000 per insured depositor, retroactive to January 1, 2008, which may result in even larger losses to the Deposit Insurance Fund. The FDIC may further increase or decrease the assessment rate schedule in order to manage the Deposit Insurance Fund to prescribed statutory target levels. An increase in the risk category for the Bank or in the assessment rates could have an adverse effect on the Bank's earnings. The FDIC may terminate deposit insurance if it determines the institution involved has engaged in or is engaging in unsafe or unsound banking practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition, or has violated applicable laws, regulations or orders. Future offerings of debt or other securities may adversely affect the market price of our stock. In the future, the Company may attempt to increase its capital resources or, if the Company’s or the Bank’s capital ratios fall below the required minimums, the Company or the Bank could be forced to raise additional capital by making additional offerings of debt or preferred equity securities, including medium-term notes, trust preferred securities, senior or subordinated notes and preferred stock. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and shares of preferred stock and lenders with respect to other borrowings will receive distributions of our available assets prior to the holders of our common stock. 19 The Company may issue additional shares of common stock which may dilute the ownership and voting power of our shareholders and the book value of our common stock. The Company is currently authorized to issue up to 30,000,000 shares of common stock, of which 7,160,253 shares were outstanding on February 28, 2015. We may decide to issue additional shares of common stock for any corporate purposes. Our Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares of common stock in public offerings or up to 20% of our outstanding common stock in non-public offerings. Any issuance of shares of our common stock will dilute the percentage ownership interest of our common shareholders and may reduce the market price of our common stock or dilute the book value of our common stock, or both. Holders of our common stock are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. The Company may lose lower-cost funding sources. Checking, savings, and money market deposit account balances and other forms of customer deposits can decrease when customers perceive alternative investments, such as the stock market, as providing a better risk/return tradeoff. If customers move money out of bank deposits and into other investments, the Company could lose a relatively low-cost source of funds, increasing its funding costs and reducing the Company’s net interest income and net income. There may be changes in accounting policies or accounting standards. The Company’s accounting policies are fundamental to understanding its financial results and condition. Some of these policies require the use of estimates and assumptions that may affect the value of the Company’s assets or liabilities and financial results. The Company identified its accounting policies regarding the allowance for loan losses, security impairment, goodwill and other intangible assets, and income taxes to be critical because they require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. Under each of these policies, it is possible that materially different amounts would be reported under different conditions, using different assumptions, or as new information becomes available. From time to time the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the form and content of the Company’s external financial statements. Recently, FASB has proposed new accounting standards related to fair value accounting and accounting for leases that could materially change the Company’s financial statements in the future. In addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards (such as the FASB, SEC, banking regulators and the Company’s independent auditors) may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. Changes in financial accounting and reporting standards and changes in current interpretations may be beyond the Company’s control, can be hard to predict and could materially impact how the Company reports its financial results and condition. In certain cases, the Company could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively or apply an existing standard differently (also retroactively) which may result in the Company restating prior period financial statements in material amounts. The Company encounters continuous technological change. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. The Company’s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in the Company’s operations. Many of the Company’s competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. The Company may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business and, in turn, the Company’s financial condition and results of operations. 20 The Company is subject to operational risk. The Company faces the risk that the design of its controls and procedures, including those to mitigate the risk of fraud by employees or outsiders, may prove to be inadequate or are circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection of errors or inaccuracies in data and information. Management regularly reviews and updates the Company’s internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of the Company’s controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company may also be subject to disruptions of its systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control (including, for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to losses in service to customers and to financial loss or liability. The Company is further exposed to the risk that its external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their respective employees as is the Company) and to the risk that the Company’s (or its vendors’) business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate. The Company’s performance is largely dependent on the talents and efforts of highly skilled individuals. There is intense competition in the financial services industry for qualified employees. In addition, the Company faces increasing competition with businesses outside the financial services industry for the most highly skilled individuals. The Company’s business operations could be adversely affected if it were unable to attract new employees and retain and motivate its existing employees. Loss of, or failure to adequately safeguard, confidential or proprietary information may adversely affect the Company’s operations, net income or reputation. The Company regularly collects, processes, transmits and stores significant amounts of confidential information regarding its customers, employees and others. This information is necessary for the conduct of the Company’s business activities, including the ongoing maintenance of deposit, loan, investment management and other account relationships for our customers, and receiving instructions and affecting transactions for those customers and other users of the Company’s products and services. In addition to confidential information regarding its customers, employees and others, the Company compiles, processes, transmits and stores proprietary, non-public information concerning its own business, operations, plans and strategies. In some cases, this confidential or proprietary information is collected, compiled, processed, transmitted or stored by third parties on behalf of the Company. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. A failure in or breach of the Company’s operational or information security systems, or those of the Company’s third-party service providers, as a result of cyber-attacks or information security breaches or due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions could adversely affect our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, damage our reputation, increase our costs and/or cause losses. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect the Company’s systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority for the Company. If this confidential or proprietary information were to be mishandled, misused or lost, the Company could be exposed to significant regulatory consequences, reputational damage, civil litigation and financial loss. Mishandling, misuse or loss of this confidential or proprietary information could occur, for example, if the confidential or proprietary information were erroneously provided to parties who are not permitted to have the information, either by fault of the systems or employees of the Company, or the systems or employees of third parties which have collected, compiled, processed, transmitted or stored the information on the Company’s behalf, where the information is intercepted or otherwise inappropriately taken by third parties or where there is a failure or breach of the network, communications or information systems which are used to collect, compile, process, transmit or store the information. 21 Although the Company employs a variety of physical, procedural and technological safeguards to protect this confidential and proprietary information from mishandling, misuse or loss, these safeguards do not provide absolute assurance that mishandling, misuse or loss of the information will not occur, or that if mishandling, misuse or loss of the information did occur, those events would be promptly detected and addressed. Additionally, as information security risks and cyber threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance its information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. There may be claims and litigation. From time to time as part of the Company’s normal course of business, customers make claims and take legal actions against the Company based on actions or inactions of the Company. If such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner favorable to the Company, they may result in financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of the Company and its products and services. This may also impact customer demand for the Company’s products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. Severe weather, acts of terrorism and other external events could significantly impact our business. A significant portion of our primary markets are located near coastal waters which could generate naturally occurring severe weather, or in response to climate change, that could have a significant impact on our ability to conduct business. Additionally, surrounding areas, including New Jersey, may be central targets for potential acts of terrorism against the United States. Such events could affect the stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause significant property damage, result in loss of revenue and/or cause us to incur additional expenses. Although we have established disaster recovery policies and procedures, the occurrence of any such event in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. On October 29, 2012, Hurricane Sandy caused destruction along the East Coast, including in New Jersey, and resulted in, among other things, severe property damage and the closure of many businesses and financial markets. The financial impact to the Company was minimal as our mortgage loan customers in the areas affected by Hurricane Sandy did not sustain severe damage to their real properties and we experienced no loan delinquencies specifically related to Hurricane Sandy. In 2014, our market area was the subject of severe cold weather and several snow storms which disrupted commercial activities and the Bank’s operations. Item 1B