 Risks Relating to Our Business We have a limited operating history,
as well as a history of operating losses. We have a limited operating
history. We cannot assure you that we can achieve revenue or sustain revenue growth or profitability in the future. We have a cumulative
net loss of $21,258,575 for the period from inception (January 1, 2001) to December 31, 2014. Our operations are subject to the
risks and competition inherent in the establishment of a business enterprise. Unanticipated problems, expenses, and delays are
frequently encountered in establishing a new business and marketing and developing products. These include, but are not limited
to, competition, the need to develop customers and market expertise, market conditions, sales, marketing and governmental regulation.
Our failure to meet any of these conditions would have a materially adverse effect upon us and may force us to reduce or curtail
our operations. Revenues and profits, if any, will depend upon various factors. We may not achieve our business objectives and
the failure to achieve such goals would have an adverse impact on our business. We may not be able to achieve the target
specifications for the second and third generation CSpace laboratory prototypes. The process of developing
new highly technical products and solutions is inherently complex and uncertain. It requires accurate anticipation of customer's
changing needs and emerging technological trends. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing
whether these investments will eventually result in products that achieve customer acceptance and generate the revenues required
to provide desired returns. If we fail to achieve and meet our target specifications in the development of the second and third
generation CSpace laboratory prototypes, we could lose market position and customers to our competitors and that could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to secure the customer
funding necessary to develop the CSpace Trade Show Prototype. An important part of
our business strategy moving forward is the development of our Lab Proto 3. While we believe this prototype will enable
us to secure customer funded development contracts whereby our customer would provide part or all of the funding necessary to develop
products for or with the customer and to secure technology licensing agreements, there can be no assurances that this will occur. If
we are unable to secure customer funded development contracts we will likely not be able to develop our CSpace Trade Show Prototype. Without
the CSpace Trade Show Prototype we will not be able to successfully implement our business strategy for our volumetric 3D Display
products, which could cause harm to our competitive position and financial condition. 10 We may not be able to successfully license
the CSpace technology to customers. A significant portion
of our expected future revenues will be generated through licensing our CSpace technology to third parties such as Boeing, Lockheed
Martin, Siemens, and General Electric. However, there is no guarantee we will be able to successfully license our CSpace
technology to such companies or to other third parties. If we fail to successfully license our CSpace technology it
could negatively impact our revenue stream and financial condition. We may not be able to compete successfully. Although the volumetric
3D display technology that we are attempting to develop is new, and although at present we are aware of only a limited number of
companies that have publicly disclosed their attempts to develop similar technology, we anticipate a number of companies are or
will attempt to develop technologies/products that compete or will compete with our technologies. Further, even if we are the first
to market with a technology of this type, and even if the technology is protected by patents or otherwise, because of the vast
market and communications potential of such a product, we anticipate the market will be flooded by a variety of competitors (including
traditional display companies), many of which will offer a range of products in areas other than those in which we compete, which
may make such competitors more attractive to prospective customers. In addition, many if not all of our competitors and potential
competitors will initially be larger and have greater financial resources than we do. Some of the companies with which we may now
be in competition, or with which we may compete in the future, have or may have more extensive research, marketing and manufacturing
capabilities and significantly greater technical and personnel resources than we do, even given our relationship to the University,
and may be better positioned to continue to improve their technology in order to compete in an evolving industry. Further, technology
in this industry may evolve rapidly once an initially successful product is introduced, making timely product innovations and use
of new technologies essential to our success in the marketplace. The introduction by our competitors of products with improved
technologies or features may render any product we initially market obsolete and unmarketable. If we or our partners are not able
to deliver to market products that respond to industry changes in a timely manner, or if our products do not perform well, our
business and financial condition will be adversely affected. The technologies being developed may
not gain market acceptance. The products that we
are currently developing utilize new technologies. As with any new technologies, in order for us to be successful, these technologies
must gain market acceptance. Since the technologies that we anticipate introducing to the marketplace will exploit or encroach
upon markets that presently utilize or are serviced by products from competing technologies, meaningful commercial markets may
not develop for our technologies. In addition, the
development efforts of 3DIcon and the University on the 3D technology are subject to unanticipated delays, expenses or technical
or other problems, as well as the possible insufficiency of funding to complete development. Our success will depend upon the ultimate
products and technologies meeting acceptable cost and performance criteria, and upon their timely introduction into the marketplace.
The proposed products and technologies may never be successfully developed, and even if developed, they may not satisfactorily
perform the functions for which they are designed. Additionally, these may not meet applicable price or performance objectives.
Unanticipated technical or other problems may occur which would result in increased costs or material delays in their development
or commercialization. If we are unable to successfully retain
existing management and recruit qualified personnel having experience in our business, we may not be able to continue our operations. Our success depends to
a significant extent upon the continued services of our Board of Directors, management officers and our Chief Technology Officer. Our
success also depends on our ability to attract and retain other key executive officers. Our auditors have expressed substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we do not continue as a going concern, investors will lose their entire
investment. 11 In their report dated
March 31, 2015, our auditors have expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. These concerns
arise from the fact that we are a development stage organization with insufficient revenues to fund development and operating expenses.
If we are unable to continue as a going concern, you could lose your entire investment in us. We will need significant additional
capital, which we may be unable to obtain. Our capital requirements
in connection with our development activities and transition to commercial operations have been and will continue to be significant.
We will require between $1.2 and $1.5 million additional funds through December 2015 to continue research, development and testing
of our technologies, to obtain intellectual property protection relating to our technologies when appropriate, and to improve and
market our technologies. There can be no assurance that financing will be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if
at all. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we fail to establish, maintain and
enforce intellectual property rights with respect to our technology and/or licensed technology, our financial condition, results
of operations and business could be negatively impacted. Our ability to establish,
maintain and enforce intellectual property rights with respect to our technology and the University’s ability to establish,
maintain and enforce intellectual property rights with respect to our exclusively licensed technology, once successfully developed
into 3D display technology that we intend to market, will be a significant factor in determining our future financial and operating
performance. We seek to protect our intellectual property rights by relying on a combination of patent, trade secret and copyright
laws. We also use confidentiality and other provisions in our agreements that restrict access to and disclosure of its confidential
know-how and trade secrets. Outside of our pending
patent applications, we seek to protect our technology as trade secrets and technical know-how. However, trade secrets and technical
know-how are difficult to maintain and do not provide the same legal protections provided by patents. In particular, only patents
will allow us to prohibit others from using independently developed technologies that are similar. If competitors develop knowledge
substantially equivalent or superior to our trade secrets and technical know-how, or gain access to our knowledge through other
means such as observation of our technology that embodies trade secrets at customer sites that we do not control, the value of
our trade secrets and technical know-how would be diminished. While we strive to maintain
systems and procedures to protect the confidentiality and security of our trade secrets and technical know-how, these systems and
procedures may fail to provide an adequate degree of protection. For example, although we generally enter into agreements with our
employees, consultants, advisors, and strategic partners restricting the disclosure and use of trade secrets, technical know-how
and confidential information, we cannot provide any assurance that these agreements will be sufficient to prevent unauthorized
use or disclosure. In addition, some of the technology deployed at customer sites in the future, which we do not control, may be
readily observable by third parties who are not under contractual obligations of non-disclosure, which may limit or compromise
our ability to continue to protect such technology as a trade secret. While we are not currently
aware of any infringement or other violation of our intellectual property rights, monitoring and policing unauthorized use and
disclosure of intellectual property is difficult. If we learned that a third party was in fact infringing or otherwise violating our
intellectual property, we may need to enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation. Litigation relating to our intellectual
property may not prove successful and might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention. If our technology is
licensed to customers at some point in the future, the strength of the intellectual property under which we would grant licenses
can be a critical determinant of the value of such potential licenses. If we are unable to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual
property now and in the future, it may become more difficult for us to attract such customers. Any such development
could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 12 We may face claims that we are violating
the intellectual property rights of others. Although we are not aware
of any potential violations of others’ intellectual property rights, we may face claims, including from direct competitors,
other companies, scientists or research universities, asserting that our technology or the commercial use of such technology infringes
or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of others. We cannot be certain that our technologies and processes do not
violate the intellectual property rights of others. If we are successful in developing technologies that allow us to earn revenues
and our market profile grows we could become increasingly subject to such claims. We may also face infringement
claims from the employees, consultants, agents and outside organizations we have engaged to develop our technology. While
we have sought to protect ourselves against such claims through contractual means, we cannot provide any assurance that such contractual
provisions are adequate, and any of these parties might claim full or partial ownership of the intellectual property in the technology
that they were engaged to develop. If we were found to be
infringing or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others, we could face significant costs to implement work-around
methods, and we cannot provide any assurance that any such work-around would be available or technically equivalent to our potential
technology. In such cases, we might need to license a third party’s intellectual property, although any required license
might not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to work around such infringement or obtain a license on
acceptable terms, we might face substantial monetary judgments against us or an injunction against continuing to use or license such
technology, which might cause us to cease operations. In addition, even if
we are not infringing or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others, we could nonetheless incur substantial
costs in defending ourselves in suits brought against us for alleged infringement. Also, if we are to enter into a license agreement
in the future and it provides that we will defend and indemnify our customer licensees for claims against them relating to
any alleged infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties in connection with such customer licensees’
use of such technologies, we may incur substantial costs defending and indemnifying any customer licensees to the extent they are
subject to these types of claims. Such suits, even if without merit, would likely require our management team to dedicate substantial
time to addressing the issues presented. Any party bringing claims might have greater resources than we do, which could potentially
lead to us settling claims against which we might otherwise prevail on the merits. Any claims brought against
us or any customer licensees alleging that we have violated the intellectual property of others could have negative consequences
for our financial condition, results of operations and business, each of which could be materially adversely affected as a result. At this time, we do not own any intellectual
property in Volumetric Liquid Crystal Display or Light Surface Display for Rendering Three-Dimensional Images, and, apart from
the SRA with the University and the exclusive worldwide marketing rights thereto, we have no contracts or agreements pending to
acquire the intellectual property. Although we have obtained
exclusive worldwide marketing rights to “Volumetric Liquid Crystal Display” and “Light Surface Display for Rendering
Three-Dimensional Images”, two technologies vital to our business and growth strategy, we do not own any intellectual property
in these technologies. Although our exclusive worldwide marketing rights to these technologies stand alone and are independent
of the SRA, outside of our SRA with the University, we have no pending agreements to obtain or purchase ownership over such intellectual
property. Should the University lose their rights in such technologies or we are otherwise unable to utilize the rights
obtained in such agreements it would be difficult to successfully implement our business strategy going forward and our stock value
would likely decrease. Risks Relating to Our Current Financing
Arrangement s : There are a large number of shares underlying
our convertible debentures, and warrants that may be available for future sale and the sale of these shares may depress the market
price of our common stock. 13 As of March 27, 2015,
we had 612,664,741 shares of common stock issued and outstanding and convertible debentures outstanding that may be converted into
estimated 3,253,119,789 shares of common stock at current market prices, although the Company currently would not have enough authorized
shares to issue such estimated conversion shares. The number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of the outstanding
convertible debentures may increase if the market price of our stock declines. We also have outstanding warrants issued to Golden
State Equity Investors, Inc. f/k/a Golden Gate Investors ("Golden State") to purchase 18,595 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $381.50. Additionally, there are 19,250,000 warrants to purchase common shares at an exercise price of $0.0055,
which warrants were issued to investors that also purchased 385,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, which shares
are convertible into an aggregate of 38,500,000 shares of common stock. The sale of the shares underlying the convertible debentures,
the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and warrants may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our obligation to issue
shares upon conversion of our convertible debentures is essentially limitless. The conversion price of our convertible
debentures is continuously adjustable, which could require us to issue a substantially greater number of shares, which will
cause dilution to our existing stockholders. The following is an example
of the amount of shares of our common stock that are issuable, upon conversion of our 4.75% $100,000 convertible debenture (excluding
accrued interest) issued to Golden State on November 3, 2006, based on the remaining principal balance of $65,095 and market prices
25%, 50% and 75% below the market price as of March 27, 2015 of $0.002. Effective Number % of % Below Price Per Conversion of Shares Outstanding Market Share Price Issuable(1) Stock 25 % $ 0.0015 $ 0.0012 4,114,528,076 1,163 % 50 % $ 0.0010 $ 0.0008 6,172,117,588 1,745 % 75 % $ 0.0005 $ 0.0004 12,344,886,122 3,490 % (1) Shares issuable exclude 18,595 shares
underlying the remaining warrants exercisable at $381.50 per share. As illustrated, the number
of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion of our convertible debentures will increase if the market price of our stock
declines, which will cause dilution to our existing stockholders. The continuously adjustable conversion
price feature of our convertible debentures may encourage investors to make short sales in our common stock, which could have a
depressive effect on the price of our common stock. So long as the market
price of our stock is below $4.00, the issuance of shares in connection with the conversion of the $100,000 convertible debenture
results in the issuance of shares at an effective 20% discount to the trading price of the common stock prior to the conversion.
The significant downward pressure on the price of the common stock as the selling stockholders convert and sell material amounts
of common stock could encourage short sales by investors. This could place further downward pressure on the price of the common
stock. The selling stockholders could sell common stock into the market in anticipation of covering the short sale by converting
their securities, which could cause the further downward pressure on the stock price. In addition, not only the sale of shares
issued upon conversion or exercise of debentures and warrants, but also the mere perception that these sales could occur, may adversely
affect the market price of the common stock. The issuance of shares upon conversion
of the convertible debentures and exercise of outstanding warrants may cause immediate and substantial dilution to our existing
stockholders. The issuance of shares
upon conversion of our convertible debentures and exercise of warrants may result in substantial dilution to the interests of other
stockholders since the selling stockholders may ultimately convert and sell the full amount issuable on conversion. Although Golden
State may not convert its convertible debenture and/or exercise their warrants if such conversion or exercise would cause it to
own more than 9.9% of our outstanding common stock, this restriction does not prevent the selling stockholders from converting
and selling some of their holdings and then converting the rest of their holdings. In this way, assuming the market price remains
at a level acceptable to the selling stockholders, the selling stockholders could continue on a "conversion-sell-conversion"
trend while never holding more than 9.9% of our common stock. Further, under the convertible debenture there is theoretically no
upper limit on the number of shares that may be issued, which will have the effect of further diluting the proportionate equity
interest and voting power of holders of our common stock. 14 If we are unable to issue shares of
common stock upon conversion of the convertible debenture as a result of our inability to increase our authorized shares of common
stock or as a result of any other reason, we are required to pay penalties to Golden State, redeem the convertible debenture at
130% and/or compensate Golden State for any buy-in that it is required to make. If we are unable to issue
shares of common stock upon conversion of the convertible debenture as a result of our inability to increase our authorized shares
of common stock or as a result of any other reason, we are required to: · Pay late payments to Golden State for late issuance of common stock upon conversion of the convertible debenture, in the amount of $100 per business day after the delivery date for each $10,000 of convertible debenture principal amount being converted or redeemed; · In the event we are prohibited from issuing common stock, or fail to timely deliver common stock on a delivery date, or upon the occurrence of an event of default, then at the election of Golden State, we must pay to Golden State a sum of money determined by multiplying up to the outstanding principal amount of the convertible debenture designated by Golden State by 130%, together with accrued but unpaid interest thereon; and · If ten days after the date we are required to deliver common stock to Golden State pursuant to a conversion, Golden State purchases (in an open market transaction or otherwise) shares of common stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by Golden State of the common stock which it anticipated receiving upon such conversion (a "Buy-In"), then we are required to pay in cash to Golden State the amount by which its total purchase price (including brokerage commissions, if any) for the shares of common stock so purchased exceeds the aggregate principal and/or interest amount of the convertible debenture for which such conversion was not timely honored, together with interest thereon at a rate of 15% per annum, accruing until such amount and any accrued interest thereon is paid in full. In the event that we
are required to pay penalties to Golden State or redeem the convertible debentures held by Golden State, we may be required to
curtail or cease our operations. Risks Relating to Our Common Stock : The price of our common stock is volatile
and fluctuations in our operating results and announcements and developments concerning our business affect our stock price, which
may cause investment losses for our stockholders. The market for our common
stock is highly volatile and the trading price of our stock on the OTC Pink Marketplace is subject to wide fluctuations in response
to, among other things, operating results, the number of stockholders desiring to sell their shares, changes in general economic
conditions and the financial markets, the execution of new contracts and the completion of existing agreements and other developments
affecting us. In addition, statements or changes in opinions, ratings, or earnings estimates made by brokerage firms or industry
analysts relating to our market or relating to us could result in an immediate and adverse effect on the market price of our common
stock. The highly volatile nature of our stock price may cause investment losses for our shareholders. In the past, securities
class action litigation has often been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities.
If securities class action litigation is brought against us, such litigation could result in substantial costs while diverting
management’s attention and resources. Our common stock is subject to the "Penny
Stock" rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited, which makes transactions in our stock cumbersome
and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 15 The Securities and Exchange
Commission has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a "penny stock," for the purposes relevant to us,
as any equity security that has a market price of less than $5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share,
subject to certain exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: · That a broker or dealer approve a person's account for transactions in penny stocks; and · The broker or dealer receives from the investor a written agreement to the transaction, setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. In order to approve a
person's account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: · Obtain financial information and investment experience objectives of the person; and · Make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions in penny stocks. The broker or dealer
must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating to the
penny stock market, which, in highlight form: · Sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination; and · That the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers may
be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the "penny stock" rules. This may make it more difficult
for investors to dispose of our common stock and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. Disclosure also has to
be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing
recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority,
Inc. (“FINRA”) sales practice requirements may limit a shareholder’s ability to buy and sell our common stock. In addition to the “penny
stock” rules described above, FINRA has adopted rules that require that in recommending an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer
must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer. Prior to recommending speculative
low priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about
the customer’s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. Under interpretations of these
rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability that speculative low priced securities will not be suitable for at least
some customers. FINRA requirements make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock,
which may limit your ability to buy and sell our stock and have an adverse effect on the market for our shares. Our stock is thinly traded, so you may
be unable to sell your shares at or near the quoted bid prices if you need to sell a significant number of your shares. The shares of our common
stock are thinly-traded on the OTC Pink Marketplace, meaning that the number of persons interested in purchasing our common stock
at or near bid prices at any given time may be relatively small or non-existent. As a consequence, there may be periods
of several days or more when trading activity in our shares is minimal or non-existent, as compared to a seasoned issuer which
has a large and steady volume of trading activity that will generally support continuous sales without an adverse effect on share
price. We cannot give you any assurance that a broader or more active public trading market for our common stock will develop or
be sustained, or that current trading levels will be sustained. Due to these conditions, we can give you no assurance that you
will be able to sell your shares at or near bid prices or at all if you need money or otherwise desire to liquidate your shares. 16 Shares eligible for future sale may
adversely affect the market. From time to time, certain
of our stockholders may be eligible to sell all or some of their shares of common stock by means of ordinary brokerage transactions
in the open market pursuant to Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act, subject to certain limitations. In general, pursuant
to amended Rule 144, non-affiliate stockholders may sell freely after six months subject only to the current public information
requirement. Affiliates may sell after six months subject to the Rule 144 volume, manner of sale (for equity securities), current
public information and notice requirements. Any substantial sales of our common stock pursuant to Rule 144 may have a material
adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. We could issue additional common stock,
which might dilute the book value of our common stock. Our Board of Directors
has authority, without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue all or a part of our authorized but unissued shares. Such stock
issuances could be made at a price that reflects a discount or a premium from the then-current trading price of our common stock.
In addition, in order to raise capital, we may need to issue securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for a significant
amount of our common stock. These issuances would dilute the percentage ownership interest, which would have the effect of reducing
your influence on matters on which our shareholders vote, and might dilute the book value of our common stock. You may incur additional
dilution if holders of stock options, whether currently outstanding or subsequently granted, exercise their options, or if warrant
holders exercise their warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. Our common stock could be further diluted
as the result of the issuance of convertible securities, warrants or options. In the past, we have
issued convertible securities (such as convertible debentures and notes), warrants and options in order to raise money or as compensation
for services and incentive compensation for our employees and directors. We have shares of common stock reserved for issuance upon
the exercise of certain of these securities and may increase the shares reserved for these purposes in the future. Our issuance
of these convertible securities, options and warrants could affect the rights of our stockholders, could reduce the market price
of our common stock or could result in adjustments to exercise prices of outstanding warrants (resulting in these securities becoming
exercisable for, as the case may be, a greater number of shares of our common stock), or could obligate us to issue additional
shares of common stock to certain of our stockholders. We do not intend to pay dividends. We do not anticipate
paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We may not have sufficient funds to legally pay dividends.
Even if funds are legally available to pay dividends, we may nevertheless decide in our sole discretion not to pay dividends. The
declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion of our board of directors, and will depend
upon, among other things, the results of our operations, cash flows and financial condition, operating and capital requirements,
and other factors our board of directors may consider relevant. There is no assurance that we will pay any dividends in the future,
and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance with respect to the amount of any such dividend. If we fail to maintain effective internal
controls over financial reporting, the price of our common stock may be adversely affected. Our internal control
over financial reporting may have weaknesses and conditions that could require correction or remediation, the disclosure of which
may have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. We are required to establish and maintain appropriate internal
controls over financial reporting. Failure to establish those controls, or any failure of those controls once established,
could adversely affect our public disclosures regarding our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. In
addition, management’s assessment of internal controls over financial reporting may identify weaknesses and conditions that
need to be addressed in our internal controls over financial reporting or other matters that may raise concerns for investors. Any
actual or perceived weaknesses and conditions that need to be addressed in our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure
of management’s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting may have an adverse impact on the price of our
common stock. 17 We are required to comply with certain
provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and if we fail to comply in a timely manner, our business could be
harmed and our stock price could decline. Rules adopted by the
SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 require an annual assessment of internal controls over financial
reporting, and for certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer’s independent registered public accounting
firm. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal controls over financial reporting as effective
are evolving and complex, and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We
expect to incur significant expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult
for us to predict how long it will take or how costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting for each year and to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting.
As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment and remediation process on a timely basis. In addition, although
attestation requirements by our independent registered public accounting firm are not presently applicable to us we could become
subject to these requirements in the future and we may encounter problems or delays in completing the implementation of any resulting
changes to internal controls over financial reporting. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial
Officer determine that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict
how regulators will react or how the market prices of our shares will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that
investor confidence and share value may be negatively affected. ITEM 1B