-Claims by others that we infringe their proprietary technology or other rights could harm our business” for additional information. Employees As of December 31, 2014, we had 569 employees in offices in the Americas, EMEA and APAC, of which 227 were engaged in sales and marketing, 219 were engaged in research and development, 82 were engaged in general and administrative functions and 41 were engaged in operations. None of our employees is represented by labor unions, whether in the United States or abroad, and we consider all current employee relations to be good. Corporate Information In March 2006, we incorporated our business in the State of Delaware. Our principal executive offices are located at 330 Gibraltar Drive, Sunnyvale, CA 94089. Our telephone number at that location is (408) 510-6100. Our website address is www.aerohive.com. Information on our website is not part of this prospectus and should not be relied upon in determining whether to invest in our common stock. We are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least $1.0 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) the date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three year period. Website Posting of SEC Filings Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports are available, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practical after they are electronically filed or furnished with the SEC, on our website and can be accessed by clicking on the “Company/Investor Relations” tab. Further, copies of materials filed by us with the SEC may be read and copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, D.C. 20549. Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room can be obtained by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding our filings at www.sec.gov. The contents of our website are not incorporated into, or otherwise to be regarded as a part of, this report or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In evaluating Aerohive and our business, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this report, including our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, operating results, and prospects could be materially harmed. In that event, the price of our common stock could decline, and you could lose part or all of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We have a history of losses and we may not achieve profitability in the future. We have a history of losses. We have never achieved profitability on a quarterly or annual basis, and we do not expect to be profitable for the foreseeable future. We experienced net losses of $24.7 million , $33.2 million and $30.6 million for fiscal year 2012, 2013 and 2014, respectively. As of December 31, 2014 , our accumulated deficit was $150.9 million . We expect to continue to incur operating losses as a result of the expenses associated with the continued development and expansion of our business, including expenditures to hire additional personnel, including personnel relating to sales and marketing, technology development and support. If we fail to increase our revenue and manage our cost structure, we may not achieve or sustain profitability in the future. As a result, our business and prospects would be harmed. We have a limited operating history, which makes it difficult to evaluate our prospects and future financial results and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. We incorporated our business in 2006 and began commercial shipments of our products in 2007. As a result of our limited operating history, it is difficult for us to forecast our future operating results. Our prospects should be considered and evaluated in light of the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by companies with only limited operating histories. These risks and difficulties include challenges in accurate financial planning as a result of limited historical data and the uncertainties resulting from having had a relatively limited time period in which to implement and evaluate our business strategies as compared to more mature companies with longer operating histories. Our operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results in any particular period or over an extended period to fall below expectations of investors or analysts. Our quarterly and annual operating results have fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. In particular, the timing and size of sales of our products and services are highly variable and difficult to predict and can result in significant fluctuations in our revenue from period to period. Other participants in our industry have also experienced these fluctuations. As a result, our future results in any particular period or over any extended period may be difficult for us, our investors and analysts to predict. In addition, our planned expense levels depend in part on our expectations of future revenue. Because any substantial adjustment to expenses to account for lower levels of revenue may be difficult and may take time to implement, we may not be able to reduce our costs sufficiently to compensate for an unexpected shortfall in revenue, and even a small shortfall in revenue could disproportionately and adversely affect our operating margin, operating results and use of cash for a given quarter. We may choose to maintain levels of investment in areas such as R&D, sales and marketing, despite near-term fluctuations in revenue, in order to position us for continued growth. Our operating results may also fluctuate due to a variety of other factors, many of which are outside of our control, and which we may not foresee including the changing and volatile domestic and international economic environments, and demand for our products in general and from any particular vertical which may be a target market for our products, and any of which may cause our stock price to fluctuate. In addition to other risks listed in this “Risk Factors” section, factors that may affect our operating results include: • fluctuations in demand for our products and services, including seasonal variations, especially in the education vertical where purchasing in the United States is typically strongest in the second and third quarters and weakest in the fourth quarter and where purchasing at any time may depend on the availability of funding, including fluctuations based on government sponsored initiatives, including the timing and availability of funding for schools under the FCC’s E-Rate program and the decisions of schools to defer purchases in anticipation of the availability of such funding; • the sequential expansion of our operating performance typically from the first quarter to the second quarter, and our ability to sustain that expansion in subsequent quarters; 10 • our ability to hire, train, develop, integrate and retain a sufficient number of skilled sales and engineering employees to support our continued growth, including internationally; • turn-over of our skilled sales and engineering employees, including internationally; • the complexity, length and associated unpredictability of our sales cycles for our products and services; • changes in end-customers’ budgets for technology purchases and delays in their purchasing decisions and cycles; • technical challenges in end-customer networks, which may be unrelated to our products, which could delay adoption and installation of our products and purchases of our services; • changing market conditions; • changes in the competitive dynamics of our target markets, including new entrants, further consolidation and pricing trends; • variation in sales channels, product costs, prices or the mix of products we sell; • our contract manufacturers’ and component suppliers’ ability to meet our product demand forecasts on time, at acceptable prices, or at all; • our ability to develop and make more productive relationships with our channel partners and our channel partners’ ability to effectively distribute our products; • the timing of our product releases or upgrades by us or by our competitors; • our ability to develop, introduce and ship in a timely manner new products and product enhancements, to support and improve such products after introduction, and to anticipate future market demands that meet our end-customers’ and channel partners’ requirements; • our ability to successfully expand the suite of products we sell and services we offer to existing end-customers and channel partners, to manage the transition of our end-customers to these new products and services and to limit disruption to our end-customers’ ordering practices and the pricing environment for our legacy products and services; • the potential need to record additional inventory reserves for products that may become obsolete or slow moving due to our new product introductions, change in end-customer requirements, new competitive product or service offerings or our over-estimation of demand for such products as of any particular period; • our ability to control costs, including our operating expenses and the costs of the components we purchase while also continuing to invest in sales, marketing, engineering and other activities; • any decision we might make to increase or decrease operating expenses in response to changes in the marketplace or perceived marketplace opportunities; • growth in our headcount, including hiring related to our status as a public company and hiring to support any future growth in our business, especially skilled sales and engineering employees; • volatility in our stock price, which may lead to higher stock compensation expenses or harm our ability to effectively incentivize our employees using stock-based compensation; • our ability to derive benefits from our investments in sales, marketing, engineering or other activities; • our ability to achieve as of any particular period or over time a level of financial performance consistent with the expectations of our investors and industry analysts; and • general economic or political conditions in our domestic and international markets. The effects of these factors individually or in combination could result in unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results, our ability to forecast those results and our ability to achieve those forecasts. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. You should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. This variability and unpredictability could also result in our failing to meet the expectations of our investors or financial analysts for any period. We may release guidance in our quarterly earnings conference call, quarterly earnings releases, or otherwise, based on predictions of management, which are necessarily speculative in nature. Our guidance may vary materially from actual results. For example, on October 13, 2014, we issued a press release announcing our preliminary results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014, which were below our previously stated guidance primarily due to weaker than expected order volume. Similarly, on February 11, 2015, we provided a guidance range for revenue for our first quarter ending March 31, 2015, which range was below the estimates of financial analysts at that time. If our revenue or operating results, or the rate of growth of our revenue or operating results fall, below the expectations of our investors or financial analysts, or below any forecasts or guidance we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the 11 market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met our own or other publicly stated revenue or earnings forecasts. Our failure to meet our own or other publicly stated revenue or earnings forecasts, or even when we meet our own forecasts but fall short or analyst or investor expectations, could cause our stock price to decline and expose us to costly lawsuits, including securities class action suits. Such litigation against us could impose substantial costs and divert of our management’s attention and resources. The seasonality of our business creates significant variance in our quarterly revenue, which makes it difficult to compare or forecast our financial results on a quarter-by-quarter basis. Our revenue fluctuates on a seasonal basis, which affects the comparability of our results between periods. For example, our total revenue has historically increased significantly in the second quarter compared to the first quarter, primarily due to the impact of increased seasonal demand by end-customers in the education vertical, which has historically carried over into our third quarter. We also historically have seen a sequential increase in our fourth quarter from our third quarter total revenue due to end of year spending by enterprise customers. Our total revenue has historically decreased from our fourth quarter to the first quarter of our next fiscal year, also due to seasonal buying patterns and budget cycles within both our education vertical and general enterprise end-customers. Demand in the education vertical tends to be weakest in the fourth quarter. We also historically have seen a sequential increase in end-of-year purchases by enterprise customers in our fourth quarter, which we believe is mainly due to an expectation to complete purchases within their calendar year budget cycle. These seasonal variations are difficult to predict accurately and at times may be entirely unpredictable. For example, we typically experience sequential expansion of our operating performance from the first quarter to the second quarter, which creates execution and delivery challenges in subsequent quarters. Our ability to sustain that expansion in subsequent quarters, particularly in our less developed sales territories, introduces additional risk into our business and our ability accurately to provide our own publicly stated revenue and earnings forecasts. In addition, we rely upon forecasts of end-customer demand to build inventory in advance of anticipated sales. We believe our past growth has, in part, made our seasonal patterns more difficult to discern, making it more difficult to predict future seasonal patterns. Moreover, part of our strategy is to increase our sales in non-education verticals, and if our sales mix changes the seasonal nature of our revenue may change in an unpredictable way, which could increase the volatility of both our financial results and stock price. The market and demand for our products and services may not develop as we expect. The general demand for wireless networking in the industry verticals that we target, or demand for our products in particular, may grow at a slower rate than we anticipate, or not at all. For example, enterprises may rely more heavily upon cellular connectivity, whose speed and convenience may grow rapidly in coming years, while costs decline. The wireless networking radio spectrum may become more crowded, reducing performance of wireless networking devices. Part of our strategy depends upon expanding sales of our cloud-managed wireless networking, switching and routing products to medium and large enterprise headquarters, branch offices and teleworkers. In addition, we intended to develop our next-generation cloud services platform as a basis for data services and data analytic applications. Sales of such products, services and applications to enterprise end-customers typically require long sales cycles and are subject to price sensitivity. Moreover, many potential end-customers in the enterprise market have substantial network expertise and experience, which may require a more costly and sophisticated marketing and sales strategy. If service providers or enterprises find another technology or application platform superior to our cloud-managed platform, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our target end-customers could discontinue use of wireless networking technology, the use of wireless networking-enabled mobile devices could decrease or wireless networking could cease to be the preferred connectivity option for our target markets. As a result, demand for our products, services and applications may not continue to develop as we anticipate, or at all, and the value of our stock could decline. A significant portion of our sales is concentrated in the education vertical, which may cause us to have longer sales cycles, and be subject to program funding constraints. A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated in the education vertical. The majority of our sales in education is concentrated in both public and private K-12 institutions. This vertical is characterized by long sales cycles and often requires additional sales efforts. In addition, this vertical typically operates on limited budgets, and depends on annual budget approvals, which add additional uncertainty to the sales cycle. For example, the U.S. federal government has announced a program whereby it would provide supplemental funding to local school districts in conjunction with its ConnectEd initiative to assist districts to upgrade their technical infrastructure, including Wi-Fi infrastructure. The announced incremental federal funding is significant and would be available over a five-year period, beginning in the second half of 2015. However, this program, its 12 eligibility criteria, the timing and specific amount of federal funding actually available and which Wi-Fi infrastructure and product sectors will benefit, are uncertain and still subject to final federal program guidelines and funding appropriation. Corresponding funding appropriation by respective states and local districts is also uncertain, and even upon such appropriation local districts must still then submit and have approved applications consistent with the final timing and eligibility requirements of the federal program. We also believe that the prospect of future federal funding has caused some K-12 institutions to delay or defer near-term transactions to purchase our products. For example, we believe that the availability of federal funding later in 2015 under the ConnectEd program caused some K-12 institutions to defer to later in 2015 spending decisions we typically would see in the first and second quarters of 2015, which has impacted our revenue forecasts and created greater uncertainty regarding our operating performance for these periods. These are specific examples of the many factors which add additional uncertainty to our future revenue from our education end-customers. Our sales cycles often require significant time, effort and investment and are subject to risks beyond our control. Our sales efforts can take several quarters, and involve educating our potential customers about the applications and benefits of our products, including the technical capabilities of our products and associated applications and services, and recruiting and developing our channel partners. In our newly developing sales territories we have experienced slower than expected sales growth. As a result we are increasing our investment in these developing territories, which may take significant time and effort in order to realize growth. Sales to the education vertical are an important sales channel for us, and can involve an extended sales cycle. In addition, sales to our enterprise customers may involve an extended sales cycle, and often initial purchases are small. Purchases of our products are also frequently subject to our end-customers’ budget constraints, multiple approvals, unplanned administrative processing and other risks and delays. Moreover, the evolving nature of the market may lead prospective end-customers to postpone their purchasing decisions pending resolution of wireless networking or other standards, or wait for adoption of technology developed by others. In addition, we pay our sales staff commissions upon receiving orders; however, we typically recognize revenue on products only after the products are shipped to end-customers, or until certain other terms of sales are satisfied. As a result, the cost of obtaining sales, including paying sales commissions, may occur in a fiscal period prior to the fiscal period in which we may recognize revenue from a sale, which may cause additional fluctuations in our operating results from quarter to quarter. We need to develop new products and continue to make enhancements to our existing products to remain competitive in a rapidly changing market. The technology and end-customer demands in the wireless networking market change rapidly, which require us to continuously develop and release new products and product features and associated applications and services. We must continuously anticipate and adapt to our end-customers’ needs and market trends, and continue to develop or acquire new products, applications and services that meet market demands, technology trends and regulatory requirements. If our competitors introduce new products, applications and services that compete with ours, we may be required to reposition our product offerings or introduce new products in response to such competitive pressure. If we fail to develop new products, product enhancements applications or services, or fail to effectively manage the transition of our end-customers to these new products, applications or services, or our end-customers or potential end-customers do not perceive our products, applications or services to have compelling technical advantages, our business and prospects could be adversely affected, particularly if our competitors are able to introduce solutions with increased functionality. Developing our products is challenging and involves substantial commitment of resources and significant development risk. Each phase in our product development presents serious risks of failure, rework or delay, any one of which could impact the timing and cost-effective development of products, and each of which could affect our ability to take advantage of a business opportunity or could jeopardize end-customer acceptance of the product. We have experienced in the past and may in the future experience design, manufacturing, marketing and other difficulties that could delay or prevent the development, introduction or marketing of new products and enhancements. For example, we are currently developing the next versions of our Wi-Fi hardware, cloud services platform, cloud-delivered network management applications, on-premises network management appliance, as well as supporting data structures, analytics, and APIs. Each of these is a complex technical undertaking. In addition, the introduction of new or enhanced products requires that we carefully manage the transition from older products to minimize disruption in customer ordering practices, and ensure that new products can be timely delivered to meet our end-customers’ demand and to limit inventory obsolescence. Further, after delivery of new products, we may identify and must timely address performance issues as the products are used in the field. If we do not carefully manage the timing of our new products or product feature releases, and effectively support the new products and product feature releases, we could interfere with our end-customers’ continued purchases of our legacy product offerings and disrupt the pricing environment for our new and legacy products, which could drive down our revenues and operating margins. As a result, we may not be successful in modifying our current products or introducing new products in a timely or appropriately responsive manner, or at all. If we fail to address these changes successfully, our business and operating results and prospects would be materially harmed. In addition, a substantial portion of our research and development efforts is located in Hangzhou, China, subjecting us 13 to risks associated with international development efforts, including increased difficulty overseeing such operations, local, national and international instability, differing labor laws, our ability to protect and prevent competitive misuse of product development efforts, including intellectual property critical to our business, and our ability to train, develop and retain our key personnel. Our gross margin will vary over time and may decline in the future. Our gross margin will vary over time, may be difficult to predict and may decline in future periods. Our gross margins also vary across our product lines and, therefore, a change in the mix of products our end-customers purchase would likely have a significant impact on our gross margins. For example, certain of our lower-end products currently have higher margins than our higher-end products. We may face additional competition for these products, either by introduction of new products by new or existing competitors, or by our end-customers using lower priced products, including our own, which are becoming increasingly more sophisticated. The exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to foreign currencies has strengthened significantly of late, which could require us to reduce pricing for our products outside the U.S. in order to maintain sales and revenue performance, but at lower gross margins for those products. In addition, the market for wireless networking products is characterized by rapid innovation and declining average sales prices as products mature in the market place. Even if we are successful in launching new products, competition may continue to increase in the market segments in which we compete, which would likely result in increased pricing competition. To retain our average margins, we are required to continuously update our products and introduce new products and reduce our manufacturing and sales-related costs and expenses, and we could fail to accomplish this. In addition, the sales prices for our products and services may decline for a variety of reasons, including sales strategy, competitive pricing pressures, customer demand, discounts, a change in our mix of products and services, including seasonal changes in our end-customers’ ordering practices, anticipation of the introduction of new products or services and decisions by end-customers to defer purchases, or promotional programs. For example, we may introduce new products or offerings at lower price points than competitive offerings or our own legacy offerings to help drive the adoption of our new products and this may adversely affect our revenues and operating margins. Larger competitors with more diverse product and service offerings may reduce the price of products or services that compete with ours or may bundle them with other products and services. If we do not similarly reduce our product manufacturing costs, our margins will decline. Any decline in our gross margins could have an adverse impact on the value of our common stock. As a result of being a public company, we need to further develop and maintain our internal control over financial reporting. If our internal control over financial reporting is not effective, it may adversely affect investor confidence in our company. We will be required, pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to furnish a report by management on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. We are currently compiling the system and processing documentation necessary to perform the evaluation needed to comply with Section 404. We may not be able to complete our evaluation, testing and any required remediation in a timely fashion. During the evaluation and testing process, if we identify one or more material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we will be unable to assert that our internal controls are effective. For example, in connection with the audit of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2012, we identified a material weakness as a result of certain post-closing adjustments with respect to the lack of precision of certain accrued expenses and assessment of our warranty, allowance for bad debt and sales return reserves, and relating to our lack of sufficient personnel in our accounting and financial reporting functions with sufficient experience and expertise with respect to the application of U.S. GAAP and related financial reporting. In connection with the audit of our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2013, we identified two significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our reliance on incomplete financial information received from one of our distributors and the lack of sufficient precision with respect to certain review-type controls in the financial close and reporting process. While we believe we successfully remediated the material weaknesses and control deficiencies we cannot be certain that similar or other material weaknesses or control deficiencies will not be discovered in the future. If our remediation efforts are not successful or other material weaknesses or control deficiencies occur in the future, we may be unable to report our financial 14 results accurately or on a timely basis, which could cause our reported financial results to be materially misstated and result in the loss of investor confidence or delisting and cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. If we are unable to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls when it is required to do so by the applicable rules, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, which could cause the price of our common stock to decline, and we may be subject to investigation or sanctions by the SEC. We will be required to disclose changes made in our internal control and procedures on a quarterly basis. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, we may need to undertake various actions, such as implementing new internal controls and procedures and hiring accounting or internal audit staff. Our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” as defined by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Our remediation efforts may not enable us to avoid a material weakness in the future. Our products utilize cloud-managed solutions, and our future growth relies in significant part in continued demand for cloud-managed solutions and our ability to develop and deliver such services. Most of our end-customers utilize our cloud-managed networking platform to access our applications through the Internet, rather than access our application through a physical device that our end-customers host on their premises. As our business grows, we must increase the capacity of our cloud-managed solutions and continue to develop new and innovative solutions that meet the needs of our end-customers. Demand for our cloud-managed solutions could decline if we are not able to offer sufficient capacity, or if confidence in the security of cloud-managed solutions in general, or our platform in particular were to decline. In addition, a significant feature of our platform will be the ability to collect and analyze user data through applications specific to particular industry vertical and use cases. Regulatory changes relating to the use of end-customer data, including privacy requirements, or shifting societal norms regarding data privacy and security, could affect market demand for, and our ability to deploy, our platform. Moreover, although our end-customers do not immediately lose functionality if cloud-connectivity fails, if our ability to deliver services through the cloud were interrupted for an extended period, our reputation could be damaged and confidence in our platform would likely decline, causing our revenue to decline. We plan to target new industry verticals and geographies to diversify our end-customer base and expand our channel relationships, which could result in higher research and development and sales and marketing expenses, and if unsuccessful could reduce our operating margin. Part of our strategy is to target new industry verticals and geographies. Currently, we focus a significant portion of our business on the education and retail verticals, which may depend on developing new products targeted to such sectors. In addition, we also plan to continue to expand to additional countries beyond those in which we currently operate. We also intend to develop new channel relationships to reach additional end-customers to further diversify our revenue base. Targeting new industry verticals and geographies and developing customized products and partnerships, including our channel partners, targeted to these industry verticals and geographies may be expensive, require us to attract, train, develop, integrate and retain qualified employees and key sales personnel, and increase our research and development costs, as well as our sales and marketing expenditures. We must also further develop and make more productive relationships with our channel partners and our channel partners’ ability to effectively distribute our products. We do not know if we will be successful in any of these efforts, or whether the level of success we achieve will justify the additional spending required. Our operating margin would be harmed if our strategy is unsuccessful, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock. We base our inventory purchasing decisions on our forecasts of customers’ demand, and if these forecasts are inaccurate our revenue, gross margin and liquidity could be harmed. We place orders with our manufacturers based on our forecasts of our end-customers’ and channel partners’ demand. Our forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, including sales forecasts, each of which may cause our estimates to be inaccurate, affecting our ability to fulfill demand for our products. When demand for our products increases significantly, we may not be able to meet demand on a timely basis, or we may incur additional costs. If we underestimate demand, we may forego revenue opportunities, lose market share and damage our reputation and our relationship with our channel partners and our end-customer relationships. Conversely, if we overestimate demand, we may purchase more inventory than we are able to sell at any given time, or at all, which would increase our reserves and risk of potential write-offs. 15 Our value-added distributors stock inventory of our products, and are entitled to limited stock rotation rights, which could cause us to accept the return of products and expose us to the risks of higher costs. We grant our value-added distributors, or VADs, limited stock rotation rights. These stock rotation rights require us to accept stock back from a VAD’s inventory. Typically, a VAD may return discontinued products purchased within the past 90 days, while the VAD’s right to return non-discontinued products is limited to a percentage of products sold to a VAD within the past 90 days. In each case, the VAD is required to purchase replacement product equal to the price of the returned product. Although we only recognize revenue upon shipment to the end-customer, if we are required to accept returns of obsolete or slower moving inventory, our costs would increase and our operating results could be harmed. If our forecasts were inaccurate we could have higher costs, lower revenue or otherwise suffer adverse financial consequences, including holding obsolete or slower moving inventory. We outsource the manufacturing of our products to third parties, and we therefore do not have the ability to completely control quality over the manufacturing process. In addition, if our contract manufacturers refuse or are unable to manufacturer our products, we may be unable to qualify new manufacturers in a timely manner, which would result in our being unable to sell our products. We outsource the manufacturing of our products to third-party original design manufacturers located in China and Taiwan. Finished products are then shipped to a warehousing and delivery logistics center in California, where we perform quality inspection, conduct reliability testing and manage our inventory. We operate this logistics center currently for all end-customer shipments, whether destined to locations in North, South and Central America, or the Americas, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, or EMEA, or Asia Pacific and Japan, or APAC. Our reliance on these third-party manufacturers reduces our control over the manufacturing process and exposes us to risks, including reduced control over quality assurance, product costs, product supply and timing. Any manufacturing or shipping disruption by these third parties could severely impair our ability to fulfill orders. We believe that the lack of availability of this product impacted our sales cycle by stalling potential end-customer evaluations and distracting sales personnel. If we are unable to manage our relationships with these third parties effectively, or if these third parties suffer delays or disruptions for any reason, experience increased manufacturing lead-times, capacity constraints or quality control problems in their manufacturing operations, or fail to meet our future requirements for timely delivery, our ability to ship products to our end-customers would be severely impaired and our reputation and our relationship with our VADs and end-customers would be seriously harmed. Additionally, labor unrest or disruption to trade or the expected movement of our product could delay delivery of our products by third parties, or by us to our channel partners and end-customers, which could significantly delay revenue or increase our costs significantly and in ways we cannot currently anticipate. Any natural disaster, political instability, labor disruption or foreign relationship crisis could also disrupt these relationships or delay delivery of our products. We do not have long-term agreements with certain of our original design manufacturers. These manufacturers typically fulfill our supply requirements on the basis of individual orders. We also do not have long-term contracts with our third-party manufacturers that guarantee capacity, the continuation of particular pricing terms or the extension of credit limits. Accordingly, our third-party manufacturers are not obligated to continue to fulfill our supply requirements, which could result on short notice to us of supply shortages and increases in the prices we are charged for manufacturing services. In addition, as a result of global financial market conditions, natural disasters, labor disruption or other causes, it is possible that any of our manufacturers could experience interruptions in production, cease operations or alter our current arrangements. If our manufacturers are unable or unwilling to continue manufacturing our products in required volumes, we will be required to identify one or more acceptable alternative manufacturers. It is time-consuming and costly, and could be impractical, to begin to use new manufacturers, and changes in our third-party manufacturers may cause significant interruptions in supply if the new manufacturers have difficulty manufacturing products to our specification. We currently are consolidating our manufacturing and re-negotiating key contractual relationships. As a result, our ability to meet our scheduled product deliveries to our end-customers could be adversely affected, which could cause the loss of sales to existing or potential end-customers, delayed revenue or an increase in our costs. We also do not currently require all our manufacturers to maintain and demonstrate robust disaster recovery capabilities. Any production interruptions for any reason, such as a due to contractual disagreements, natural disaster, epidemic, capacity shortages or quality problems, at one of our manufacturers would negatively affect sales of our product lines manufactured by that manufacturer and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our manufacturing partners purchase component parts for our products based on estimates we provide, which may not be accurate. In addition, our manufacturing partners purchase some of the components and technologies used in our products from a single source or a limited number of sources. If our estimates were to be inaccurate, or if our manufacturing 16 partners were to lose any of these sources as suppliers, we might incur additional transition costs, resulting in delays in the manufacturing and delivery of our products, excess or obsolete inventory, or the need to redesign our products. Our manufacturing partners procure components and assemble our products based on our demand forecasts, which represent our estimates of future demand for our products. We base these estimates upon historical trends and the assessment of our sales and product management functions of end-customer demand and overall market conditions. Our manufacturing partners source the component parts within our products. We do not contract directly and do not have manufacturing contracts that guarantee us any fixed access to such component parts, or at specific pricing. This absence of direct and long-term component supply contracts may increase our exposure to shortages of component availability and to price fluctuations related to the raw material inputs for such components. Moreover, we currently depend on a single source or limited number of sources for several components for our products. For example, each of our products typically incorporates third-party components that have no more than two suppliers, and if our manufacturing partners were unable to obtain such components for any reason, they would be unable to manufacture such product. We have also entered into license agreements with some of our suppliers for technologies used in our products, and the termination of these agreements, which can generally be done on relatively short notice, could have a material adverse effect on our business. If any of those manufacturing agreements were terminated, we could experience significant supply disruptions and be required to redesign some of our products in order to incorporate technology from alternative sources, and any such termination of the agreement, disruption in supply and redesign of certain of our products could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Because there are no other sources currently identified and qualified for certain of our components, if we lost any of these suppliers or licenses, we could be required to transition to a new supplier or licensor, which could increase our costs, result in delays in the manufacturing and delivery and increase in the cost of our products or cause us to carry excess or obsolete inventory. Poor quality in any of the sole-sourced components in our products could also result in lost sales or lost sales opportunities. If the quality of the components does not meet our or our end-customers’ requirements, if we are unable to obtain components from our existing suppliers on commercially reasonable terms, or if any of our sole-source component suppliers ceases to remain in business or to continue to manufacture such components, we could be required to redesign our products in order to incorporate components or technologies from alternative sources. The resulting stoppage or delay in selling our products and the expense of redesigning our products could result in significant manufacturing and development costs, delayed or lost sales opportunities and damage to customer relationships, which would adversely affect our reputation, business and operating results. We rely upon third parties for the warehousing and delivery of our products, and we therefore have less control over these functions than we otherwise would. We outsource the warehousing and delivery of all of our products to a third-party logistics provider for worldwide fulfillment. As a result of relying on a third party, we have reduced control over shipping and logistics, and may be subject to shipping disruptions. If we are unable to have our products shipped in a timely manner, we may suffer reputational harm, and lose revenue. We rely significantly on channel partners to sell and support our products, and the failure of this channel to be effective could materially reduce our revenue. As of December 31, 2014 , we had 680 channel partners under contract with which we have direct relationships, through which we make virtually all of our sales. As of December 31, 2013, we had over 600 channel partners. These channel partners consist of VADs, and value-added resellers, or VARs. We believe that establishing and maintaining successful relationships with these channel partners is, and will continue to be, important to our financial success. Recruiting and retaining qualified channel partners and training them in our technology and product offerings require significant time and resources. Additionally, we need to recruit and develop different qualified channel partners for different geographic regions and markets. To develop and expand our channel, we must continue to scale and improve our processes and procedures that support our channel partners, including investment in systems and training. Additionally, we will increasingly focus our resources and attention on those channel partners best able to help us meet our growth expectations. As a result, the total number of our channel partners may over time not maintain current growth rates or even decline. Existing and future channel partners will only work with us if we are able to provide them with competitive products on terms that are attractive to them. If we fail to maintain the quality of our products or to update and enhance them, and at reasonable pricing, existing and future channel partners may elect to work instead with one or more of our competitors. We sell to our channel partners typically under a contract with an initial term of one year, with one-year renewal terms based on compliance with our program requirements. Our contracts generally require payment by the channel partner to us 17 within 30 to 45 calendar days of the date we issue an invoice for such sales. We typically do not have minimum purchase commitments with our channel partners, and our contracts with channel partners do not prohibit them from offering products or services that compete with ours, including products they currently offer or may develop in the future and incorporate into their own systems. Some of our competitors may have stronger relationships with our channel partners than we do and we have limited control, if any, as to whether those partners use our products, rather than our competitors’ products, or whether they devote resources to market and support our competitors’ products, rather than our offerings. The reduction in or loss by these channel partners of sales of our products could materially reduce our revenue. If we fail to maintain relationships with our channel partners, fail to develop new relationships with other channel partners, including in new markets, fail to manage, train or incentivize existing channel partners effectively, fail to provide channel partners with competitive products on attractive terms, or if these channel partners are not successful in their sales efforts, our revenue may decrease and our operating results could suffer. We may not successfully sell our products in new geographic regions or develop and manage new sales channels in accordance with our business plan. We expect to continue to sell our products in new geographic markets where we do not have significant current business as well as to a broader customer base. To succeed in certain of these markets, we will need to develop and manage new sales channels and distribution arrangements, and attract, hire, train and retain new sales personnel with relevant channel and distribution experience. In the past we have seen slower than expected growth in new sales territories. Because we have limited experience in developing and managing such channels, we may not be successful in further penetrating certain geographic regions or reaching a broader customer base. Failure to develop or manage additional sales channels effectively would limit our ability to succeed in these markets and could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. Our products are subject to U.S. export controls; where we fail to comply with these laws, we could suffer monetary or other penalties. Our products are subject to U.S. export controls, specifically the Export Administration Regulations, and economic sanctions enforced by the Office of Foreign Assets Control. We incorporate standard encryption algorithms into our products, which, along with the underlying technology, may be exported outside of the United States only with the required export authorizations, including by license, license exception or other appropriate government authorizations. Each of these authorizations may require the filing of an encryption registration and classification request. Furthermore, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. We take precautions to prevent our products and services from being exported in violation of these laws. However, in certain instances, we have shipped encryption products prior to obtaining the required export authorizations and/or submitting the required requests, including a classification request and request for an encryption registration number. As a result, we previously filed a Voluntary Self Disclosure with the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security concerning these violations. A repeat of these past instances could result in monetary penalties or other penalties assessed against us. Additionally, even though we take precautions to ensure that our channel partners comply with all relevant regulations, any failure by our channel partners to comply with such regulations could have negative consequences for us, including reputational harm, government investigations and penalties. See “Business-Legal Proceedings-Export Compliance.” Furthermore, various countries regulate the import of certain encryption technology and operation of our products, including through import permitting, certification and licensing requirements, and have enacted laws that could limit our ability to distribute our products, could limit our end-customers’ ability to operate our products in those countries, or could impose additional expense on us to meet these requirements as a condition to distribute our products. Encryption products and the underlying technology may also be subject to export control restrictions. Governmental regulation of encryption technology and regulation of imports or exports of encryption products, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our products when applicable, could harm our international sales and adversely affect our revenue. Compliance with applicable regulatory laws and regulations regarding the export of our products, including with respect to new releases of our products, may create delays in the introduction of our products in international markets, prevent our end-customers with international operations from deploying our products throughout their globally distributed systems or, in some cases, prevent the export of our products to some countries altogether. In addition, because our sales are made through channel partners, if these channel partners fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or authorizations, we may also be adversely affected. Obtaining the necessary authorizations, including any required license, for a particular sale may be time-consuming, is not guaranteed and may result in the delay or loss of sales opportunities. Changes in our products or changes in applicable export or import laws and regulations may also create delays in the introduction and sale of our products in international markets, prevent our end-customers with international operations from deploying our products or, in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain 18 countries, governments or persons altogether. Any change in export or import laws and regulations, shift in the enforcement or scope of existing laws and regulations, or change in the countries, governments, persons or technologies targeted by such laws and regulations, could also result in decreased use of our products, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to existing or potential end-customers with international operations. Any decreased use of our products or limitation on our ability to export or sell our products could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of our operations. U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions programs also prohibit the shipment of certain products and services to countries, governments and persons that are subject to U.S. economic embargoes and trade sanctions. If we or our channel partners ship products to those targets or third-parties provide our products to these targets, we could be subject to government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. Furthermore, any new embargo or sanctions program, or any change in the countries, governments, persons or activities targeted by such programs, could result in decreased use of our products, or in our decreased ability to export or sell our products to existing or potential end-customers, which could adversely affect our business and our financial condition. Regulations related to conflict minerals may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the costs of certain metals used in the manufacturing of our products. As a public company, we are subject to the requirements under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, that require us to diligence, disclose and report whether our products contain conflict minerals. Our first report is due June 1, 2015. The implementation of these requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability and pricing of the materials used in the manufacture of components used in our products. In addition, we have included additional costs to comply with the disclosure requirements, including costs related to conducting diligence procedures to determine the sources of conflict minerals that may be used in or necessary to the production of our products and, if applicable, potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities and expect to incur additional costs in the future to comply with these disclosure requirements. It is also possible that we may face reputational harm if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict-free or if we are unable to alter our products, processes or sources of supply to avoid use of such materials. Our products incorporate complex technology and may contain defects or errors. We may become subject to warranty claims, product returns, product liability and product recalls as a result, any of which could cause harm to our reputation, impose costs and increase expenses, expose us to liability and adversely affect our business. Our products incorporate complex technology and must support a wide variety of devices and new and complex applications in a variety of environments that use different wireless networking communication industry standards. Our products have contained, and may contain in the future, undetected defects or errors or may not perform as we expect in certain environments. Some errors in our products have been and may in the future only be discovered after a product has been installed and used by end-customers. These issues are most prevalent when we introduce new products into the market. We have delayed and may in the future delay the introduction of our new products due to such defects and errors. Since our products contain components that we purchase from third parties, we also expect our products to contain latent defects and errors from time to time related to those third-party components. Defects and errors may also cause our products to be vulnerable to security attacks. The techniques used by computer hackers to access or sabotage networks are becoming increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and generally are not recognized until after they have been launched against a target. Accordingly, our products and third-party security products may be unable to anticipate these techniques or provide a solution in time to protect our end-customers’ networks. In addition, we might not be able to timely develop and provide updated products and software to our end-customers, thereby leaving our end-customers vulnerable to attacks. Finally, if our employees, or others who have access to end-customer data, were to misuse this information, our reputation would be harmed and we could be subject to claims for damages. Real or perceived defects or errors in our products could result in claims to return product or that we reimburse losses that our end-customers sustain and we may be required, or may choose for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem, including incurring additional warranty and repair costs, process management costs and costs associated with remanufacturing our inventory. We typically offer a limited warranty on our access points for a period of five years from the date we discontinue sale of the product. We typically offer a limited warranty on our other hardware products for a one-year period. We also provide certain service commitment guarantees for our cloud-managed platform, pursuant to which our end-customers may receive service credits in connection with service outages. Liability limitations in our standard terms and conditions of sale may not be enforceable under some circumstances or may not fully or effectively protect us from claims and related liabilities and costs. In addition, regardless of the party at fault, we may choose to correct errors of these kinds which would divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts, damage our reputation and the reputation of our products, cause significant customer relations problems and can result 19 in product liability claims. We do not maintain insurance which would adequately protect against certain of these types of claims associated with the use of our products. Even where claims ultimately are unsuccessful we may have to expend funds in connection with litigation and divert management’s time and other resources. We also may incur costs and expenses relating to a recall of one or more of our products. The process of identifying and recalling products that have been widely distributed may be lengthy and require significant resources, and we may incur significant replacement costs, contract damage claims from our end-customers and channel partners and significant harm to our reputation. The occurrence of any of these problems could result in the delay or loss of market acceptance of our products and could adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. The loss of key personnel or an inability to attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel may impair our ability to expand our business. Our success is substantially dependent upon the continued service and performance of our senior management team and other key personnel, including David K. Flynn, who is our Chief Executive Officer, Gordon C. Brooks, who is our Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Efstathios Papaefstathiou, who is our Senior Vice President, Engineering, David Greene, who is our Senior Vice President, Chief Marketing Officer, and Raphael Gernez, who is our Senior Vice President, Operations. Our employees, including our senior management team, are at-will employees, and therefore may terminate employment with us at any time with no advance notice. For example, on February 25, 2015, we announced the departure of Dean Hickman-Smith, who was our Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations, and that we were undertaking a search for his replacement. The loss of any members of our senior management team or other key personnel, or the failure to attract replacement personnel, as needed, could have a materially adverse effect on our operations and could lead to higher labor costs, and involve significant time and costs in finding replacements, and potentially the use of less-qualified personnel. This may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives. In addition, if any of our executives or other key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, we could lose customers, suppliers, know-how and key personnel. Our future success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, integrate and retain highly skilled personnel, especially skilled sales and engineering employees. Recently we have experienced higher than normal turn-over, which could have an adverse effect on our revenue. Competition for highly skilled personnel is frequently intense, especially in Silicon Valley, where we maintain our headquarters and a substantial operating and sales presence, and Hangzhou China, where we maintain our principal research presence and need for highly skilled product development and engineering personnel. Volatility or lack of performance in our stock price may also affect our ability to attract and retain our key employees. Many of our employees have become, or will soon become, vested in a substantial amount of stock or number of stock options. Our employees may be more likely to leave us if the shares they own or the shares underlying their vested options have significantly appreciated in value relative to the original purchase prices of the shares or the exercise prices of the options, or if the exercise prices of the options that they hold are significantly above the market price of our common stock. Further, our employees’ ability to exercise those options and sell their stock in a public market may result in a higher than normal turnover rate. The lack of performance in our stock price may affect our ability to attract new employees or retain existing employees by decreasing the perceived value of any stock-based compensation we may offer or they may hold. Prolonged periods of low performance or volatility in our stock price could negatively impact our appeal as an employer, harm employee morale or increase employee turnover, including amongst our China and Silicon Valley-based employees. Any failure to successfully attract, integrate or retain qualified personnel to fulfill our current or future needs may negatively impact our growth. Also, to the extent we hire personnel from our competitors, we may be subject to allegations that these new hires have been improperly solicited, or that they have divulged to us proprietary or other confidential information of their former employers, or that their former employers own their inventions or other work product. Our ability to sell our products is highly dependent on the quality of our support offerings, and our failure to offer high quality support would have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. Once our products are deployed, our end-customers depend on our support organization and support provided by our channel partners to resolve any issues relating to our products. Our support delivery organization comprises employees in various geographic locations and an outside service provider, which provides more general support delivery. A high level of support is important for the successful marketing and sale of our products. If we do not effectively help our end-customers quickly resolve issues or provide effective ongoing support, it would adversely affect our ability to sell our products to existing end-customers and could harm our reputation with potential end-customers. 20 If our products do not interoperate with cellular networks and mobile devices, future sales of our products could be negatively affected. Our products are designed to interoperate with cellular networks and mobile devices using wireless networking technology. These networks and devices have varied and complex specifications. To meet these requirements, we must continue to undertake development and testing efforts that require significant capital and employee resources. We may not accomplish these development efforts quickly or cost-effectively, or at all. If our products do not interoperate effectively, orders for our products could be delayed or cancelled, which would harm our revenue, gross margins and our reputation, potentially resulting in the loss of existing and potential end-customers. The failure of our products to interoperate effectively with cellular networks or mobile devices may result in significant warranty, support and repair costs, divert the attention of our engineering personnel from our product development efforts and cause significant customer and end-customer relations problems. In addition, our end-customers may require our products to comply with new and rapidly evolving security or other certifications and standards. If our products are late in achieving or fail to achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, or our competitors achieve compliance with these certifications and standards, such end-customers may not choose to purchase our products, which would harm our business, operating results and financial condition. We are subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and other matters and violations of these complex and dynamic laws, rules and regulations may result in claims, changes to our business practices, monetary penalties, increased costs of operations, and/or other harms to our business. A wide variety of provincial, state, national and international laws and regulations apply to the collection, use, retention, protection, disclosure, transfer and other processing of data, including personal data. Foreign data protection, privacy and other laws and regulations are often more restrictive than those in the United States. These data protection and privacy-related laws and regulations are evolving, can be subject to significant change and may result in ever-increasing regulatory and public scrutiny and escalating levels of enforcement and sanctions. The European Union, for example, has adopted various directives regulating data privacy and security and the transmission of content using the Internet involving European Union residents, including those directives known as the Data Protection Directive, the E-Privacy Directive, and the Privacy and Electronic Communications Directive. The European Union may adopt similar directives in the future. The European Commission is considering a data protection regulation that may include operational requirements for companies that receive personal data that differ from than those currently in effect in the European Union, and that may also include significant and increased penalties for non-compliance. Further, some countries are considering legislation requiring local storage and processing of data that, if enacted, could increase the cost and complexity of selling our solutions or maintaining our business operations in those jurisdictions. The introduction of new solutions or expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions may subject us to additional laws and regulations. In addition, the application and interpretation of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate, and these laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from country to country and inconsistently with our current policies and practices and may be contradictory with each other. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in enforcement actions against us, including fines, imprisonment of company officials and public censure, claims for damages by end-customers and other affected individuals, fines or demands that we modify or cease existing practices, damage to our reputation and loss of goodwill (both in relation to existing and prospective end-customers), any of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial performance and business. Such actions against our partners, including third-party providers of data analytics services, could also affect our operating performance, including demand for our products and cloud-managed solutions. Additionally, there is a risk that failures in systems designed to protect private, personal or proprietary data held by us will allow such data to be disclosed to or seen by others, resulting in potential regulatory investigations, enforcement actions, or penalties, remediation obligations and/or private litigation by parties whose data were improperly disclosed. There is also a risk that we could be found to have failed to comply with U.S. or foreign laws or regulations regarding the collection, consent, handling, transfer, or disposal of such privacy, personal or proprietary data, which could subject us to fines or other sanctions, as well as adverse reputational impact. Evolving and changing privacy laws and regulations, including evolving and changing definitions of personal data and personal information, within the European Union, the United States and elsewhere, especially relating to classification of IP addresses, MAC addresses, machine identification, location data and other information, may limit or inhibit our ability to operate or expand our business, including limiting our product development and strategic partnerships that may involve the collection, sharing and use of end-user data. Even the perception of privacy concerns, failures to secure data, or inadequate data protection, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and inhibit adoption of our products, applications and services by current and future end-customers. 21 Our international operations expose us to additional business risks and failure to manage these risks may adversely affect our international revenue. We derive a significant portion of our revenue from end-customers and channel partners outside the United States. For the year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we attributed 40% and 39% of our revenue to our international end-customers and channel partners. As of December 31, 2014 , approximately 45% of our full-time employees were located outside of North America, with 30% located in China. We expect that our international activities will be dynamic over the foreseeable future as we continue to pursue opportunities in international markets, which will require significant management attention and financial resources. Therefore, we are subject to risks associated with having significant worldwide operations, such as compliance with anticorruption laws. International operations are subject to other inherent risks and our future results could be adversely affected by a number of factors, including: • tariffs and trade barriers, export regulations and other regulatory or contractual limitations, such as import, technical and other certification requirements, on our ability to sell or develop our products in certain foreign markets; • requirements or preferences for domestic products, which could reduce demand for our products; • differing technical standards, existing or future regulatory and certification requirements and required product features and functionality; • management communication and integration problems related to entering new markets with different languages, cultures and political systems; • difficulties in enforcing contracts and collecting accounts receivable, and longer payment cycles, especially in emerging markets; • heightened risks of unfair or corrupt business practices in certain geographies and of improper or fraudulent sales arrangements that may impact financial results and result in restatements of, and irregularities in, financial statements; • difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations, and retaining key personnel; • differing labor standards; • the uncertainty of protection for our intellectual property rights and the enforceability of our rights and third-party rights in some countries; • potentially adverse tax consequences, including regulatory requirements regarding our ability to repatriate profits to the United States; • added legal compliance obligations and complexity, including complying with varying local labor, compensation and tax and securities law as well as specific and evolving local requirements regarding data access and privacy; • foreign currency exchange risk; • the increased cost of terminating employees in some countries; and • political and economic instability and terrorism. One such applicable anticorruption law is the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, which generally prohibits U.S. companies and their employees and intermediaries from making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of directing, obtaining or keeping business, and requires companies to maintain accurate books and records and a system of internal accounting controls. Under the FCPA, U.S. companies may be held liable for the corrupt actions taken by employees, strategic or local partners, or other representatives. As such, if we or our intermediaries fail to comply with the requirements of the FCPA or similar legislation, governmental authorities in the United States and elsewhere could seek to impose civil or criminal fines and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial conditions. While our employee handbook prohibits our employees from engaging in corrupt conduct, we are in the process of developing and enhancing our compliance measures to require both our employees and our third-party intermediaries to comply with the FCPA and similar anticorruption laws. To the extent we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in large part, on our ability to anticipate and manage effectively these and other risks associated with our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and reduce our international sales, adversely affecting our business, operating results and financial condition. 22 Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations in emerging markets, including Asia Pacific, the Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. However, some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. In many countries outside of the United States, particularly those with emerging economies, it may be common for others to engage in business practices prohibited by laws and regulations with extraterritorial reach, such as the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act, or local anti-bribery laws. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees, contractors or agents from making improper payments to government officials, including in connection with obtaining permits or engaging in other actions necessary to do business. Failure to comply with these laws could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Establishing operations and distribution partners in these emerging markets may require complex legal arrangements and operations to deliver services on global contracts for our end-customers. Because of our limited experience with international operations and developing and managing sales and distribution channels in international markets, our international expansion efforts may not be successful. Additionally, we have established operations in locations remote from our more developed business centers. As a result, we are subject to heightened risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including the following: • failure to comply with local regulations or restrictions; • enactment of legislation, regulation or restriction, whether by the United States or in the foreign countries, including unfavorable labor regulations, tax policies or economic sanctions (such as potential economic sanctions arising from political disputes), and currency controls or restrictions on the transfer of funds; • enforcement of legal rights or recognition of commercial procedures by regulatory or judicial authorities in a manner in which we are accustomed or would reasonably expect; • differing technical and environmental standards, data privacy and telecommunications regulations and certification requirements, which could prevent the import, sale or use of our products or SaaS offerings in such countries; • difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations; • potentially greater difficulty collecting accounts receivable and longer payment cycles; • the need to adapt and localize our services for specific countries, including conducting business and providing services in local languages; • reliance on third parties over which we have limited control, such as our VADs, for marketing and reselling our services; • availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for expansion; • difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations, and customs in foreign jurisdictions or unanticipated changes in such laws; • application of or changes in anti-bribery laws, such as the FCPA and UK Bribery Act, which may disrupt our staffing or ability to manage our foreign operations; • changes in political and economic conditions leading to changes in the business environment in which we operate, as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates; and • natural disasters, pandemics or international conflict, including terrorist acts or political disputes, which could interrupt our operations or endanger our personnel. In addition, our competitors may also expand their operations in these markets or others we may also target, and low-cost local manufacturers may also expand and improve their production capacities, thus increasing competition in these emerging markets. Our success in emerging markets is important to our growth strategy. If we cannot successfully increase our business in emerging markets and manage associated political, economic and currency volatility, our product sales, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We could be subject to additional income tax liabilities. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We use significant judgment in evaluating our worldwide provision for income taxes, which could be adversely affected by several factors, many of which are outside our control. During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. For example, our effective tax rates could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than we anticipate in countries that have lower statutory rates and higher than we anticipate in countries that have higher statutory rates, 23 by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in the relevant tax, accounting and other laws, regulations, principles and interpretations, including possible changes to the U.S. taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income or the foreign tax credit rules. We are subject to audit in various jurisdictions, and such jurisdictions may assess additional income tax against us as well as penalties and fines. As we operate in multiple taxing jurisdictions, the application of tax laws can be subject to diverging and sometimes conflicting interpretations by tax authorities of these jurisdictions. The time and expense necessary to defend and resolve an audit may be significant. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. The results of an audit or litigation could have a material effect on our operating results or cash flows in the period or periods for which that determination is made. Our international operations and corporate structure subject us to potential adverse tax consequences. We generally conduct our international operations through wholly owned subsidiaries and report our taxable income in various jurisdictions worldwide based upon our business operations in those jurisdictions. Our intercompany relationships are subject to complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. The relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. If such a disagreement were to occur, and our position was not sustained, we could be required to pay additional taxes, interest and penalties, which could result in one-time tax charges, higher effective tax rates, reduced cash flows and lower overall profitability of our operations. Our financial statements could fail to reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency. In the future, we may reorganize our corporate structure or intercompany relationships, which would likely require us to incur expenses in the near term for which we may not realize related benefits. Changes in domestic and international tax laws, including proposed legislation to reform U.S. taxation of international business activities, may negatively impact our ability to effectively restructure or, reduce the benefits we expected from such corporate restructuring. Any such restructuring would likely involve sophisticated analysis, including analysis of U.S. and international tax regimes. Compliance with such laws and regulations may be difficult and subject our business to additional risks and uncertainties. Our ability to use our net operating losses to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations; in addition, we may be unable to use a substantial part of our net operating losses if we don’t attain profitability in an amount necessary to offset such losses. In general, under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, the Internal Revenue Code, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses, or NOLs, to offset future taxable income. Our existing NOLs may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, and if we undergo an ownership change, our ability to utilize NOLs could be further limited by Section 382. Future changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Section 382. Furthermore, we may be unable to use a substantial part of our NOLs due to regulatory changes, such as suspensions of the use of NOLs, or if we do not attain profitability in an amount sufficient to offset such losses. For example, our California state NOL carryforwards of $51.6 million as of December 31, 2014 begin to expire in 2026. For these reasons, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of the NOLs reflected on our balance sheet, even if we attain profitability at a later date. Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations. We do not collect sales and use, value added or similar taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales, based on our belief that such taxes are not applicable. Sales and use, value added and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest or future requirements may adversely affect the results of our operations. If we are unable to manage our growth and expand our operations successfully, our business and operating results will be harmed and our reputation may be damaged. We have expanded our operations significantly since inception and anticipate that we will require further significant expansion to achieve our business objectives. For example, our revenue for fiscal years 2012, 2013 and 2014 was $71.2 million , $107.1 million and $137.3 million , respectively and our global headcount as of the end of fiscal years 2012, 2013 and 2014, was approximately 460, 520 and 570 employees, respectively. The growth and expansion of our business and product offerings 24 places a continuous and significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources. Any such future growth would also add complexity to and require effective coordination throughout our organization. We must improve our infrastructure to manage our growth, which could involve significant costs and could, if not properly managed, harm our operating results. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial and administrative infrastructure, our operating systems and administrative controls and our ability to manage headcount, capital and processes in an efficient manner. For example, we are currently evaluating upgrades to our information infrastructure in several ways, including a potential change in our enterprise resource planning system, or our ERP system. We are also currently evaluating, upgrades to our existing business processes to manage licensing, renewals and order processing, and to transition to a global distribution platform. Such systems may significantly improve our transaction efficiency and ability to scale our revenue and operating performance, including through an ability to manage increasing volumes of product, license and renewal transactions. We may not be able to successfully implement improvements to these systems and processes in a timely or efficient manner, which could result in additional operating inefficiencies and could cause our costs to increase more than planned. If we do increase our operating expenses in anticipation of the growth of our business and this growth does not meet our expectations, our operating results may be negatively impacted. If we are unable to manage future expansion, our ability to develop and deliver high quality products and services and securely process increased transaction volumes could be harmed, which could damage our reputation and brand and impede expected growth, and any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our business and operating results could be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Our business depends on the overall demand for wireless network technology and on the economic health and general willingness of our current and prospective end-customers to purchase our products. If the conditions in the United States and global economies are volatile and if they deteriorate, our business, operating results and financial condition may be harmed. In particular, we do not know whether spending on wireless network technology will increase or decrease in the future, or at what rate. Investments in technology by educational institutions in particular could be related to budgetary constraints unrelated to overall economic conditions, or may be magnified by unfavorable economic conditions. The purchase of our products or willingness to replace existing infrastructure is discretionary and highly dependent on a perception of continued rapid growth in consumer usage of mobile devices and in many cases involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. In addition, our small and medium enterprise end-customers may also be more sensitive to adverse economic conditions than other potential customers, which could amplify the adverse impact of a deterioration of economic conditions. Therefore, weak economic conditions or a reduction in capital spending would likely adversely impact our business, operating results and financial condition. A reduction in spending on wireless network technology could occur or persist even if economic conditions improve. In addition, if interest rates rise or U.S. dollar foreign exchange rates weaken for our international end-customers and channel partners, overall demand for our products and services could decline and related capital spending may be reduced. For example, the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to foreign currencies has strengthened significantly of late, which could make the price of our products outside the United States less competitive, reducing our sales or requiring us to lower pricing for our products outside the United States in order to maintain sales and revenue performance (thus also reducing our gross margins). Furthermore, any increase in worldwide commodity prices may result in higher component prices for us and increased shipping costs, both of which may negatively impact our financial results. U.S. and global political, credit and financial market conditions may negatively impact or impair the value of our current portfolio of cash and cash equivalents, including U.S. treasury securities and U.S.-backed investment vehicles. Our cash and cash equivalents were $98.0 million as of December 31, 2014 , which we primarily held in money market funds. As a result of the uncertain domestic and global political, credit and financial market conditions, investments in these types of financial instruments pose risks arising from liquidity and credit concerns. Any deterioration in the U.S. and global credit and financial markets is a possibility, which could cause losses or significant deterioration in the value of our cash, cash equivalents or possible investments. If any such losses or significant deteriorations occur, it may negatively impact or impair our current portfolio of cash, cash equivalents and possible investments, which may affect our ability to fund future obligations. Further, unless and until the current U.S. and global political, credit and financial market crisis has been sufficiently resolved, it may be difficult for us to liquidate our investments prior to their maturity without incurring a loss, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 25 System security risks, data security breaches and cyber-attacks could compromise our or our end-customers’ information including proprietary information and end-customer information and disrupt our internal operations, which could cause our business and reputation to suffer and adversely affect our stock price. In the ordinary course of business, we store sensitive data, as well as our proprietary business information and that of our end-customers, suppliers and business partners. The secure maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. While we believe we use certain proven applications designed for data security and integrity, we are in the process of developing and strengthening our information security program, and there can be no assurance that our infrastructure or systems will be sufficient to address changing market conditions or the security or privacy concerns of existing and potential customers. Increasingly, companies are subject to a wide variety of attacks on their networks on an ongoing basis. Our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to penetration or attacks by computer programmers and hackers, software bugs or other technical malfunctions, or other disruptions. Due to our business model and the location of some of our development centers, we have faced and are likely to face threats that target both our internal systems and our solutions, which, in turn, may threaten our customers' networks, devices, applications and data. In addition, our employees could breach our data security measures and misuse such data or other information, whether through error or misconduct. Any such breach, whether external or internal in origin, could compromise our networks, including our cloud-managed platform, creating system disruptions or slowdowns and exploiting security vulnerabilities of our products, and the information stored on our networks could be improperly accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen, which could subject us to liability to our end-customers, suppliers, channel and business partners and others, and cause us reputational and financial harm. Additionally, an effective attack on our solutions could disrupt the proper functioning of our solutions, allow unauthorized access to sensitive, proprietary or confidential information of ours or of our customers, disrupt or temporarily interrupt customers' networking traffic, or cause other destructive outcomes, including the theft of information sufficient to engage in fraudulent financial transactions or compromise other sensitive information. Because the techniques used by computer programmers and hackers, many of whom are highly sophisticated and well-funded, to access or sabotage networks change frequently and generally are not recognized until after they are used, we may be unable to anticipate or immediately detect these techniques. This could delay our response or the effectiveness of our response and impede our sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions and ability to limit our exposure to third-party claims and potential liability. If any of these types of security breaches were to occur or to be believed to have occurred, or if we were to be unable to timely respond to protect sensitive data, our relationships with our business partners and customers could be materially damaged, our reputation and brand could be materially harmed, use of our solutions could decrease, and affected end-customers or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory action against us in connection with such incidents, which could cause us to incur significant expenses and liability or could result in orders, judgments, or consent decrees forcing us to modify our business practices. The risk that these types of events could seriously harm our business is likely to increase as we expand the number of web-based solutions we offer, and operate in more countries. In addition, if an actual or perceived breach of security occurs in our network or in the network of a customer of one of our solutions (particularly our cloud-based offerings), regardless of whether the breach is attributable to our solutions, the market perception of the effectiveness of our solutions could be harmed. We may also be required to expend significant financial and operational resources in an effort to secure our systems and our and our customers’ data from security threats and hazards. Further, real or perceived defects or errors in our solutions (particularly in our cloud-based offerings, due to cloud-based offerings sometimes being perceived as being inherently less secure) could result in claims by channel partners and end-customers for losses that they sustain, including potentially losses resulting from security breaches of our systems, our end-customers' networks and/or downtime of those networks. If channel partners or end-customers make these types of claims, we may be required, or may choose for customer relations or other reasons, to expend additional resources in order to help correct the problem, including warranty and repair costs, process management costs and costs associated with re-manufacturing our inventory. The economic costs to us to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software systems and security vulnerabilities could be significant and may be difficult to anticipate or measure because the damage may differ based on the identity and motive of the programmer or hacker, which may be difficult for us to identify. Undetected software errors or flaws in our cloud platform could harm our reputation or decrease market acceptance of our solution, which would harm our operating results. Our platform may contain undetected errors or defects when introduced or as we release new versions. We have experienced these errors or defects in the past in connection with new releases and solution upgrades, and we expect that errors or defects will be found from time to time in future releases after their commercial release. Since our end-customers may use our platform for security and compliance reasons, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems may damage our end-customers’ business and could hurt our reputation. If that occurs, we may incur significant costs, the attention of our key personnel could be diverted, our end-customers may delay or withhold payment to us or elect not to continue to use 26 our products or renew our service, or defer further purchases, or other significant customer relations problems may arise. We may also be subject to liability claims for damages related to errors or defects in our platform. Our business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, floods and other natural catastrophic events, and interruptions by man-made problems, such as network security breaches, computer viruses or terrorism. Our corporate headquarters are located in Silicon Valley, and substantially all of our contract manufacturers are located in eastern Asia, both regions known for seismic activity. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, a fire or a flood, occurring near our headquarters, or near the facilities of our contract manufacturers, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. Despite the implementation of network security measures, our networks also may be vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, denial of service attacks, and other disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our products or from internal or external threat vectors. In addition, natural disasters, acts of terrorism or war could cause disruptions in our or our end-customers’ or channel partners’ businesses, our suppliers’ and manufacturers’ operations or the economy as a whole. We also rely on information technology systems to communicate among our workforce and with third parties. Any disruption to our communications, whether caused by a natural disaster or by manmade problems, such as power disruptions, could adversely affect our business. We do not have a formal disaster recovery plan or policy or incident response plan in place and do not currently require that our manufacturing partners have such plans or policies in place. To the extent that any such disruptions result in delays or cancellations of orders or impede our suppliers’ and/or our manufacturers’ ability to timely deliver our products and product components, or the deployment of our products, our business, operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. We do maintain what we believe are commercially reasonable levels of business interruption insurance. However, we cannot assure you that such insurance would adequately cover our losses in the event of a significant disruption in our business. We may acquire other businesses or form partnerships or joint ventures that could require significant management attention, disrupt our business and dilute stockholder value. We may make investments in complementary companies, products or technologies, or form partnerships or joint ventures with third parties. We have limited experience identifying, purchasing and integrating third-party companies, technologies or other assets that could complementary to our business or help advance our strategy, in particular, internationally. As a result, our ability as an organization to identify, acquire and integrate other companies, technologies or other assets in a successful manner is unproven. We may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates, and we may not be able to complete such acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. If we do complete acquisitions, we may not ultimately strengthen our competitive position or achieve our goals, and any acquisitions we complete could be viewed negatively by our end-customers, investors and financial analysts. In addition, if we are unsuccessful at integrating such acquisitions, or the technologies associated with such acquisitions, the business prospects operating results and financials of the combined company could be adversely affected. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, and we may not be able to manage the process successfully. Cross-border transactions may involve complex regulatory, labor or government compliance requirements which we may not fully anticipate or which could impose ongoing cost and require significant management attention and resources. We may not successfully evaluate or utilize the acquired technology or personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. We may have to pay cash, assume liabilities, incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition, each of which could adversely affect our financial condition or the value of our common stock. The sale of equity or issuance of debt to finance any such acquisitions could result in dilution to our stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. Our future capital needs are uncertain, and we may need to raise additional funds in the future. If we require additional funds in the future, those funds may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. We may, however, need to raise substantial additional capital in the future to: • fund our operations; • continue our research and development; • develop and commercialize new products; • acquire companies, in-licensed products or intellectual property; or • expand sales and marketing activities. Our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 27 • market acceptance of our products and services; • the cost of our research and development activities; • the cost of defending, in litigation or otherwise, claims that we infringe third-party patents or violate other intellectual property rights; • the cost and timing of establishing additional sales, marketing and distribution capabilities; • the cost and timing of establishing additional technical support capabilities; • the effect of competing technological and market developments; and • the market for different types of funding and overall economic conditions. We may require additional funds in the future, and we may not be able to obtain those funds on acceptable terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience dilution. Debt financing, if available, may involve covenants restricting our operations or our ability to incur additional debt. Upon any liquidation, our debt lenders and other creditors would be repaid all interest and principal then-outstanding prior to the holders of our common stock receiving any distribution. Any debt or additional equity financing that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. If we do not have, or are not able to obtain, sufficient funds, we may have to reduce our cash burn rate, delay development or commercialization of our products or license to third parties the rights to commercialize products or technologies that we would otherwise seek to commercialize. If we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements with third parties, it may be necessary to relinquish some rights to our technologies or our products, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we are unable generate sufficient cash flows or to raise adequate funds to finance our forecasted expenditures, we may have to liquidate some or all of our assets, or delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate some or all of our development programs. We also may have to reduce marketing, customer support or other resources devoted to our products, or cease operations. Any of these actions could impede our ability to achieve our business objectives and harm our operating results. The requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, the Dodd-Frank Act, the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange and other applicable securities rules and regulations. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and operating results. Being a public company has increased the expense for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance at levels we deem commercially reasonable, and we have incurred higher costs and accepted higher retentions to obtain coverage, compared to our prior program for director and officer liability insurance prior to being a public company. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, or our Board, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. As a result of disclosure of information in filings required by us as a public company, our business and financial condition will become more visible, which might result in threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and operating results could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims, and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business and operating results. Our debt obligations contain restrictions that impact our business and expose us to risks that could adversely affect our liquidity and financial conditions. On June 21, 2012, we entered into a revolving credit facility with Silicon Valley Bank, which we refer to, as amended, as our revolving credit facility. As last amended on August 23, 2013, the credit facility provides for a revolving facility of up to $10.0 million, with a sublimit of $3.0 million for borrowings guaranteed by the Export-Import Bank of the United States. As of December 31, 2014 , we have drawn $10.0 million under this revolving credit facility. On August 23, 2013, we entered into a credit facility with TriplePoint Capital, which we refer to as our term loan credit facility. The credit facility provides for term loans of up to $20.0 million. As of December 31, 2014 , we have drawn 28 $10.0 million under this term loan credit facility. Absent agreement from the lender, we may no longer request draws under the term loan credit facility. All of our obligations under the credit facilities are secured by substantially all of our property, other than our intellectual property. Both credit facilities contain customary negative covenants that limit our ability to, among other things, incur additional indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, repurchase stock, pay dividends, transfer assets or engage in merger and acquisition activity, including merge or consolidate with a third party. Our Silicon Valley Bank credit facility also requires us to maintain a liquidity ratio of not less than 1.25 to 1.00. Our credit facilities contain customary affirmative covenants, including requirements to, among other things, deliver audited financial statements. Both credit facilities contain customary events of default, subject to customary cure periods for certain defaults, that include, among other things, non-payment defaults, covenant defaults, material judgment defaults, bankruptcy and insolvency defaults, cross-defaults to certain other material indebtedness, and inaccuracy of representation and warranties. Our Silicon Valley Bank credit facility includes a default upon the occurrence of a material adverse change to our business. If we experience a decline in cash flow due to any of the factors described in this “Risk Factors” section or otherwise, if we breach covenants under our credit facilities or if there occurs a material adverse change in our business, we could be prohibited from further borrowing under the credit facilities, our interest rates on the outstanding borrowings could increase and our obligation to repay principal amounts could be accelerated. Our failure to pay interest and principal amounts when due or comply with covenants could cause a default under the credit facilities. Any such default could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. In the event of a liquidation of our Company, these lenders would be repaid all outstanding principal and interest prior to distribution of assets to other unsecured creditors. Our holders of common stock would receive a portion of any liquidation proceeds only if all of our creditors were first repaid in full. Risks Related to Our Industry We compete in highly competitive markets, and competitive pressures from existing and new companies may harm our business, revenue, growth rates and prospects. In addition, many of our current or potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater brand recognition, larger customer bases and significantly greater resources than we do, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. The markets in which we compete are highly competitive, and we expect competition to increase in the future from established competitors and new market entrants. The markets are influenced by, among others, the following competitive factors: • brand awareness and reputation; • price and total cost of ownership; • discounts and other incentives offered to resellers and channel partners; • strength and scale of sales and marketing efforts, professional services and customer support; • product features, reliability and performance; • incumbency of the current provider, either for wireless networking products or other products; • scalability of products; • ability to integrate with other technology infrastructures; and • breadth of product offerings. Our main competitors include general networking vendors, such as Cisco and Hewlett-Packard, whose portfolios include enterprise mobility solutions they have acquired or may acquire in the future. Such vendors can offer customers and resellers a broader portfolio of products than we can offer, which some customers may prefer, and can use their broader offerings to provide additional financial and technical incentives for customers to purchase their products. We also compete with enterprise mobility companies, such as Aruba Networks, who have a broad networking portfolio and are primarily focused on enterprise mobility, and independent Wi-Fi vendors, such as Ruckus Wireless and Meru Networks, who are primarily focused on wireless access products. Such companies may expand their product offerings over time, or, with greater resources, able more effectively and opportunistically to target emerging markets or market opportunities, becoming more difficult competitors for us. We expect competition to intensify in the future as other companies introduce new products into our markets. This competition could result in increased pricing pressure, reduced profit margins, increased sales and marketing expenses, and failure to increase, or the loss of, our market share, any of which would likely seriously harm our business, operating results or financial condition. If we do not keep pace with product and technology advances, there could be a material and adverse effect on our competitive position, revenue and prospects for growth. 29 A number of our current or potential competitors have longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger customer bases, more resellers, and significantly greater financial, technical, sales, marketing and other resources. Our competitors may be better able to anticipate, influence or adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their products and services, initiate or withstand substantial price competition, take advantage of acquisitions or other opportunities more readily and develop and expand their product and service offerings more quickly than we can. In addition, certain of our competitors may be able to leverage their relationships with customers based on other products or incorporate functionality into existing products to gain business in a manner that discourages customers from purchasing our products, including through selling at low or even negative margins, product bundling, or closed technology platforms. Our competitors may also be able to offer a broader integrated product platform bringing together a unified product, security and applications offering. Potential end-customers may prefer to purchase all of their equipment from a single provider, or may prefer to purchase wireless networking products from an existing supplier rather than a new supplier, regardless of product performance or features. We expect increased competition from our current competitors, as well as other established and emerging companies, to the extent our markets continue to develop and expand. Conditions in our markets could change rapidly and significantly as a result of technological advancements or other factors. These pressures could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Industry consolidation may lead to increased competition and may harm our operating results. There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry, and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. Some of our competitors have made acquisitions or entered into partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer a more comprehensive solution than they individually had offered. For example, in November 2012, Cisco Systems acquired Meraki Networks. In 2014, Juniper Networks announced that it was exiting its wireless networking business as part of a strategic partnership with Aruba Networks. Aruba Network also has developed strategic alliances with Brocade, Dell, and Alcatel. In April 2014, Zebra Technologies announced that it would buy the enterprise business of Motorola Solutions. In January 2015, Meru Networks announced that it had engaged an investment advisor to explore strategic options, including, but not limited to, strategic partnering of its technology and possible sale or merger of the company. In March 2015, the Hewlett-Packard Corporation announced that it would acquire Aruba Networks. Such or similar consolidation or strategic partnerships may continue in the future. The companies or alliances resulting from these possible consolidations may create more compelling or bundled product platform bringing together a unified product, security and applications offering, as well as being able to offer greater pricing flexibility, making it more difficult for us to compete effectively, including on the basis of price, sales and marketing programs, channel coverage, technology or product functionality. Continued industry consolidation may adversely impact customers’ perceptions of the viability of smaller and even medium-sized technology companies such as ourselves and, consequently, customers’ willingness to purchase from us. Companies that are strategic alliance or channel partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors, with more efficient cost structures that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for our end-customers. This could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Demand for our products and services depends in part on the continued growth of the industries in which we participate, and the failure of these industries to expand could harm our operating results. We currently target K-12 and higher education, retail, distributed enterprise and, to a lesser extent, healthcare end-customers. We sell into verticals such as finance, manufacturing, utilities, telecom, state and local government, transportation, legal, accounting, architecture, engineering and construction. In the event any of the specific sectors we target fails to expend on wireless networking, our operating results could be harmed. For example, the education sector is faced with limited resources to spend on technology purchases. In North America the U.S. government’s E-Rate program starting on July 1, 2015 is expected to provide a significant portion of the funding used by schools to purchase our solutions. If this sector does not continue to expand expenditures on technology in general, and wireless networking in particular, our business could be harmed. If the E-Rate program is discontinued or receives a lower level of funding our business could also be harmed. In addition, purchasing decisions by schools may depend on the availability of funding, including the timing and availability of funding for schools under the FCC’s E-Rate program and we have seen in early 2015 schools defer purchases to later in the year in anticipation of the availability of such funding. Such deferrals can cause fluctuations and increased seasonal variations in demand for our products and services in the education vertical, making more difficult our ability to forecast our operating performance and achieve revenue and other operating results based on those forecasts. More generally, for our enterprise sales, we rely upon the continued expansion of the creation of small and branch offices, and the acceptance of teleworking and mobile networking. If remote access to corporate resources and the demand for high-speed wireless networks ceases to expand, or diminishes, our business would be harmed. 30 If functionality similar to that offered by our products is incorporated into existing network infrastructure products, enterprises may decide against adding our products to their network, which would have an adverse effect on our business. Large, well-established providers of networking equipment may continue to introduce features that compete with our products, either in stand-alone products or as additional features or applications in their network platforms. For example, several of our larger competitors may be better able to integrate into a single platform a broader product, security and applications offering. The inclusion of, or the announcement of an intent to include, functionality perceived to be similar to that offered by our platform may have an adverse effect on our ability to market and sell our products. Furthermore, even if the functionality offered by these providers is more limited or less cost-effective than our platform, end-customers may elect to accept such products in lieu of adding platforms from an additional vendor such as ourselves. Many enterprises have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to design and operate their networks and have established deep relationships with other providers of networking products, which may make them reluctant to add new components to their networks, particularly from other vendors such as ourselves. In addition, an enterprise’s existing vendors or new vendors with a broad product offering may be able to offer concessions that we are not able to match. If enterprises are reluctant to add new vendors or otherwise decide to work with their existing vendors, our ability to maintain or improve our market share, our financial condition and operating results will be adversely affected. We rely on revenue from subscription and services that may decline. Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions and services over the term of the relevant service period, downturns or upturns in sales are not immediately reflected in full in our operating results. Software subscriptions and service revenue, consisting of sales of new or renewal subscription and support and maintenance contracts accounts for a significant portion of our revenue, comprising 6.4% , 8.9% and 12.2% for the year ended December 31, 2012, 2013 and 2014, respectively. Service revenue might decline and fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including end-customers’ level of satisfaction with our offerings, the prices of our offerings, the prices of products and services offered by our competitors and reductions in our end-customers’ spending levels. If our sales of new or renewal subscription and support and maintenance contracts decline, or we are not able to manage efficiently increased transaction volumes, our revenue and revenue growth may decline and our business will suffer. In addition, we recognize service revenue ratably over the term of the relevant service period, which is typically one, three or five years. As a result, much of the service revenue we report each fiscal quarter is the recognition of deferred revenue from service contracts entered into during previous fiscal quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscription or support and maintenance contracts in any one fiscal quarter will not be fully reflected in revenue in that fiscal quarter but will negatively affect our revenue in future fiscal quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in new or renewed sales of our subscriptions or support and maintenance is not reflected in full in our operating results until future periods. Also, it is difficult for us to rapidly increase our services revenue through additional service sales in any period, as revenue from new and renewal service contracts must be recognized over the applicable service period. Furthermore, any increase in the average term of services contracts would result in revenue for services contracts being recognized over longer periods of time. New regulations or standards or changes in existing regulations or standards in the United States or internationally related to our products may result in unanticipated costs or liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and future sales, and could place additional burdens on the operations of our business. Our products are subject to governmental regulations in a variety of jurisdictions. In order to achieve and maintain market acceptance, our products must continue to comply with these regulations as well as a significant number of industry standards. In the United States, our products must comply with various regulations defined by the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, Underwriters Laboratories and others. We must also comply with similar international regulations in order for our products to be certified for use in such countries. For example, our wireless communication products operate through the transmission of radio signals and radio emissions are subject to regulation in the United States and in other countries in which we do business. In the United States, various federal agencies, including the Center for Devices and Radiological Health of the Food and Drug Administration, the FCC, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and various state agencies have promulgated regulations that concern the use of radio/electromagnetic emissions standards. Member countries of the European Union and individual countries in the Asia Pacific region have enacted similar standards concerning electrical safety and electromagnetic compatibility and emissions and chemical substances and use standards. As these regulations and standards evolve, and if new regulations or standards are implemented, we will be required to modify our products or develop and support new versions of our products, and our compliance with these regulations and standards may become more burdensome. The failure of our products to comply, or delays in compliance, with the various existing and evolving industry regulations and standards could prevent or delay introduction of our products, which could harm our business. End-customer uncertainty regarding future policies may also affect demand for communications products, including our products. Moreover, channel partners or end-customers may require us, or we may otherwise deem it necessary or 31 advisable, to alter our products to address actual or anticipated changes in the regulatory environment. Our inability to alter our products to address these requirements and any regulatory changes may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our competitive position could be harmed or we could be required to incur significant expenses to enforce our rights. We protect our proprietary information and technology through licensing agreements, third-party nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions, as well as through patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries. We do not know whether these protections will be available in all cases or will be adequate to prevent our competitors from copying, reverse engineering or otherwise obtaining and using our technology, proprietary rights or products. The laws of some foreign countries, including countries in which our products are sold or manufactured, are in many cases not as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the United States, and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. In addition, third parties may seek to challenge, invalidate or circumvent our patents, trademarks, copyrights and trade secrets, or applications for any of the foregoing. Our competitors may independently develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology or design around our proprietary rights. We have focused patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection primarily in the United States. As a result, we may not have sufficient protection of our intellectual property in all countries where infringement may occur. In each case, our ability to compete could be significantly impaired. To prevent substantial unauthorized use of our intellectual property rights, it may be necessary to prosecute actions for infringement and/or misappropriation of our proprietary rights against third parties. We currently have a limited portfolio of issued patents compared to our larger competitors, and therefore may not be able to effectively utilize our intellectual property portfolio to assert against third parties. Any such action could result in significant costs and diversion of our resources and management’s attention and, in any case, we could fail to be successful in any such action. Furthermore, many of our current and potential competitors have the ability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights than we do. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. Claims by others that we infringe their intellectual property rights could harm our business. Companies that sell products, as well as non-operating patent holding companies, in the wireless networking industry are often aggressive in protecting intellectual property rights and perceived rights, which has resulted in protracted and expensive litigation for some companies. In addition, non-operating entities have been increasingly aggressive in asserting intellectual property rights and perceived rights against operating companies in the Wi-Fi and networking industry, including ourselves. We currently are subject to claims and litigation by third parties that we infringe their intellectual property rights and we expect claims and litigation with respect to infringement will continue to occur in the future. As our business expands and the number of products and competitors in our market increases and overlaps occur, we expect that infringement claims may increase in number and significance. Any claims or proceedings against us, whether or not meritorious, could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of management time or result in the diversion of significant operational resources, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. Intellectual property lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties due to the complexity of the technical issues involved, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in defending ourselves against intellectual property claims. Where our limited portfolio of issued patents may not provide defenses or counterclaims in response to patent infringement claims or litigation brought against us by third party competitors. Further, non-operating entities or other adverse patent owners who have no relevant products or revenue bring such claims or litigation, our potential patents provide no deterrence or competitive risk. In any case, many potential litigants have the capability to dedicate substantially greater resources to enforce their intellectual property rights and to defend claims than we could against them. Furthermore, a successful claimant could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages or prevents us from distributing certain products or performing certain services. We might also be required to seek a license and pay royalties for the use of such intellectual property, which may not be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all. Alternatively, we may be required to develop non-infringing technology, which could require significant effort and expense and may ultimately not be successful. See Part II, Item 1 “Legal Proceedings." for a discussion of the intellectual property litigation in which we are currently involved. 32 Our use of open source software could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our products. Our products utilize software modules licensed to us by third-party authors under open source licenses, including as incorporated into software we receive from third party commercial software vendors. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide support, updates, warranties, or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Some open source licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the type of open source software that we use. We are in the process of developing tools and policies to review and monitor our use of open source software. Until we have implemented these tools and policies, we may not be able to identify all of the risks regarding our use of open source software. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software or modify such software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source licenses, be required to release portions of the source code of our proprietary software to the public. This could allow our competitors to create similar products with lower development effort and time, and ultimately could result in a loss of product sales for us. As a result of our use of open source software, our products may be subject to conditions we do not intend. Furthermore, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products. Moreover, our efforts to monitor our use of open source software in our business may not be adequate or entirely effective in all instances. If we are held to have breached or otherwise failed to comply with the terms of an open source software license, we could be required to pay damages as a result of infringement claims, seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our products, re-engineer our products, discontinue the sale of our products if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business and operating results. We rely on the availability of third-party licenses. If these licenses are available to us only on less favorable terms or not at all in the future, our business and operating results would be harmed. We have incorporated third-party licensed technology and intellectual property rights into our products. It may be necessary in the future to renew licenses relating to various aspects of these products or to seek additional licenses for existing or new products. These necessary licenses could be unavailable to us on acceptable terms or at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights, or to obtain those licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could result in delays in product releases until such time, if ever, as equivalent technology could be identified, licensed or developed and integrated into our products, which might have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products of intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis could limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock We have experienced significant volatility in the price of our common stock, and you could lose all or part of your investment. The trading price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially. From the date of our initial public offering in March 2014 through December 31, 2014, the high and low trading price for our common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange ranged between a high of $12.23 and a low of $3.91. The trading price of our common stock depends on a number of factors, including those described in this “Risk Factors” section, many of which are beyond our control and may not be related to our operating performance. These fluctuations could cause you to lose all or part of your investment in our common stock, since you might not be able to sell your shares at or above the price you paid. Factors that could cause fluctuations in the trading price of our common stock include the following: • price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; • volatility in the market prices and trading volumes of high technology stocks; • changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of other technology companies generally, or those in our industry in particular; • sales of shares of our common stock by us or our stockholders; • failure of financial analysts to maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; • the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those projections; 33 • announcements by us or our competitors of new products or new or terminated significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; • public analyst or investor reaction to our press releases, other public announcements and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission; • rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; • investor reaction to announcements we may make concerning our operations, business initiatives or operating performance; • actual or anticipated changes in our results of operations or fluctuations in our operating results, including any actual or perceived slowing in our rate of growth or ability to achieve profitability at all or on a schedule predetermined by our investors or industry analysts; • actual or anticipated developments in our business or our competitors’ businesses or the competitive landscape generally; • litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; • developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or our products, or third-party proprietary rights; • announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; • announced partnerships, operating or margin growth or customer acquisition rates; • new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; • changes in accounting standards, policies, guidelines, interpretations or principles; • changes in our senior management or our Board; • general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our markets; and • other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism or responses to these events. In addition, the stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of particular companies’ securities, securities class action litigations have often been instituted against these companies. For example, on October 13, 2014, we issued a press release announcing our preliminary results for the third quarter ended September 30, 2014, which were below our previously stated guidance primarily due to weaker than expected order volume. Similarly, on February 11, 2015, we provided a guidance range for revenue for our first quarter ending March 31, 2015, which range was below the estimates of financial analysts at that time. If, such as in these instances, our revenue or operating results, or the rate of growth of our revenue or operating results, fall below the expectations of our investors or financial analysts, or below any forecasts or guidance we may provide to the market, or if the forecasts we provide to the market are below the expectations of analysts or investors, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Such a stock price decline could occur even when we have met our own or other publicly stated revenue or earnings forecasts, and result in litigation against us, and substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. Insiders continue to have substantial control over us and will be able to influence corporate matters. Our directors and executive officers and stockholders holding more than 5% of our capital stock and their affiliates, excluding stockholders and affiliates holding between 5% and 10% of our capital stock not affiliated with any of our officers or directors, and do not possess any other indicia of control with respect to our company, beneficially own, in the aggregate, approximately 52.3% of our outstanding common stock based on the number of shares outstanding as of December 31, 2014 . As a result, these stockholders are able to exercise significant influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, and approval of significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. This concentration of ownership could limit your ability to influence corporate matters and may have the effect of delaying or preventing a third party from acquiring control over us. Certain provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove members of our Board or current management and may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 34 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our Board or management. These provisions include the following: • our Board has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of the Board or the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board; • our stockholders may not act by written consent or call special stockholders’ meetings; as a result, a holder, or holders, controlling a majority of our capital stock would not be able to take certain actions other than at annual stockholders’ meetings or special stockholders’ meetings called by the Board, the chair of the Board, the chief executive officer or the president; • our directors may only be removed for cause, which would delay the replacement of a majority of our Board; • our Board is staggered in three tiers, with directors serving for three years, which could impede an acquiror from rapidly replacing our existing directors with its own slate of directors; • our certificate of incorporation prohibits cumulative voting in the election of directors, which limits the ability of minority stockholders to elect director candidates; • stockholders must provide advance notice and additional disclosures in order to nominate individuals for election to our Board or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders’ meeting, which may discourage or deter a potential acquiror from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquiror’s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of our company; and • our Board may issue, without stockholder approval, shares of undesignated preferred stock; the ability to issue undesignated preferred stock makes it possible for our Board to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to acquire us. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the Board has approved the transaction. Our Board could rely on Delaware law to prevent or delay an acquisition of us. Our directors are entitled to accelerated vesting of their stock options pursuant to the terms of their employment arrangements or option grants upon a change of control of our Company, and our executive officers in the event their employment is actually or constructively terminated in the context of a change of control. In addition to the arrangements currently in place with some of our executive officers, we may enter into similar arrangements in the future with other officers. Such arrangements could delay or discourage a potential acquisition of our Company. If financial or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our common stock, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not control these analysts or the content and opinions included in their reports. As a new public company, we may be slow to attract research coverage and the analysts who publish information about our common stock will have had relatively little experience with our company, which could affect their ability to accurately forecast our results and make it more likely that we fail to meet their estimates. In the event we obtain industry or financial analyst coverage, if any of the analysts who cover us issue an adverse or misleading opinion regarding our stock price, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. We believe our long-term value as a company will be greater if we focus on growth instead of profitability. Part of our business strategy is to focus on our long-term growth, and in the near term to focus on such growth instead of focusing on profitability. As a result, it may take longer to achieve and sustain profitability and, once achieved, our profitability may be lower in the near term than it would be if our strategy was to maximize short-term profitability. Our use of cash could also be greater and extend over a longer period as we make investments in areas of our operations, such as sales, marketing and research and development, which we feel may promote growth and profitability over the long term. Expenditures on expanding our research and development efforts, sales and market efforts, infrastructure and other such investments may not ultimately grow our business or cause long-term profitability. If we are ultimately unable to achieve profitability at the level anticipated by analysts and our stockholders, our stock price may decline. 35 We do not intend to pay dividends and under our loan agreements with our lenders we are not permitted to pay dividends. As a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price of our common stock. Pursuant to our revolving and term loan credit facilities, we are restricted from paying dividends while these facilities are in place. Moreover, we have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock and do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will retain all of our future earnings for use in the development of our business and for general corporate purposes. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our Board. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investments. We are an “Emerging Growth Company,” and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to Emerging Growth Companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act enacted in April 2012, and, for as long as we continue to be an “emerging growth company,” we may choose to take advantage of exemptions from various reporting or compliance requirements applicable to other public companies but not to “emerging growth companies,” including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an “emerging growth company” for up to five years after the completion of the IPO, although if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time or if we have total annual gross revenue of $1 billion or more during any fiscal year before that time, we would cease to be an “emerging growth company” as of the end of that fiscal year. If we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period we would cease to be an “emerging growth company” immediately. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. ITEM 1B