.” In a license agreement effective December 31, 2012, we granted Biotest an exclusive license to market and sell RSV antibody-enriched IGIV in Europe and in selected countries in North Africa and the Middle East, collectively referred to as the Territory, to have access to our testing services for testing of Biotest’s plasma samples using our proprietary RSV assay, and to reference (but not access) our proprietary information for the purpose of Biotest seeking regulatory approval for the RSV antibody-enriched IGIV in the Territory. As consideration for the license, Biotest agreed to provide us with certain services at no charge and also compensate us with cash payments upon the completion of certain milestones. Biotest is also obligated to pay us an adjustable royalty based on a percentage of revenues from the sale of RSV antibody-enriched IGIV in the Territory for 20 years from the date of first commercial sale. Additionally, Biotest has agreed to grant us an exclusive license for marketing and sales in the United States and Canada for Biotest’s Varicella Zoster Immune Globulin, or VZIG, the terms of which we expect to finalize during 2015. Competition Although blood plasma and its derivative proteins are not subject to patent protection, the FDA recognizes each immunoglobulin product as unique and generally requires a separate Investigational New Drug, or IND, clinical trial and BLA for each as a condition to approval. Regardless of whether competitors are able to develop an assay that can achieve our level of consistency and reproducibility in providing RSV antibody titer data, we believe they would still be required to validate and qualify such an assay as well as conduct clinical trials and undergo an FDA review prior to marketing an immune globulin product. The plasma products industry is highly competitive. We face, and will continue to face, intense competition from both United States-based and foreign producers of plasma products, some of which have lower cost structures, greater access to capital, direct ownership of manufacturing facilities, greater resources for research and development, and sophisticated marketing capabilities. 12 Table of Contents These competitors may include: Baxter HealthCare Corporation, CSL Behring, Grifols Biologicals, Octapharma and Biotest. In addition to competition from other large worldwide plasma products providers, we face competition in local areas from smaller entities. In Europe, where the industry is highly regulated and health care systems vary from country to country, local companies may have greater knowledge of local health care systems, more established infrastructures and have existing regulatory approvals or a better understanding of the local regulatory process, allowing them to market their products more quickly. Moreover, plasma therapy generally faces competition from non-plasma products and other courses of treatments. For example, recombinant Factor VIII products compete with plasma-derived products in the treatment of Hemophilia A. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of trade secrets and nondisclosure and non-competition agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property and will continue to do so. We do not own any issued patents. We also seek to enhance and ensure our competitive position through a variety of means including our unique and proprietary plasma donor selection criteria, our proprietary formulation methodology for plasma pooling, and the proprietary reagents, controls, testing standards, standard operating procedures and methods we use in our anti-RSV microneutralization assay. While we intend to defend against threats to our intellectual property, litigation can be costly and there can be no assurance that our trade secret policies and practices or other agreements will adequately protect our intellectual property. We seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. These processes, systems, and/or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies as a result of any such breaches. Third parties may also own or could obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and there can be no assurance that the required licenses would be available on reasonable terms or at all. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. We also seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors. Although we rely, in part, on confidentiality, nondisclosure and non-competition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties with access to our proprietary information to protect our trade secrets, proprietary technology, processes and other proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that these agreements or any other security measures relating to such trade secrets, proprietary technology, processes and proprietary rights will be adequate, will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. To the extent that our consultants, contractors or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. We have two pending provisional patent applications filed with the United States relating to expanded hyperimmune globulin products. Government Regulation and Product Approval The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon the testing (preclinical and clinical), manufacturing, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing and distribution, among other things, of products and product candidates. If we do not comply with applicable requirements, we may be fined, the government may refuse to approve our marketing applications or allow us to manufacture or market our products, and we may be criminally prosecuted. We and our manufacturers may also be subject to regulations under other federal, state, and local laws. United States Government Regulation In the United States, the FDA regulates products under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and related regulations. The process required by the FDA before our product candidates may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following (although the FDA is given wide discretion to impose different or more stringent requirements on a case-by-case basis): 1. completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests, preclinical animal studies and formulation studies performed in accordance with the FDA’s good laboratory practice regulations and other regulations; 13 Table of Contents 2. submission to the FDA of an IND, application which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; 3. performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials meeting FDA requirements to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for each proposed indication; 4. manufacturing (through an FDA-licensed contract manufacturing organization) of product in accordance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, to be used in the clinical trials and providing manufacturing information need in regulatory filings; 5. submission of a BLA to the FDA; 6. satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities at which the product candidate is produced, and potentially other involved facilities as well, to assess compliance with cGMP regulations and other applicable regulations; and 7. the FDA review and approval of the BLA prior to any commercial marketing, sale or shipment of the product. The testing and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. See “Risk Factors.” We submit manufacturing and analytical data, among other information, to the FDA as part of an IND application. Subject to certain exceptions, an IND becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, issues a clinical hold to delay a proposed clinical investigation due to concerns or questions about the product or the conduct of the clinical trial, including concerns that human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable health risks. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Our submission of an IND, or those of our collaboration partners, may not result in the FDA allowance to commence a clinical trial. A separate submission to an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. The FDA must also approve certain changes to an existing IND, such as certain manufacturing changes. Further, an independent institutional review board, or IRB, duly constituted to meet FDA requirements, for each medical center proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at that center and it must monitor the safety of the study and study subjects until completed. The FDA, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Clinical testing also must satisfy extensive Good Clinical Practice, or GCP, requirements and regulations for informed consent. Clinical Trials For purposes of BLA submission and approval, clinical trials are typically conducted in the following three sequential phases, which may overlap (although additional or different trials may be required by the FDA as well): 1. Phase I clinical trials are initially conducted in a limited population to test the product candidate for safety, dose tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion in healthy humans or, on occasion, in patients, such as cancer patients. 2. Phase II clinical trials are generally conducted in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to determine the efficacy of the product candidate for specific targeted indications and to determine tolerance and optimal dosage. Multiple Phase II clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase III clinical trials. 3. Certain Phase III clinical trials are referred to as pivotal trials. When Phase II clinical trials demonstrate that a dose range of the product candidate is effective and has an acceptable safety profile, Phase III clinical trials are undertaken in large patient populations to provide substantial evidence of reproducibility of clinical efficacy results and to further test for safety in an expanded and diverse patient population at multiple, geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. 14 Table of Contents A BLA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product candidate for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. In some cases, the FDA may condition continued approval of a BLA on the sponsor’s agreement to conduct additional clinical trials, or other commitments. Such post-approval studies are typically referred to as Phase IV studies. Biological License Application The results of product candidate development, preclinical testing and clinical trials, together with, among other things, detailed information on the manufacture and composition of the product and proposed labeling, and the payment of a user fee, are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA. The FDA reviews all BLAs submitted before it accepts them for filing and may reject the filing as inadequate to merit review or may request additional information to be submitted in a very short time frame before accepting a BLA for filing. Once a BLA is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the application. During its review of a BLA, the FDA may refer the application to an advisory committee of experts for their review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved, which information is taken into consideration along with FDA’s own review findings. The FDA may refuse to approve a BLA and issue a Complete Response Letter, or CRL if the applicable regulatory criteria are not satisfied. In a CRL, it may also require additional clinical or other data, including one or more additional pivotal Phase III clinical trials. Even if such requested data are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval and issue a denial of the BLA. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we do. If the FDA’s evaluations of the BLA and the clinical and manufacturing procedures and facilities are favorable, the FDA may issue an approval letter or a CRL, which contains the conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the BLA. If a CRL is issued, if and when those items have been resolved to the FDA’s satisfaction, the FDA will issue an approval letter, authorizing commercial marketing of the product for certain indications. The FDA may withdraw product approval if ongoing regulatory requirements are not met or if safety problems occur after the product reaches the market. In addition, the FDA may require testing, including Phase IV clinical trials, and surveillance programs to monitor the effect of approved products that have been commercialized, and the FDA has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of these post-marketing programs. Products may be marketed only for the FDA-approved indications and in accordance with the FDA-approved label. Further, if there are any modifications to the product, including changes in indications, other labeling changes, or manufacturing processes or facilities, we may be required to submit and obtain FDA approval of a new BLA or BLA supplement, which may require us to develop additional data or conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical trials, and/or require additional manufacturing data. Satisfaction of the FDA regulations and approval requirements or similar requirements of foreign regulatory agencies typically takes several years, and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. Typically, if a product candidate is intended to treat a chronic disease, as is the case with RI-002, safety and efficacy data must be gathered over an extended period of time. Government regulation may delay or prevent marketing of product candidates for a considerable period of time and impose costly procedures upon our activities. The FDA or any other regulatory agency may not grant approvals for changes in dose form or new indications for a product candidate on a timely basis, or at all. Even if a product candidate receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific disease states, patient populations and dosages. Further, even after regulatory approval is obtained, later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product may result in restrictions on the product or even complete withdrawal of the product from the market. Delays in obtaining, or failures to obtain, regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates would harm our business. In addition, we cannot predict what adverse governmental regulations may arise from future United States or foreign governmental action. 15 Table of Contents Other Regulatory Requirements Any products manufactured or distributed by us pursuant to future FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including certain kinds of monitoring in the manufacturing of our products, recordkeeping requirements and reporting of adverse experiences associated with the product. Product manufacturers and their subcontractors are required to register with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements, including cGMP, which impose certain procedural and documentation requirements upon us and our third-party manufacturers. Failure to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements can subject a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as warning letters, suspension of manufacturing, sales or use, seizure of product, injunctive action or possible fines and other penalties. We cannot be certain that we or our present or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers will be able to comply with the cGMP regulations and other ongoing FDA regulatory requirements. If we or our present or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers are not able to comply with these requirements, the FDA may halt our clinical trials, require us to recall a product from distribution, or withdraw approval of the BLA for that product. The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of products, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet. A company can make only those claims relating to safety and efficacy that are approved by the FDA. Failure to comply with these requirements can result in adverse publicity, warning and/or other regulatory letters, corrective advertising and potential major fines and other penalties. Regulation of ADMA BioCenters All blood and blood product collection and manufacturing centers which engage in interstate commerce must be licensed by the FDA. In order to achieve licensure, the organization must submit a BLA and undergo pre-licensure inspection. Our ADMA BioCenters, Norcross, Georgia facility has completed these requirements and received its FDA license in August 2011. In order to maintain the license, the facilities operated by ADMA BioCenters will be inspected at least every two years. ADMA BioCenters is also required to submit annual reports to the FDA. In order to sell plasma at our new plasma collection facility in Marietta, Georgia, we will be required to seek licensure by the FDA for such facility which may require the expenditure of additional resources, and take an indeterminate period of time. Blood plasma collection and manufacturing centers are also subject to the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments, or CLIA, state licensure, and compliance with industry standards such as the International Quality Plasma Program, or IQPP. Compliance with state and industry standards is verified by means of routine inspection. We believe that ADMA BioCenters, Norcross, Georgia is currently in compliance with state and industry standards. Delays in obtaining, or failures to obtain, regulatory approvals for any facility operated by ADMA BioCenters would harm our business. In addition, we cannot predict what adverse federal and state regulations and industry standards may arise in the future. Foreign Regulation In addition to regulations in the United States, if we choose to pursue clinical development and commercialization in the European Union, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials and commercial sales and distribution of any future product. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval of a product by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. 16 Table of Contents Under European Union regulatory systems, marketing authorizations may be submitted either under a centralized or mutual recognition procedure. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European Union member states. The mutual recognition procedure provides for mutual recognition of national approval decisions. Under this procedure, the holder of a national marketing authorization may submit an application to the remaining member states. Within 90 days of receiving the applications and assessment report, each member state must decide whether to recognize approval, refuse it or request additional information. Research and Development ADMA’s expenditures on research and development were approximately $9.5 million and $9.3 million for fiscal years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Employees ADMA Biologics, Inc., together with its subsidiaries ADMA Plasma Biologics, Inc. and ADMA BioCenters, Inc., has 60 full-time employees, as well as additional full-and part-time consultants and temporary staff. Over the course of the next year, we anticipate hiring additional full-time employees devoted to sales and marketing, medical and scientific affairs, general and administrative, as well as hiring additional staff to the plasma collection center as appropriate. We intend to use clinical research organizations, or CROs, third parties and consultants to perform our clinical studies and manufacturing, regulatory affairs and quality control services in addition to corporate marketing, branding and commercialization activities. Corporate Information ADMA Biologics, Inc. (“Former ADMA”) was incorporated in New Jersey on June 24, 2004 and re-incorporated in Delaware on July 16, 2007. On February 13, 2012, Former ADMA merged (the “Merger”) into a Delaware “blank check” company, which had been incorporated in 2006 and which changed its name to ADMA Biologics, Inc. upon completion of the Merger. The Company maintains a website at www.admabiologics.com; however, the information on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This Annual Report on Form 10-K and all of the Company's filings under the Exchange Act, including copies of annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports, are available free of charge through our website on the date we file those materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or the SEC. Such filings are also available to the public on the internet at the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . The public may also read and copy any document that we file at the SEC's Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 on official business days during the hours of 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. For further information on the Public Reference Room, the public is instructed to call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Item 1A. Risk Factors There are numerous and varied risks that may prevent us from achieving our goals. We believe that the following are the material risks that we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and investors in our common stock could lose all or part of their investment. Risks Relating to our Business We have only one product candidate in Phase III clinical development. If we are unable to successfully develop and commercialize this product candidate or experience significant delays in doing so, our business will be materially harmed. RI-002 is our only product candidate currently in clinical development. On December 3, 2014, we announced that RI-002 demonstrated positive Phase III results and successfully achieved its primary endpoint and preliminary analysis indicates that treatment with RI-002 resulted in no SBI’s observed in study subjects during the trial. On February 22, 2015, at the 2015 American Academy of Allergy Asthma & Immunology Annual Meeting, scientific investigators reported on the secondary outcomes. 17 Table of Contents Our success is substantially dependent upon achieving regulatory approval and successfully commercializing RI-002. The success of RI-002 and any of our other product candidates will depend on several factors. If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our drug candidates, which would materially harm our business. We currently generate no revenue from the sale of any products and we may never be able to develop a marketable product. We have invested substantially all of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our human blood plasma platform, the identification of potential product candidates using that platform and the development of our product candidates. Other than with respect to RI-002, our ability to generate revenue from any of our other product candidates, which we do not expect will occur for many years, if ever, will depend heavily on their successful development and eventual commercialization. The success of RI-002 and other product candidates will depend on several factors, including: · successful completion of preclinical studies and clinical trials; · receipt of marketing approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; · obtaining and maintaining patent and trade secret protection and regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates; · our contract manufacturers’ ability to maintain their regulatory licenses and continue operations; · making arrangements with third-party manufacturers for, or establishing, commercial manufacturing capabilities; · launching commercial sales of the products, if and when approved, whether alone or in collaboration with others; · acceptance of the products, if and when approved, by patients, the medical community, governmental and third-party payors; · effectively competing with other therapies; · obtaining and maintaining healthcare coverage and adequate reimbursement; · protecting our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; and · maintaining a continued acceptable safety profile of the drugs following approval. If we do not achieve one or more of these factors in a timely manner or at all, we could experience significant delays or an inability to successfully commercialize our product candidates, which would materially harm our business. 18 Table of Contents To date, we have generated limited product revenues and will need to raise additional capital to operate our business, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. To date, we have generated limited revenues. Nearly, all of our revenues to date have been derived from the sale of plasma collected by our ADMA BioCenters facility in Norcross, Georgia, as well as our other plasma inventory sales. Unless and until we receive approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities for our RI-002 product candidate, which is anticipated at the earliest, the first half of 2016, if at all, we would therefore not expect to sell and generate revenue from the commercialization of RI-002 until after that date and we may be required to raise additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise in the future. Therefore, for the foreseeable future, we will have to fund all of our operations and capital expenditures from the revenues that may be generated by the sale of plasma collected by ADMA BioCenters, as well as cash on hand and potential future capital raises. While ADMA BioCenters is committed to maintain compliance with all applicable regulations, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain the FDA-license, GHA and MFDS certifications for our plasma collection center, which we need in order to sell plasma collected by ADMA BioCenters. Our long term liquidity will be dependent upon our ability to raise additional capital, fund our research and development and commercial programs and meet our obligations on a timely basis. If we are unable to successfully raise sufficient additional capital, we will likely not have sufficient cash flow and liquidity to fund our business operations, forcing us to curtail our activities and, ultimately, potentially cease operations. Even if we are able to raise additional capital, such financings may only be available on unattractive terms, resulting in significant dilution of stockholders' interests and, in such event, the value and potential future market price of our common stock may decline. We anticipate that, based upon our projected revenue and expenditures, our current cash and cash equivalents and short term investments will be sufficient to fund our operations into the first half of 2016. If our assumptions underlying our estimated expenses prove to be wrong, we may have to raise additional capital sooner than anticipated, and we currently do not have arrangements to obtain additional financing. Any such financing could be difficult to obtain or only available on unattractive terms and could result in significant dilution of stockholders' interests. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business plan and financial performance and could delay, discontinue or prevent product development and clinical trial activities or the approval of any of our potential products. In addition, we could be forced to reduce or forego sales and marketing efforts and forego attractive business opportunities. We are not currently profitable and may never become profitable. We have a history of losses and expect to incur substantial losses and negative operating cash flow for the foreseeable future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. For the years ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, we had net losses of $16.8 million and $15.5 million, respectively, and from our inception in 2004 through December 31, 2014, we have incurred a net loss of $69.4 million. Even if we succeed in developing and commercializing one or more product candidates, we expect to incur substantial losses for the foreseeable future and may never become profitable. We also expect to continue to incur significant operating and capital expenditures and anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially in the foreseeable future as we : · seek regulatory approval(s); · initiate commercialization and marketing efforts; · implement additional internal systems, controls and infrastructure; · hire additional personnel; and · expansion and build out of our plasma center network. We also expect to experience negative cash flow for the foreseeable future as we fund our operating losses and capital expenditures. As a result, we will need to generate significant revenues in order to achieve and maintain profitability. We may not be able to generate these revenues or achieve profitability in the future. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability could negatively impact the value of our securities. 19 Table of Contents We have a limited operating history upon which to base an investment decision. We have not demonstrated an ability to perform the functions necessary for the successful commercialization of RI-002. The successful development and commercialization of any product candidate will require us or our collaborators to perform a variety of functions, including: · undertaking product development and clinical trials; · participating in regulatory approval processes; · formulating and manufacturing products; and · conducting sales and marketing activities once authorized. Our operations thus far provide a limited basis for you to assess our ability to commercialize our product candidates and the advisability of investing in our securities. Our current product candidate, RI-002, requires extensive clinical data analysis and regulatory review and may require additional testing. Clinical trials and data analysis can be very expensive, time-consuming and difficult to design and implement. If we are unsuccessful in obtaining regulatory approval for RI-002 or any of our product candidates don't provide positive results, we may be required to delay or abandon development of such product, which would have a material adverse impact on our business. Continuing product development requires additional and extensive clinical testing. Human clinical trials are very expensive and difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. The clinical trial process is also time consuming. We cannot provide any assurance or certainty regarding when we might complete the clinical trial process or submit a BLA for regulatory approval for RI-002 or whether any such BLA will be accepted or approved. We estimate that the regulatory approval process for our product candidate, RI-002 will take between 12 to 18 months to complete and it could take up to several years for approval. Furthermore, failure can occur at any stage of the process, and we could encounter problems that cause us to abandon or repeat clinical trials. The commencement and completion of clinical trials may be delayed by several factors, including: · unforeseen safety issues; · determination of dosing issues; · lack of effectiveness during clinical trials; · slower than expected rates of patient recruitment; · inability to monitor patients adequately during or after treatment; and · inability or unwillingness of medical investigators to follow our clinical protocols. In addition, the FDA or an Institutional Review Board, or IRB, may suspend our clinical trials at any time if it appears that we are exposing participants to unacceptable health risks or if the FDA finds deficiencies in our IND submissions or the conduct of these trials. Therefore, we cannot provide any assurance or predict with certainty the schedule for future clinical trials. In the event we do not ultimately receive regulatory approval for RI-002, we may be required to terminate development of our only product candidate. Unless we acquire or develop other product candidates that are saleable, our business will be limited to plasma collection and sales. If the results of our clinical trials do not support our product candidate claims, completing the development of such product candidate may be significantly delayed or we may be forced to abandon development of such product candidate altogether. Even though our clinical trials have been completed as planned, we cannot be certain that their results will support our product candidate claims. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and we cannot be sure that the results of later clinical trials will replicate the results of prior clinical trials and preclinical testing. The clinical trial process may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. This failure would cause us to abandon a product candidate and may delay development of other product candidates. Any delay in, or termination of, our clinical trials will delay the filing of a BLA with the FDA and, ultimately, our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate product revenues. In addition, our clinical trials involve a relatively small patient population. Because of the small sample size, the results of these clinical trials may not be indicative of future results. In addition, certain portions of the clinical trial for RI-002 were performed outside of the United States, and therefore, may not have been performed in accordance with standards normally required by the FDA and other regulatory agencies. 20 Table of Contents Currently, our only viable product candidate is RI-002. If we do not obtain the necessary U.S. or worldwide regulatory approvals to commercialize RI-002, we will not be able to sell RI-002. At the present time, our entire focus is obtaining regulatory approval for RI-002, our only product candidate. If we cannot obtain regulatory approval for RI-002, our only source of revenue will be plasma collection and sales. We cannot assure you that we will receive the approvals necessary to commercialize RI-002 or any other product candidate we may acquire or develop in the future. In order to obtain FDA approval of RI-002 or any other product candidate requiring FDA approval, our clinical development must demonstrate that the product candidate is safe for humans and effective for its intended use, and we must submit a BLA. To attain required FDA approval of any other product candidate generally requires significant research and testing, referred to as preclinical studies, as well as human tests, referred to as clinical trials. Satisfaction of the FDA's regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate and requires substantial resources for research, development and testing. We cannot predict whether our research and clinical approaches will result in products that the FDA considers safe for humans and effective for indicated uses. The FDA has substantial discretion in the product approval process and may require us to conduct additional preclinical and clinical testing or to perform post-marketing studies. The approval process may also be delayed by changes in government regulation, future legislation or administrative action or changes in FDA policy that occur prior to or during our regulatory review. Delays in obtaining regulatory approvals may: · delay commercialization of, and our ability to derive product revenues from, our product candidate; · impose costly procedures on us; and · diminish any competitive advantages that we may otherwise enjoy. Even if we comply with all FDA requests, the FDA may ultimately reject our BLA. Our BLA is dependent upon our third party manufacturer continuing operations and maintaining compliance with rules and regulations. In addition, the FDA could determine that we must test additional subjects and/or require that we conduct further studies with more subjects. We may never obtain regulatory approval for RI-002, or any other potential product candidate. Failure to obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates will severely undermine our business by leaving us without a saleable product beyond the plasma collected by ADMA BioCenters, and therefore without any source of additional revenues if and until another product candidate can be developed and commercialized. There is no guarantee that we will ever be able to develop or acquire another product candidate. In foreign jurisdictions, we must receive approval from the appropriate regulatory authorities before we can commercialize any products. Foreign regulatory approval processes generally include all of the risks associated with the FDA approval procedures described above. We cannot assure you that we will receive the approvals necessary to commercialize any product candidate for sale outside the United States. We depend on third-party researchers, developers and vendors to develop RI-002, and such parties are, to some extent, outside of our control. We depend on independent investigators and collaborators, such as universities and medical institutions, contract laboratories, clinical research organizations and consultants to conduct our preclinical and clinical trials under agreements with us. These collaborators are not our employees and we cannot control the amount or timing of resources that they devote to our programs. These investigators may not assign as great a priority to our programs or pursue them as diligently as we would if we were undertaking such programs ourselves. If outside collaborators fail to devote sufficient time and resources to our product-development programs, or if their performance is substandard, the approval of our FDA application(s), if any, and our introduction of new products, if any, will be delayed. These collaborators may also have relationships with other commercial entities, some of whom may compete with us. If our collaborators assist our competitors at our expense, our competitive position would be harmed. A single customer accounts for substantially all of our revenues and, therefore, the loss of such customer could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Substantially all of our revenues are attributed to a single customer, Biotest. Our relationship with Biotest is an arm's length commercial relationship. The loss of Biotest as a customer or a material change in the revenue generated by Biotest could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Factors that could influence our relationships with our customers include, among other things: · our ability to sell our products at prices that are competitive with our competitors; · our ability to maintain features and quality standards for our products sufficient to meet the expectations of our customers; and · our ability to produce and deliver a sufficient quantity of our products in a timely manner to meet our customers’ requirements. 21 Table of Contents Additionally, an adverse change in the financial condition of Biotest could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Relying exclusively on third parties to manufacture and commercialize our product candidates exposes us to risks that may delay: testing, development, regulatory approval, commercialization and overall manufacturing of our product candidates. We have limited internal experience in manufacturing operations and do not intend to establish our own manufacturing facilities. We lack the internal resources to manufacture RI-002. Although we have agreements pertaining to the manufacture, testing, supply, storage and distribution of product supplies of RI-002, upon commercialization, it is possible that our manufacturing requirements may exceed the available supply allotments under our existing agreements. We rely on one third-party contractor to manufacture RI-002. Our anticipated future reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks: · we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA must approve any replacement contractor. This approval would require new testing and compliance inspections. In addition, a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, production of our products after receipt of FDA approval, if any; · third-party manufacturers might be unable to manufacture our products in the volume and of the quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any; · contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to successfully produce, store and distribute our products; · product manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with good manufacturing practice (cGMP) and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third-party manufacturers' compliance with these regulations and standards and our manufacturers may be found to be in noncompliance with certain regulations, which may impact our ability to manufacture our drug product; and · if any third-party manufacturer makes improvements in the manufacturing process for our products, we may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to the innovation. We may be required to pay fees or other costs for access to such improvements. Each of these risks could delay the approval, if any, of our product candidates by the FDA or the commercialization of our product candidates or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenues. Our contract manufacturer has announced that it received a warning letter from the FDA relating to an inspection at its Boca Raton location in August 2014 and that the warning letter does not prevent the manufacturing or distribution of any of its products. The receipt of the warning letter has not affected the manufacture or delivery to us of RI-002 by our contract manufacturer. If physicians and patients do not accept and use our product, our ability to generate revenue from sales will be materially impaired. Even if the FDA approves RI-002, physicians and patients may not accept and use it. Acceptance and use of our product will depend on a number of factors including: · perceptions by members of the health care community, including physicians, about the safety and effectiveness of our product; · cost-effectiveness of our product relative to competing products; · availability of reimbursement for our product from government or other healthcare payers; and · effectiveness of marketing and distribution efforts by us and our licensees and distributors, if any. 22 Table of Contents Because we expect sales of RI-002, if approved, to generate substantially all of our product revenues other than the revenue attainable from the sale of plasma collected by ADMA BioCenters, the failure of this product to find market acceptance would harm our business and could require us to seek additional financing or make such financing difficult to obtain on favorable terms, if at all. Industry and other market data used in this Annual Report and our other materials, including those undertaken by us or our engaged consultants, may prove to be unrepresentative of current and future market conditions or future results. This Annual Report and our other materials include statistical and other industry and market data that we obtained from industry publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties, and surveys and studies we commissioned, regarding the market potential for RI-002. Although we believe that such information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, neither the sources of such data, nor we, can guarantee the accuracy or completeness of such information. While we believe these industry publications and third party research, surveys and studies are reliable, we have not independently verified such data. With respect to the information from third party consultants, the results of that study represent the independent consultants’ own methodologies, assumptions, research, analysis, projections, estimations, composition of respondent pool, presentation of data, and adjustments, each of which may ultimately prove to be incorrect, and cause actual results and market viability to differ materially from those presented in such report. Readers should not place undue reliance on this information. Our long-term success may depend on our ability to supplement our existing RI-002 product candidate through new product development or the in-license or acquisition of other new products, and if our business development efforts are not successful, our ability to achieve profitability may be negatively impacted. Our current product development portfolio consists primarily of RI-002. We intend to seek to expand our current portfolio through new product development efforts or to in-license or acquire additional products. If we are not successful in developing or acquiring additional products, we will have to depend on our ability to raise capital for, and the successful development and commercialization of, RI-002 and the revenue we may generate from the sale of plasma attributable to the operations of ADMA BioCenters. Our loan and security agreement with Hercules is subject to acceleration in specified circumstances, which may result in Hercules taking possession and disposing of any collateral. We are obligated to begin making payments of principle and interest on October 1, 2015. On December 21, 2012, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, or the Loan Agreement, with Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc., or Hercules. Under the Loan Agreement, we borrowed $5.0 million. On February 24, 2014, we amended the Loan Agreement whereby Hercules provided us with an additional $10.0 million of available funding. As of December 2014, we have borrowed an aggregate of $15.0 million ($5.0 million was used to refinance the existing debt with Hercules and we accessed an additional $10.0 million of financing). Our obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a security interest in all of our assets, except for our intellectual property (which is subject to a negative pledge). The Loan Agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including limitations on acquisitions, dispositions, incurrence of indebtedness and the granting of security interests. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default, including upon the occurrence of any event deemed to result in a material adverse event, Hercules may, and at the written request of the requisite lenders shall, terminate the commitments under the facilities and declare any or all of the obligations to be immediately due and payable, without demand or notice to us. However, any event of default relating to timely payment of debts, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy or similar events will result in automatic acceleration. Among the remedies available to Hercules in case of an event of default are the taking possession and disposition of any collateral under the Loan Agreement. In addition, commencing October 1, 2015, we are obligated to begin making payments of principle and interest to Hercules under the Loan Agreement. 23 Table of Contents Developments by competitors may render our products or technologies obsolete or non-competitive. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. Should we obtain regulatory approval for RI-002 or any future product we may develop, we will have to compete with existing therapies. In addition, other companies may pursue the development of pharmaceuticals that target the same diseases and conditions that we are targeting. We face competition from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in the United States and abroad. In addition, companies pursuing different but related fields represent substantial competition. Many of these organizations competing with us have substantially greater capital resources, larger research and development staffs and facilities, longer product development history in obtaining regulatory approvals and greater manufacturing and marketing capabilities than we do. These organizations also compete with us to attract qualified personnel and parties for acquisitions, joint ventures or other collaborations. We do not currently own any issued patents and may never have any patents issued relating to our primary product candidate. If we are unable to protect our trade secrets or other proprietary rights, or if the patent applications we have on file do not get approved, our competitiveness and business prospects may be materially damaged. As we move forward in clinical development we are also uncovering novel aspects of our product and are drafting patents to cover our inventions. We do not currently own any issued patents and may never have any patents issued relating to our primary product candidate. Rather, we rely exclusively on a combination of trade secrets and nondisclosure and non-competition agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property, and we will continue to do so. There can be no assurance that our trade secret policies and practices or other agreements will adequately protect our intellectual property. The processes, systems, and/or security measures we use to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies as a result of any such breaches. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. There can be no assurance that the confidentiality, nondisclosure and non-competition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties with access to our proprietary information to protect our trade secrets, proprietary technology, processes and other proprietary rights, or any other security measures relating to such trade secrets, proprietary technology, processes and proprietary rights, will be adequate, will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. To the extent that our consultants, contractors or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. Third parties could obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and there can be no assurance that the required licenses would be available on reasonable terms or at all. We may not be able to operate our business without infringing third-party patents. Numerous United States and foreign patents and pending patent applications owned by third parties exist in fields that relate to the development and commercialization of immune globulins. In addition, many companies have employed intellectual property litigation as a way to gain a competitive advantage. It is possible that infringement claims may occur as the number of products and competitors in our market increases. In addition, to the extent that we gain greater visibility and market exposure as a public company, we face a greater risk of being the subject of intellectual property infringement claims. We cannot be certain that the conduct of our business does not and will not infringe intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. If our products, methods, processes and other technologies are found to infringe third party patent rights, we could be prohibited from manufacturing and commercializing the infringing technology, process or product unless we obtain a license under the applicable third party patent and pay royalties or are able to design around such patent. We may be unable to obtain a license on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and we may not be able to redesign our products or processes to avoid infringement. Even if we are able to redesign our products or processes to avoid an infringement claim, our efforts to design around the patent could require significant time, effort and expense and ultimately may lead to an inferior or more costly product and/or process. Any claim of infringement by a third party, even those without merit, could cause us to incur substantial costs defending against the claim and could distract our management from our business. Furthermore, if any such claim is successful, a court could order us to pay substantial damages, including compensatory damages for any infringement, plus prejudgment interest and could, in certain circumstances, treble the compensatory damages and award attorney fees. These damages could be substantial and could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results. A court also could enter orders that temporarily, preliminarily or permanently prohibit us, our licensees, if any, and our customers from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing one or more of our products or practicing our proprietary technologies or processes, or could enter an order mandating that we undertake certain remedial activities. Any of these events could seriously harm our business, operating results and financial condition. 24 Table of Contents Continued instability in the credit and financial markets may negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Financial markets in the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia continue to experience disruption, including, among other things, significant volatility in security prices, declining valuations of certain investments, as well as severely diminished liquidity and credit availability. Business activity across a wide range of industries and regions continues to be greatly reduced and local governments and many businesses are still suffering from the lack of consumer spending and the lack of liquidity in the credit markets. As a clinical-stage biotechnology company, we rely on third parties for several important aspects of our business, including contract manufacturing of drug product, plasma collection supplies, transportation and storage of plasma, and conduct of our clinical trials. These third parties may be unable to satisfy their commitments to us due to tightening of global credit from time to time, which would adversely affect our business. The continued instability in the credit and financial market conditions may also negatively impact our ability to access capital and credit markets and our ability to manage our cash balance. While we are unable to predict the continued duration and severity of the adverse conditions in the United States and other countries, any of the circumstances mentioned above could adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow or cash position. If we are unable to successfully manage our growth, our business may be harmed. Our success will depend on the expansion of our operations and the effective management of our growth, which will place a significant strain on our management and on our administrative, operational and financial resources. To manage this growth, we must expand our facilities, augment our operational, financial and management systems and hire and train additional qualified personnel. If we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business could be harmed. The loss of one or more key members of our management team could adversely affect our business. Our performance is substantially dependent on the continued service and performance of our management team, who have extensive experience and specialized expertise in our business. In particular, the loss of Adam S. Grossman, our President and CEO, could adversely affect our business and operating results. We do not have "key person" life insurance policies for any members of our management team. We have employment agreements with each of our executive officers, however, the existence of an employment agreement does not guarantee retention of members of our management team and we may not be able to retain those individuals for the duration of or beyond the end of their respective terms. If we are unable to hire additional qualified personnel, our ability to grow our business may be harmed. We will need to hire additional qualified personnel with expertise in commercialization, sales, marketing, medical affairs, reimbursement, government regulation, formulation and manufacturing and finance and accounting. In particular, over the next 12 months, we expect to hire several new employees devoted to commercialization, sales, marketing, medical and scientific affairs, regulatory affairs, quality control, financial, general and operational management. We expect that the hiring of such additional personnel will increase our annual expenditures by approximately $2.5 million or more. We compete for qualified individuals with numerous biopharmaceutical companies, universities and other research institutions. Competition for such individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that our search for such personnel will be successful. Attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical to our success and any failure to do so successfully may have a material adverse effect on us. 25 Table of Contents We currently collect human blood plasma at our Norcross, Georgia and our Marietta, Georgia locations and, if we cannot maintain and/or obtain FDA approval for these locations we may be adversely affected and potentially may not be able to sell and use this human blood plasma for future commercial purposes. We intend to seek and maintain FDA and other governmental and regulatory approvals of our collection facilities for the collection of human blood plasma. These facilities will be subject to FDA and other governmental and regulatory inspections and extensive regulation, including compliance with current good manufacturing practices, FDA and other government approvals. Failure to comply may result in enforcement action, which may significantly delay or suspend our operations for these locations. We have not yet applied for, nor received, approval from the FDA for the collection and marketing of human blood plasma from our Marietta, Georgia facility. If we do not receive such approval, or if the approval thereof is delayed, we will have increased our expense base without any ability to recognize corresponding revenue. We may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization of our products in response to product liability lawsuits. The testing and marketing of medical products entail an inherent risk of product liability. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our products. Our inability to obtain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of pharmaceutical products we develop, alone or with collaborators. Many of our business practices are subject to scrutiny by regulatory authorities, as well as to lawsuits brought by private citizens under federal and state laws. Failure to comply with applicable law or an adverse decision in lawsuits may result in adverse consequences to us. The laws governing our conduct in the United States are enforceable by criminal, civil and administrative penalties. Violations of laws such as the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, the Social Security Act (including the Anti-Kickback Law), the Public Health Service Act and the Federal False Claims Act, and any regulations promulgated under the authority of the preceding, may result in jail sentences, fines or exclusion from federal and state programs, as may be determined by Medicare, Medicaid and the Department of Health and Human Services and other regulatory authorities as well as by the courts. There can be no assurance that our activities will not come under the scrutiny of regulators and other government authorities or that our practices will not be found to violate applicable laws, rules and regulations or prompt lawsuits by private citizen "relators" under federal or state false claims laws. For example, under the Anti-Kickback Law and similar state laws and regulations, the offer or payment of anything of value for patient referrals, or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease, or ordering of any time or service reimbursable in whole or in part by a federal health care program is prohibited. This places constraints on the marketing and promotion of products and on common business arrangements, such as discounted terms and volume incentives for customers in a position to recommend or choose products for patients, such as physicians and hospitals, and these practices can result in substantial legal penalties, including, among others, exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Arrangements with referral sources such as purchasers, group purchasing organizations, physicians and pharmacists must be structured with care to comply with applicable requirements. Also, certain business practices, such as payments of consulting fees to healthcare providers, sponsorship of educational or research grants, charitable donations, interactions with healthcare providers that prescribe products for uses not approved by the FDA and financial support for continuing medical education programs, must be conducted within narrowly prescribed and controlled limits to avoid any possibility of wrongfully influencing healthcare providers to prescribe or purchase particular products or as a reward for past prescribing. Under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the companion Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, which together are referred to as the healthcare reform law, such payments by pharmaceutical manufacturers to United States healthcare practitioners and academic medical centers must be publicly disclosed. A number of states have similar laws in place. Additional and stricter prohibitions could be implemented by federal and state authorities. Where such practices have been found to be improper incentives to use such products, government investigations and assessments of penalties against manufacturers have resulted in substantial damages and fines. Many manufacturers have been required to enter into consent decrees or orders that prescribe allowable corporate conduct. Failure to satisfy requirements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act can also result in penalties, as well as requirements to enter into consent decrees or orders that prescribe allowable corporate conduct. In addition, while regulatory authorities generally do not regulate physicians' discretion in their choice of treatments for their patients, they do restrict communications by manufacturers on unapproved uses of approved products or on the potential safety and efficacy of unapproved products in development. Companies in the United States, Canada and the European Union cannot promote approved products for other indications that are not specifically approved by the competent regulatory authorities (e.g., FDA in the United States), nor can companies promote unapproved products. In limited circumstances, companies may disseminate to physicians information regarding unapproved uses of approved products or results of studies involving investigational products. If such activities fail to comply with applicable regulations and guidelines of the various regulatory authorities, we may be subject to warnings from, or enforcement action by, these authorities. Furthermore, if such activities are prohibited, it may harm demand for our products. Promotion of unapproved drugs or devices or unapproved indications for a drug or device is a violation of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and subjects us to civil and criminal sanctions. Furthermore, sanctions under the Federal False Claims Act have recently been brought against companies accused of promoting off-label uses of drugs, because such promotion induces the use and subsequent claims for reimbursement under Medicare and other federal programs. Similar actions for off-label promotion have been initiated by several states for Medicaid fraud. The healthcare reform law significantly strengthened provisions of the Federal False Claims Act, the Anti-Kickback Law that applies to Medicare and Medicaid, and other health care fraud provisions, leading to the possibility of greatly increased qui tam suits by relators for perceived violations. Violations or allegations of violations of the foregoing restrictions could materially and adversely affect our business. 26 Table of Contents We may be required to report detailed pricing information, net of included discounts, rebates and other concessions, to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS, for the purpose of calculating national reimbursement levels, certain federal prices and certain federal and state rebate obligations. Inaccurate or incomplete reporting of pricing information could result in liability under the False Claims Act, the federal Anti-Kickback Law and various other laws, rules and regulations. We will need to establish systems for collecting and reporting this data accurately to CMS and institute a compliance program to assure that the information collected is complete in all respects. If we report pricing information that is not accurate to the federal government, we could be subject to fines and other sanctions that could adversely affect our business. If we choose to pursue clinical development and commercialization in the European Union or otherwise market and sell our products outside of the United States, we must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and comply with regulatory requirements in such jurisdictions. The approval procedures vary among countries in complexity and timing. We may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the United States on a timely basis, if at all, which would preclude us from commercializing products in those markets. In addition, some countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, regulate the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals. In these countries, pricing discussions with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing approval for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of their product candidate to other available therapies. Such trials may be time-consuming and expensive, and may not show an advantage in efficacy for our products. If reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, in either the United States or the European Union, we could be adversely affected. Also, under the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, the United States has increasingly focused on regulating the conduct by United States businesses occurring outside of the United States, generally prohibiting remuneration to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. To enhance compliance with applicable health care laws, and mitigate potential liability in the event of noncompliance, regulatory authorities, such as the United States Health and Human Services Department Office of Inspector General, or OIG, have recommended the adoption and implementation of a comprehensive health care compliance program that generally contains the elements of an effective compliance and ethics program described in Section 8B2.1 of the United States Sentencing Commission Guidelines Manual. Increasing numbers of United States-based pharmaceutical companies have such programs. In the future, we may need to adopt healthcare compliance and ethics programs that would incorporate the OIG's recommendations, and train our applicable employees in such compliance. Such a program may be expensive and may not assure that we will avoid compliance issues. The manufacturing processes for plasma based biologics are complex and involve biological intermediates that are susceptible to contamination. Plasma is a raw material that is susceptible to damage and contamination and may contain human pathogens, any of which would render the plasma unsuitable as raw material for further manufacturing. For instance, improper storage of plasma, by us or third-party suppliers, may require us to destroy some of our raw material. If unsuitable plasma is not identified and discarded prior to the release of the plasma to the manufacturing process, it may be necessary to discard intermediate or finished product made from that plasma or to recall any finished product released to the market, resulting in a charge to cost of goods sold. The manufacture of our plasma products is an extremely complex process of fractionation, purification, filling and finishing. Our products can become non-releasable or otherwise fail to meet our stringent specifications or regulatory agencies' specifications through a failure in one or more of these process steps. We may detect instances in which an unreleased product was produced without adherence to our manufacturing procedures or plasma used in our production process was not collected or stored in a compliant manner consistent with our current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, or other regulations. Such an event of noncompliance would likely result in our determination that the implicated products should not be released or maybe replaced or withdrawn from the market and therefore should be destroyed. Once manufactured, our plasma-derived products must be handled carefully and kept at appropriate temperatures. Our failure, or the failure of third parties that supply, ship or distribute our products, to properly care for our products may require that those products be destroyed. Even if handled properly, biologics may form or contain particulates or have other issues or problems after storage which may require products to be destroyed or recalled. While we expect to write off small amounts of work-in-progress in the ordinary course of business due to the complex nature of plasma, our processes and our products, unanticipated events may lead to write-offs and other costs materially in excess of our expectations and the reserves we have established for these purposes. Such write-offs and other costs could cause material fluctuations in our profitability. 27 Table of Contents Furthermore, contamination of our products could cause investors, consumers, or other third parties with whom we conduct business to lose confidence in the reliability of our manufacturing procedures, which could adversely affect our sales and profits. In addition, faulty or contaminated products that are unknowingly distributed could result in patient harm, threaten the reputation of our products and expose us to product liability damages and claims from companies for whom we do contract manufacturing. Our ability to continue to produce safe and effective products depends on the safety of our plasma supply and manufacturing processes against transmittable diseases. Despite overlapping safeguards, including the screening of donors and other steps to remove or inactivate viruses and other infectious disease causing agents, the risk of transmissible disease through blood plasma products cannot be entirely eliminated. For example, since plasma-derived therapeutics involves the use and purification of human plasma, there has been concern raised about the risk of transmitting human immunodeficiency virus, or HIV, prions, West Nile virus, H1N1 virus or "swine flu" and other blood-borne pathogens through plasma-derived products. There are also concerns about the future transmission of H5N1 virus, or "bird flu." In the 1980s, thousands of hemophiliacs worldwide were infected with HIV through the use of contaminated Factor VIII. Other producers of Factor VIII, though not us, were defendants in numerous lawsuits resulting from these infections. New infectious diseases emerge in the human population from time to time. If a new infectious disease has a period during which time the causative agent is present in the bloodstream but symptoms are not present, it is possible that plasma donations could be contaminated by that infectious agent. Typically, early in an outbreak of a new disease, tests for the causative agent do not exist. During this early phase, we must rely on screening of donors (e.g., for behavioral risk factors or physical symptoms) to reduce the risk of plasma contamination. Screening methods are generally less sensitive and specific than a direct test as a means of identifying potentially contaminated plasma units. During the early phase of an outbreak of a new infectious disease, our ability to manufacture safe products would depend on the manufacturing process' capacity to inactivate or remove the infectious agent. To the extent that a product's manufacturing process is inadequate to inactivate or remove an infectious agent, our ability to manufacture and distribute that product would be impaired. If a new infectious disease were to emerge in the human population, the regulatory and public health authorities could impose precautions to limit the transmission of the disease that would impair our ability to procure plasma, manufacture our products or both. Such precautionary measures could be taken before there is conclusive medical or scientific evidence that a disease poses a risk for plasma-derived products. In recent years, new testing and viral inactivation methods have been developed that more effectively detect and inactivate infectious viruses in collected plasma. There can be no assurance, however, that such new testing and inactivation methods will adequately screen for, and inactivate, infectious agents in the plasma used in the production of our products. We could become supply-constrained and our financial performance would suffer if we cannot obtain adequate quantities of FDA-approved source plasma with proper specifications. In order for plasma to be used in the manufacturing of our products, the individual centers at which the plasma is collected must be licensed by the FDA, and approved by the regulatory authorities of any country in which we may wish to commercialize our products. When we open a new plasma center, and on an ongoing basis after licensure, it must be inspected by the FDA for compliance with cGMP and other regulatory requirements. An unsatisfactory inspection could prevent a new center from being licensed or risk the suspension or revocation of an existing license. We do not and will not have adequate source plasma to manufacture RI-002. Therefore, we are reliant on purchasing normal source plasma to manufacture RI-002. We can give no assurances that normal source plasma will be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. In order to maintain a plasma center's license, its operations must continue to conform to cGMP and other regulatory requirements. In the event that we determine that plasma was not collected in compliance with cGMP, we may be unable to use and may ultimately destroy plasma collected from that center, which would be recorded as a charge to cost of goods. Additionally, if non-compliance in the plasma collection process is identified after the impacted plasma has been pooled with compliant plasma from other sources, entire plasma pools, in-process intermediate materials and final products could be impacted. Consequently, we could experience significant inventory impairment provisions and write-offs which could adversely affect our business and financial results. We plan to increase our supplies of plasma for use in the manufacturing processes through increased collections at our existing and new plasma collection centers in Norcross, Georgia and Marietta, Georgia, respectively. This strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully integrate and develop our new center, obtain FDA approval for our new unlicensed plasma centers, to maintain a cGMP compliant environment in both plasma centers and to expand production and attract donors to both centers. There is no assurance that the FDA will inspect and license our unlicensed plasma collection centers in a timely manner consistent with our production plans. If we misjudge the readiness of a center for an FDA inspection, we may lose credibility with the FDA and cause the FDA to more closely examine all of our operations. Such additional scrutiny could materially hamper our operations and our ability to increase plasma collections. Our ability to expand production and increase our plasma collection centers to more efficient production levels may be affected by changes in the economic environment and population in selected regions where ADMA BioCenters operates its current or future plasma centers, by the entry of competitive plasma centers into regions where ADMA BioCenters operates such centers, by misjudging the demographic potential of individual regions where ADMA BioCenters expects to expand production and attract new donors, by unexpected facility related challenges, or by unexpected management challenges at selected plasma centers. Our ability to commercialize our products, alone or with collaborators, will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement will be available from government and health administration authorities, private health maintenance organizations and health insurers and other healthcare payers. 28 Table of Contents Our ability to generate product revenues will be diminished if our products sell for inadequate prices or patients are unable to obtain adequate levels of reimbursement. Significant uncertainty exists as to the reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products. Healthcare payers, including Medicare, are challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Government and other healthcare payers increasingly attempt to contain healthcare costs by limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for products. Even if one of our product candidates is approved by the FDA, insurance coverage may not be available, and reimbursement levels may be inadequate, to cover such product. If government and other healthcare payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement levels for one of our products, once approved, market acceptance of such product could be reduced. Prices in many countries, including many in Europe, are subject to local regulation and certain pharmaceutical products, such as plasma-derived products, are subject to price controls in several of the world's principal markets, including many countries within the European Union. In the United States, where pricing levels for our products are substantially established by third-party payors, if payors reduce the amount of reimbursement for a product, it may cause groups or individuals dispensing the product to discontinue administration of the product, to administer lower doses, to substitute lower cost products or to seek additional price-related concessions. These actions could have a negative effect on financial results, particularly in cases where our products command a premium price in the marketplace, or where changes in reimbursement induce a shift in the site of treatment. The existence of direct and indirect price controls and pressures over our products could materially adversely affect our financial prospects and performance. The new biosimilar pathway established as part of the healthcare reform may make it easier for competitors to market biosimilar products. The healthcare reform law also introduced a biosimilar pathway that will permit companies to obtain FDA approval of generic versions of existing biologics based upon reduced documentation and data requirements deemed sufficient to demonstrate safety and efficacy than are required for the pioneer biologics. The new law provides that a biosimilar application may be submitted as soon as 4 years after the reference product is first licensed, and that the FDA may not make approval of an application effective until 12 years after the reference product was first licensed. With the likely introduction of biosimilars in the United States, we expect in the future to face greater competition from biosimilar products, including a possible increase in patent challenges. The FDA has reported meeting with sponsors who are interested in developing biosimilar products, and is developing regulations to implement the abbreviated regulatory review pathway. 29 Table of Contents The implementation of the healthcare reform law in the United States may adversely affect our business. Through the March 2010 adoption of the healthcare reform law in the United States, substantial changes are being made to the current system for paying for healthcare in the United States, including programs to extend medical benefits to millions of individuals who currently lack insurance coverage. The changes contemplated by the healthcare reform law are subject to rule-making and implementation timelines that extend for several years, and this uncertainty limits our ability to forecast changes that may occur in the future. However, implementation has already begun with respect to certain significant cost-saving measures under the healthcare reform law, for example with respect to several government healthcare programs that may cover the cost of our future products, including Medicaid, Medicare Parts B and D, and these efforts could have a materially adverse impact on our future financial prospects and performance. For example, with respect to Medicaid, in order for a manufacturer's products to be reimbursed by federal funding under Medicaid, the manufacturer must enter into a Medicaid rebate agreement with the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, and pay certain rebates to the states based on utilization data provided by each state to the manufacturer and to CMS, and pricing data provided by the manufacturer to the federal government. The states share this savings with the federal government, and sometimes implement their own additional supplemental rebate programs. Under the Medicaid drug rebate program, the rebate amount for most branded drug products was previously equal to a minimum of 15.1% of the Average Manufacturer Price, or AMP, or the AMP less Best Price, whichever is greater. Effective January 1, 2010, the healthcare reform law generally increases the size of the Medicaid rebates paid by manufacturers for single source and innovator multiple source (brand name) drug product from a minimum of 15.1% to a minimum of 23.1% of the AMP, subject to certain exceptions, for example, for certain clotting factors, the increase is limited to a minimum of 17.1% of the AMP. For non-innovator multiple source (generic) products, the rebate percentage is increased from a minimum of 11.0% to a minimum of 13.0% of AMP. In 2010, the healthcare reform law also newly extended this rebate obligation to prescription drugs covered by Medicaid managed care organizations. These increases in required rebates may adversely affect our future financial prospects and performance. In order for a pharmaceutical product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicare Part B and Medicaid programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the AMP and Medicaid rebate amounts reported by the manufacturer. As the 340B drug pricing is determined based on AMP and Medicaid rebate data, the revisions to the Medicaid rebate formula and AMP definition described above could cause the required 340B discount to increase. Effective in 2011, the healthcare reform law imposed an annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription drugs and biologic agents, apportioned among these entities according to their market share in certain government healthcare programs. These fees may adversely affect our future financial prospects and performance. The healthcare reform law established the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation within CMS to test innovative payment and service delivery models to lower Medicare and Medicaid spending, potentially including prescription drug spending. Funding has been allocated to support the mission of the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation through 2019. The healthcare reform law also creates new rebate obligations for our products under Medicare Part D, a partial, voluntary prescription drug benefit created by the United States federal government primarily for persons 65 years old and over. The Part D drug program is administered through private insurers that contract with CMS. Beginning in 2011, the healthcare reform law generally requires that in order for a drug manufacturer's products to be reimbursed under Medicare Part D, the manufacturer must enter into a Medicare Coverage Gap Discount Program agreement with the Secretary of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, and reimburse each Medicare Part D plan sponsor an amount equal to 50% savings for the manufacturer's brand name drugs and biologics which the Part D plan sponsor has provided to its Medicare Part D beneficiaries who are in the "donut hole" (or a gap in Medicare Part D coverage for beneficiaries who have expended certain amounts for drugs). The Part D plan sponsor is responsible for calculating and providing the discount directly to its beneficiaries and for reporting these amounts paid to CMS's contractor, which notifies drug manufacturers of the rebate amounts it must pay to each Part D plan sponsor. The rebate requirement could adversely affect our future financial performance, particularly if contracts with Part D plans cannot be favorably renegotiated or the Part D plan sponsors fail to accurately calculate payments due in a manner that overstates our rebate obligation. Regarding access to our products, the healthcare reform law established and provided significant funding for a Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to coordinate and fund Comparative Effectiveness Research, or CER. While the stated intent of CER is to develop information to guide providers to the most efficacious therapies, outcomes of CER could influence the reimbursement or coverage for therapies that are determined to be less cost-effective than others. Should any of our products be determined to be less cost effective than alternative therapies, the levels of reimbursement for these products, or the willingness to reimburse at all, could be impacted, which could materially impact our future financial prospects and results. Developments in the worldwide economy may adversely impact our business. The difficult economic environment may adversely affect demand for our products. RI-002, our current product candidate, is expected to be sold to hospitals, specialty pharmacies and clinicians in the United States. As a result of loss of jobs, patients may lose medical insurance and be unable to purchase supply or may be unable to pay their share of deductibles or co-payments. Hospitals adversely affected by the economy may steer patients to less costly therapies, resulting in a reduction in demand, or demand may shift to public health hospitals, which may purchase at a lower government price. While to date we cannot directly trace any material reduction in demand to the recession, if economic conditions do not improve, the impact may become material. 30 Table of Contents Risks Relating to our Finances, Capital Requirements and Other Financial Matters We are a clinical stage company with a history of operating losses that are expected to continue and we are unable to predict the extent of future losses, whether we will generate significant revenues or whether we will achieve or sustain profitability. We are a clinical stage company and our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by similarly situated companies. We have generated net losses in all periods since our inception in June 2004 including losses of approximately $16.8 million and $15.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. We have an accumulated deficit of $69.4 million since inception. We expect to make substantial expenditures and incur increasing operating costs in the future and our accumulated deficit will increase significantly as we expand commercial development and clinical trial activities for our product candidates. Our losses have had, and are expected to continue to have, an adverse impact on our working capital, total assets and stockholders' equity. Because of the risks and uncertainties associated with product development, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses, whether we will ever generate significant revenues or if we will ever achieve or sustain profitability. We may require additional funding and may be unable to raise capital when needed, which would force us to delay, curtail or eliminate one or more of our research and development programs or commercialization efforts. Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. During the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we incurred research and development expenses of approximately $9.5 million and $9.3 million, respectively. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts on product development, including commercialization, activities, conducting potential future clinical trials for our product candidates and purchasing clinical trial materials from our suppliers. We anticipate that, based upon our projected revenue and expenditures, our current cash and cash equivalents, short term investments will be sufficient to fund our operations into the first half of 2016. We have based this estimate, however, on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could spend our available financial resources much faster than we currently expect. Until such time, if ever, as we can generate a sufficient amount of product revenue and achieve profitability, we expect to seek to finance future cash needs through equity or debt financings or corporate collaboration and licensing arrangements. Other than the Loan Agreement with Hercules, we currently have no agreements relating to any of these types of transactions and we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital, we will have to delay, curtail or eliminate our product development, including conducting clinical trials for our product candidates and purchasing clinical trial materials from our suppliers. Raising additional funds by issuing securities or through licensing or lending arrangements may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish proprietary rights. To the extent that we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, the share ownership of existing stockholders will be diluted. Any future debt financing may involve covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, redeem our stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions, among other restrictions. In addition, if we raise additional funds through licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish potentially valuable rights to our product candidates, or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which we hold our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments fail. We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or FDIC, insurance limit. While we monitor daily the cash balances in the operating accounts and adjust the balances as appropriate, these balances could be impacted, and there could be a material adverse effect on our business, if one or more of the financial institutions with which we deposit fails or is subject to other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets. To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to our invested cash or cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurance that access to our invested cash and cash equivalents will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial and credit markets. 31 Table of Contents If we fail to maintain proper and effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements could be impaired, which could harm our operating results, investors' views of us and, as a result, the value of our common stock. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules, or SOX, our management is required to report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. The rules governing the standards that must be met for management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant documentation, testing and possible remediation. To comply with the requirements of being a reporting company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act, we have been required to upgrade, and may need to implement further upgrades to our systems, including information technology, implement additional financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures and hire additional accounting and finance staff. Risks Associated with our Capital Stock The market price of our common stock may be volatile and may fluctuate in a way that is disproportionate to our operating performance. Our stock price may experience substantial volatility as a result of a number of factors, including: · sales or potential sales of substantial amounts of our common stock; · delay or failure in initiating or completing preclinical or clinical trials or unsatisfactory results of these trials; · announcements about us or about our competitors, including clinical trial results, regulatory approvals or new product introductions; · developments concerning our licensors or product manufacturers; · litigation and other developments relating to our patents or other proprietary rights or those of our competitors; · conditions in the pharmaceutical or biotechnology industries; · governmental regulation and legislation; · variations in our anticipated or actual operating results; and · change in securities analysts’ estimates of our performance, or our failure to meet analysts’ expectations. Many of these factors are beyond our control. The stock markets in general, and the market for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies in particular, have historically experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. These broad market and industry factors could reduce the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, may adversely impact the price of our common stock. As of December 31, 2014, almost all of our 9,291,823 outstanding shares of common stock, as well as a substantial number of shares of our common stock underlying outstanding warrants, are available for sale in the public market, either pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or may become available under registration statements we intend to file in the future. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock, or the perception that such sales may occur, may adversely impact the price of our common stock. 32 Table of Contents We have never paid and do not intend to pay cash dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, will be your sole source of gain. We have never paid cash dividends on any of our capital stock and we currently intend to retain future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business. In addition, the terms of existing and future debt agreements may preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Our affiliates control the majority of our shares of common stock. Provisions in our certificate of incorporation, our by-laws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. Provisions of our certificate of incorporation, our by-laws and Delaware law may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeovers or delaying or preventing a change in control of our company or changes in our management, including transactions in which our stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. Our directors and executive officers and their affiliates beneficially own approximately 67% of the outstanding shares of common stock. In addition, these provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. These provisions include: · the inability of stockholders to call special meetings; and the ability of our Board of Directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could include the right to approve an acquisition or other change in our control or could be used to institute a rights plan, also known as a poison pill, that would work to dilute the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our Board of Directors; and · classification of our board of directors and limitation on filling of vacancies could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire, or discourage a third party from seeking to acquire, control of our company. In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder, generally a person which together with its affiliates owns, or within the last three years, has owned 15% of our voting stock, for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a prescribed manner. The existence of the forgoing provisions and anti-takeover measures could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of our company, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. In addition, as a result of the concentration of ownership of our shares of common stock, our stockholders may from time to time, observe instances where there may be less liquidity in the public markets for our securities. If we fail to adhere to the strict listing requirements of NASDAQ, we may be subject to delisting. As a result, our stock price may decline and our common stock may be delisted. If our stock were no longer listed on NASDAQ, the liquidity of our securities likely would be impaired. Our common stock currently trades on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol ADMA. If we fail to adhere to NASDAQ's strict listing criteria, including with respect to stock price and stockholders’ equity, our stock may be delisted. This could potentially impair the liquidity of our securities not only in the number of shares that could be bought and sold at a given price, which may be depressed by the relative illiquidity, but also through delays in the timing of transactions and the potential reduction in media coverage. As a result, an investor might find it more difficult to dispose of our common stock. We believe that current and prospective investors would view an investment in our common stock more favorably if it continues to be listed on NASDAQ. Any failure at any time to meet the continuing NASDAQ listing requirements could have an adverse impact on the value of and trading activity in our common stock. 33 Table of Contents We are an “emerging growth company,” and may elect to comply with reduced public company reporting requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,” as defined by the JOBS Act. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, reduce certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. As an “emerging growth company,” we may, under Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, delay adoption of new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until such standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We may take advantage of this extended transition period until the first to occur of the date that we (i) are no longer an “emerging growth company” or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of this extended transition period. We could be an emerging growth company until October 16, 2018, which is the fifth anniversary of the first sale of our common equity securities pursuant to an effective registration statement under the Securities Act. However, if certain events occur prior to the end of such five-year period, including if we become a “large accelerated filer,” our annual gross revenues exceed $1 billion or we issue more than $1 billion of non-convertible debt in any three-year period, we would cease to be an emerging growth company prior to the end of such five-year period. We have elected to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. Until the date that we are no longer an “emerging growth company” or affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the exemption provided by Securities Act Section 7(a)(2)(B), upon issuance of a new or revised accounting standard that applies to our financial statements and that has a different effective date for public and private companies, we will disclose the date on which adoption is required for non-emerging growth companies and the date on which we will adopt the recently issued accounting standard. As an emerging growth company, we are also exempt from the requirement to have our independent auditors provide an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choice we make to reduce disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. Item 1B