, “We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from international markets and plan to continue to expand such efforts, which subjects us to additional business risks including increased logistical and financial complexity, managing internal controls and processes, political instability, and currency fluctuations.” Products: UPS and MIS UPS Our UPS products serve two primary functions. First, during normal operations they are continuously conditioning (“cleaning”) the incoming power from the utility and delivering “conditioned” power to the client’s mission critical load. In this mode, the UPS regulates incoming utility power fluctuations in voltage and frequency. Second, if there is any interruption in the utility source, the UPS will provide temporary, or bridging power, until either the utility power is restored or an alternative generating source, such as a diesel generator, begins to provide power. This role of the UPS in the context of a continuous power application is illustrated below: 6 Table of Contents CleanSource 300/250 Series UPS Active Power introduced the world’s first integrated flywheel UPS product in 1999, integrating UPS power electronics with flywheel energy storage technology. The flywheel stores kinetic energy – energy produced by motion – by constantly spinning a compact rotor in a low friction environment. When short-term backup power is required due to utility power fluctuations or losses, the UPS draws upon the stored kinetic energy of the spinning flywheel to generate electricity for the load until utility power returns. The flywheel immediately supports the critical load upon loss of utility power. Combining CleanSource UPS with a generator provides customers with complete short- and long-term protection in the event of a power disturbance. Within seconds of an extended outage occurring, the UPS signals the generator to start via the automatic transfer switch. The generator then carries the load until utility power is restored. The following is an illustration of our typical flywheel-based UPS system: We market our flywheel-based UPS systems under the brand name CleanSource UPS rated at 300 kVA and 250 kVA for 480V and 400V applications, respectively. CleanSource UPS is a battery-free UPS system that integrates proprietary UPS electronics and our flywheel energy storage system into one compact cabinet lineup. We currently offer CleanSource UPS products in power configurations ranging up to 1.5 MVA (million volt ampere) with the ability to parallel these products to provide even more protected power. CleanSource HD UPS Series In November 2012, we introduced our CleanSource 750/625HD UPS (see illustration below) which is available in standalone modules rated at 750 kVA and 625 kVA for 480V and 400V applications, respectively. This system is scalable and can be paralleled together to provide even more protected power. The product’s design allows for the use of auxiliary batteries in the event the customer requires extended, autonomous run time for certain applications. We believe CleanSource 750/625HD provides the reliability, power density, and total cost of ownership benefits that will make it a favorable complement to our existing products for large data center and other mission critical applications. Our UPS products represented 57%, 37%, and 46% of total revenue in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. 7 Table of Contents Modular Infrastructure Solutions (MIS) CleanSource PowerHouse For customers looking for a complete, integrated continuous power system, we package our CleanSource UPS along with switchboards and automatic transfer switch; monitoring and control systems; fire detection; lighting; security; and air conditioning into a fully integrated system. Due to the space efficiencies of our UPS products, we are able to offer all of these components in a pre-packaged containerized solution that we market under the brand name CleanSource PowerHouse (see illustration below). This solution offers customers the key benefits of our CleanSource UPS product line, including space efficiency and high operating temperature ranges compared to a legacy battery-based UPS. CleanSource PowerHouse is packaged in a purpose-built enclosure that can be deployed by customers indoors or outdoors, with size and features customized depending upon the customer’s power load requirements and local and national regulatory requirements. These systems are specifically designed to handle the demands of data centers and other mission critical applications requiring the highest power integrity available while maximizing uptime, useable floor space, and operational efficiency. Our systems are offered in eight standard modular power configurations that enable sizing for power (and cooling) infrastructure. CleanSource PowerHouse delivers significant value to customers as the entire system is integrated and tested prior to delivery for a repeatable and simple solution. CleanSource PowerHouse is used to support a variety of applications including facility expansion, temporary critical power needs such as event support, disaster recovery, or to support a containerized data center. In March 2013, we introduced a redesigned CleanSource PowerHouse product line that provides lower acquisition cost, faster time to deployment, and improved monitoring, controls, and analytics software versus a conventional data center electrical room. Modular IT To better serve our customers, we use our expertise in integration, containerization, and power distribution to manufacture containerized infrastructure solutions designed to specification for select business partners on a contract basis. Modular IT infrastructure solutions refer to the components of a containerized data center. These modular IT products can include an outer shell and outfitting the interior of the enclosure with electrical, cooling, and monitoring components. Our clients then add IT equipment including servers and racks, resulting in a self-contained modular data center that our partners deliver to end users. Modular IT systems may be rapidly deployed with CleanSource PowerHouse as a cost-effective alternative to traditional data center construction. Our products are designed to perform well in harsh environments where power quality or reliability are particularly poor, which makes them a good fit for countries with poor power infrastructure; in harsh manufacturing or process environments; or situations where reliability is paramount. Therefore, we have traditionally focused our direct sales efforts on these types of customer applications. Our MIS products (CleanSource PowerHouse and modular IT) represented 17%, 35%, and 35% of total revenue in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. 8 Table of Contents Service We deliver worldwide customer support that offers clients assessment, implementation, and lifecycle support services for all Active Power products. Building a portfolio of services to work with clients through the lifecycle of their power assessment design and implementation process is a key element of our service growth strategy. We offer the following services to our clients: · Deployment . Our experienced group of project managers will work with a client to develop a timely deployment schedule that avoids disrupting day-to-day business activity. We ensure expectations are clearly defined through the deployment phase; · Start-Up and Commissioning . Once the system is deployed, our team takes the system through a rigorous commissioning process to help ensure the system is working to specification. Our engineers work closely with the client’s team to make certain they are educated and trained on the successful operation of the system; · Service, Support and Monitoring . Clients can choose from a variety of comprehensive service and support offerings, tiered to match an organization’s internal capabilities and requirements. We also offer remote monitoring service through our headquarters in Austin, Texas, locally at the client’s facility, or as a combination offering; · Infrastructure Needs Assessment . We work locally through our global network of mission critical infrastructure engineers and project managers to assess the power and cooling needs of a client’s facility; · Vetting and Validation . Our teams of experienced application engineers use comprehensive assessments to vet and validate the optimal solution that complements a client’s business continuity plan; · Alignment with Business Objectives . Through continuous communication, our teams help ensure the solution accurately aligns with the original needs assessment and a client’s short-term and projected future business objectives; and · System Design . We design client solutions to ensure all components are optimized with a particular focus on reliability, efficiency, and cost effectiveness in determining the correct match and interoperability between components. Service revenues represented 26%, 28%, and 19% of our total revenue in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. UPS and MIS Market Drivers We believe there are several market dynamics fueling the growth of the UPS and MIS markets and the need for power dense (less floor space is used), reliable, and low cost backup power. These include: Increase in data usage and storage and in data center density: · Growth of enterprise data, social networking sites, web-based applications, cloud computing, and other similar technologies requires data centers to invest in more IT and physical infrastructure equipment to support growth in use and storage requirements; · Additional IT and infrastructure requires more floor space; and · Enterprises’ need for more power density to accommodate IT equipment more efficiently within a given space. More awareness of energy efficiency from both a corporate social responsibility and financial perspective: · More investment in highly efficient, sustainable technologies to keep electricity costs down and to stay competitive in the marketplace; · Customer preferences for clean, green technologies that do not contain toxic, harmful chemicals and avoid disposal costs associated with electro-chemical battery-based energy storage; · Government legislation like the United Kingdom Carbon Reduction Commitment Energy Scheme and other cap and trade programs are becoming more prominent to help control carbon emissions; and · Electricity costs are the single highest operating costs for many organizations due to the substantial amount of power needed to support data center facilities. Modular data centers are becoming more commonplace, not only for specific niche applications like military and high density computing environments: 9 Table of Contents · Colocation sites that house modular data centers are becoming more prevalent due to performance and tangible economic benefits; · Short lead times and rapid deployment capability due to use of factory built and tested systems are expected to increase demand for modular data center products, particularly for those organizations that do not have capital readily available to commit to building a brick and mortar facility; and · A modular design-build approach is a more capital efficient model that enables organizations to deploy IT and infrastructure as business and IT needs evolve, reducing underutilization. Customers focused on convenience and improving margins: · More mission critical organizations are moving towards innovatively designed, turnkey data center and infrastructure solutions that involve less risk, cost, and complexity and more automation; and · Organizations want the ability to rapidly deploy IT and associated power and cooling infrastructure. Increase in global energy consumption: · Rapid industrialization of highly populated world regions is increasing global energy demand and placing a premium on reliability of energy supply and sensitivity to loss of power; and · There is an increasing cost to produce and consume electricity due to depletion of finite fossil fuel sources, instability in oil-producing regions, and a preference for green energy sources. Increasing economic impact of a power interruption to users: · The financial cost of a power interruption through loss of products, manufacturing down time, and computer processing interruptions; and · Reputational cost of a power interruption to businesses. Value Proposition We believe our offerings deliver an unmatched combination of reliability, power density, and low total cost of ownership. The core differentiators for our products and solutions are the following: · Proven to reduce failure risk by 80% versus legacy UPS · Unique patented design delivers predictable, consistent, and continuous operation · Superior power density: critical power delivered in about half the space of legacy UPS · Frees up more floor space for revenue generating equipment (i.e. IT equipment, etc.) · Lower operating expenses through superior energy efficiency, reduced cooling needs, lower maintenance costs, and no battery changes · Delivers up to 60% in total cost of ownership savings to customers Competition We compete with two primary products: UPS products and MIS products. 10 Table of Contents UPS Products . Our CleanSource UPS products compete primarily against conventional battery-based UPS systems from vendors such as Emerson/Liebert, Eaton/Powerware, and APC/MGE. We also compete against rotary (battery-free) UPS systems from vendors such as Piller, Eurodiesel, and Hitec. For applications requiring less than one megawatt of critical load, we largely compete against battery-based competitors and for applications greater than one megawatt we tend to compete against rotary systems vendors. We believe there is greater market acceptance of battery-free solutions (such as flywheel and rotary) compared to battery-based solutions in the one-megawatt and higher power range, making this a very strong market for our CleanSource 750/625HD UPS. Several of the leading conventional UPS battery vendors offer flywheel-based energy storage in place of batteries. Vycon is the principal manufacturer of these flywheel systems. Our primary basis of competition as compared to battery-based UPS systems is product differentiation and our advantages in reliability, power density (less floor space is used), and total cost of ownership. Modular Infrastructure Solutions . We provide competitive offerings in both the modular power and modular IT infrastructure segments. There are a variety of competitors with similar capabilities including systems integrators and value added service providers who may procure system components and assemble custom solutions. We believe that we are one of only a few manufacturers in the world offering pre-packaged standard MIS solutions for quick delivery globally. Because of the significant up-front investment required, and the longer period between order and delivery relative to our UPS products, a significant increase in sales of our MIS products may materially increase the amount of working capital required to fund our operations. The power density advantages we enjoy with our UPS products allow us to offer higher continuous power levels within the physical constraints of the containerized space compared to our battery-based competitors, which we believe is a barrier to entry for them. Our UPS products’ ability to operate in temperatures of up to 40 degrees Celsius in non-air -conditioned environments (such as a shell building or open-air facility) also acts as a competitive advantage for us compared to battery-based UPS systems which require sufficient air conditioning to operate. We believe our experience with the power and cooling requirements of the infrastructure provides us with a competitive advantage in the design and manufacturing of these products compared to less experienced manufacturers. Further, the joint offering of our CleanSource PowerHouse with our modular IT solutions provides efficiencies, scale, and advantages in sales, marketing, and engineering we expect customers to find increasingly compelling. Intellectual Property and Assets We rely upon a combination of patents, trademarks, confidentiality agreements, and other contractual restrictions with employees and third parties to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Our general policy has been to seek patent protection for those inventions likely to be incorporated into our products or where obtaining such proprietary rights will improve our competitive position. We have filed many applications before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. We also seek patent protection abroad for our technology by filing patent applications in Europe and Asia. These efforts have resulted in a total of 116 active issued patents and pending applications worldwide. We own the registered trademarks ACTIVE POWER and CLEANSOURCE in the United States and abroad. PowerHouse and the Active Power logo are trademarks of Active Power, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, or trade names referred to in this report are the property of their respective owners. Research and Development We believe research and development efforts are essential to successfully delivering innovative products that address the current and emerging customer needs, particularly as power management/infrastructure needs evolve. Our research and development team works closely with our marketing and sales teams, IT channel partners, and OEMs to define product requirements that address specific customer needs. Our research and development expenses were $6.7 million, $7.4 million, and $5.4 million in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. As of December 31, 2014, our research and development and engineering teams consisted of 30 engineers and technicians. Manufacturing We manufacture all of our UPS and our MIS products for customers in the Americas at our headquarters in Austin, Texas. We are an ISO 9001:2008 quality certified operation. We source the majority of our components from contract manufacturers to enhance our ability to scale operations and minimize costs. This approach allows us to respond quickly to customer orders while maintaining high quality standards and optimizing inventory levels. We strive to continually improve inventory turns through effective sourcing plans and supplier relationship management programs. We also have Lean Six Sigma programs in place to help us identify and eliminate waste and drive efficiencies throughout the company. 11 Table of Contents Our internal manufacturing process consists of the fabrication of certain critical components within the flywheel energy storage system and the assembly, functional testing, and quality control of our finished products. We also test components, parts, and subassemblies obtained from contract manufacturers for quality control purposes. We have entered into long-term agreements with some of our key suppliers, but we currently purchase most of our components on a purchase order basis. We are working to renew or establish more long-term agreements with our sole suppliers and other key vendors, using a rolling sales volume forecast to better ensure component availability. We use standard parts and components for our products where possible, and have developed multiple sources for some of our most critical components including the flywheel rotors. Lead times for ordering materials and components vary significantly and depend on factors such as specific supplier requirements, contract terms, production time required, and current market demand for such components or commodities. We believe our current workforce, facilities, and inventory levels will be sufficient to handle our near-term projected sales demand. However, over time, we may need to hire additional manufacturing personnel to address sales volume increases. Local Assembly A key component of our strategy is to maintain a flexible operating model that allows us to perform local integration, assembly, and testing of certain MIS products. We perform this work either at company managed facilities or with local integration partners that have assembly, integration, and test resources. We also have a full complement of integration, assembly, and test capabilities at our Austin, Texas facility. Environmental Regulation We must comply with many different federal, state, local, and foreign governmental regulations related to the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of certain chemicals and gases used in our manufacturing processes. Our facilities have been designed to comply with these regulations and we believe our activities are conducted in material compliance with such regulations. Any changes in such regulations or in their enforcement could require us to acquire costly equipment or to incur other significant expenses to comply with environmental regulations. Any failure by us to adequately control the storage, use, discharge, and disposal of regulated substances could result in significant future liabilities. Increasing public attention has been focused on the environmental impact of manufacturing operations. While we have not experienced any material adverse effects on our operations from recently adopted environmental regulations, our business and results of operations could suffer if for any reason we fail to control the storage or use of, or to adequately restrict the discharge or disposal of, hazardous substances under present or future environmental regulations. Backlog Normally, our products are shipped and revenue is recognized within three to six months from the date of the order. Product revenue in any quarter is often dependent on orders booked and shipped throughout that quarter as historically our backlog has only provided a portion of the next quarter’s revenue. Service contracts, however, may extend for one or more years. We are attempting to increase the size of our backlog to promote greater efficiency in production, to facilitate business planning, and to improve revenue visibility. To support these efforts, we are working to drive consistent sales performance through targeted investing in and allocation of resources to our sales organization and distribution channels to build our backlog. The dollar amount of backlog believed to be firm was approximately $26.7 million, and $14.0 million at December 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively. This increase in backlog is primarily due to the restructuring of our sales organization, a shift in our market approach, and reengagement with our OEM partner Caterpillar. Of the total backlog, approximately $5.4 million and $4.6 million at December 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively, was not expected to be filled in the following year. Backlog represents: · anticipated revenue from unfulfilled product orders believed to be firm; and · service work not yet performed under signed contracts. Due to possible changes in product delivery schedules and the potential cancellation of unfulfilled product orders and service contracts, our backlog at any particular date should not be relied upon as being indicative of revenue for any succeeding period. Employees As of December 31, 2014, we had 204 total employees in the following areas: · 30 in research and development; · 105 in manufacturing, sourcing, and service; 12 Table of Contents · 43 in sales and marketing; and · 26 in administration, information technology, human resources, and finance. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our relations with our employees to be good. Seasonality Our business has experienced seasonal customer buying patterns for a number of years. In recent years, both UPS and MIS sales were weaker in the first calendar quarter of the year. We believe this pattern, which we attribute to annual capital budgeting procedures, will continue. We also have historically seen a decline in demand for our products in Europe in the summer months compared to other regions because of reduced corporate buying patterns during the vacation season. Where You Can Find Other Information Active Power is a Delaware corporation originally founded in 1992 as a Texas corporation. We file annual, quarterly, current, and other reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act. You may read and copy any materials the company files with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the SEC’s Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy, and other information statements, and other information regarding issuers, including Active Power, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is www.sec.gov. We maintain a website at www.activepower.com. We make available free of charge through this site our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. This information can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website. The website and the information contained therein or connected thereto are not intended to be incorporated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Executive Officers of the Company The following table sets forth certain biographical information concerning our current executive officers: Name Age Position(s) Mark A. Ascolese 64 President and Chief Executive Officer James A. Powers 53 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President Finance Randall J. Adleman 57 Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing Mark A. Ascolese became President and Chief Executive Officer of Active Power on October 14, 2013. Mr. Ascolese has more than 40 years of experience serving a variety of mission critical and energy markets, including data centers. Prior to joining Active Power, Mr. Ascolese first served as CEO and then as Executive Board Chairman of Power Analytics Corporation (now part of Causam Energy, Inc.), an electrical infrastructure enterprise software firm focused on the mission critical and smart grid markets. Mr. Ascolese was appointed CEO of Power Analytics in March 2008 where he recruited the organization’s management team and created and implemented a successful strategic plan, transitioning the firm from a family owned company to a professionally managed business. In August 2012, Mr. Ascolese was appointed Executive Board Chairman at Power Analytics and served in this role prior to joining Active Power in October 2013. Previously, he served as President at Powerware Corporation (now part of Eaton Corporation) and in senior management positions at General Electric Company. From 2000 through 2002, Mr. Ascolese served as Senior Vice President of Business Development at Active Power during the company’s initial public offering. Mr. Ascolese earned a bachelor’s of Science in Commerce from the University of Louisville. James A. Powers has served as Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Active Power since December 4, 2013. As Chief Financial Officer, Vice President of Finance, he oversees all accounting, finance, treasury, and investor relations activities, as well as the company’s IT organization. From May 2013 until he joined Active Power, he served as Senior Vice President of Finance of the U.S. Windows and Doors division of Ply Gem Industries, Inc., a North American manufacturer of exterior building products. In this role, he managed the finance and IT organizations, leading all accounting, forecasting, budgeting, reporting, business analysis, internal controls, and working capital management activities. From May 2006 through May 2013, Mr. Powers served in various executive finance positions at Xerium Technologies Inc., a global manufacturer and supplier of consumable products and services used in various industries. From January 2011 through May 2013, he served as Vice President and Global Controller where he managed all corporate controllership functions, including SEC reporting and board financial reporting and analysis. From June 2008 through December 2010, Mr. Powers was Vice President of Finance, North America, at Xerium where he directed a broad range of financial functions. Prior to 2006, Mr. Powers served in various executive finance positions for international electrical equipment manufacturing businesses within Invensys Group PLC and ABB Ltd. Mr. Powers received a bachelor’s of Science in Accounting from the State of University of New York at Albany. 13 Table of Contents Randall J. Adleman joined Active Power on November 18, 2013, as Vice President of Global Sales and Marketing. In this role, he has overall responsibility for the company’s global sales and marketing organizations. From March 2010 until he joined Active Power, Mr. Adleman served as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for Valence Technology, Inc., a global manufacturer of lithium-ion energy storage solutions. There, he directed all worldwide sales and marketing efforts for the company’s motive, backup, industrial, and marine segments. Valence Technology filed a voluntary petition for chapter 11 business reorganization in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Texas on July 12, 2012, during Mr. Adleman’s tenure as an executive officer. The U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Texas approved the company’s exit from chapter 11 on November 13, 2013. Prior to that position, Mr. Adleman held various sales, marketing, and service leadership positions, including having founded and served as Principal at Fords Barron Advisership, a corporate consultancy focused on sales force effectiveness. Mr. Adleman holds an undergraduate degree from Colgate University and a master’s in Business Administration with a concentration in Marketing from Fairleigh Dickinson University. 14 Table of Contents ITEM 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the risks described below before making a decision to invest in our common stock or in evaluating Active Power and our business. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know, or that we currently view as immaterial, may also impair our business operations. This Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our results could materially differ from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks described below and elsewhere. See “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” Risks Related to our Business We have a history of significant operating losses. We have incurred annual operating losses each year since our inception in 1992. Although we achieved operating profitability on a quarterly basis in the second quarter of 2012, we have not been able to sustain this and achieve quarterly or annual operating profitability since then. As of December 31, 2014, we had an accumulated deficit of $284.0 million. To date, we have funded our operations principally through the public and private sales of our stock, from borrowings under our credit facilities, from product and service revenue, and from development funding. We will need to generate significant additional revenue while maintaining our current margins to achieve annual profitability, and we cannot assure you that we will ever realize such revenue levels or achieve profitability on a consistent basis. If our revenues do not meet our expectations, our costs exceed our estimates, or our working capital needs are greater than anticipated, we may not have adequate liquidity to continue operating our business. Our cash requirements will depend on many factors, including: · future sales growth; · the demand for our products; · the gross profit we are able to generate from our sales; · the timing, level, and extent of our research and development funding; · the rate of expansion of our sales and marketing activities; · the rate of expansion of our manufacturing processes; · our overall level of operating expenses; · the payment terms we negotiate with our suppliers; and · our default rates on receivables. A substantial increase in sales of our MIS solutions or a substantial increase in UPS sales may materially impact the amount of working capital required to fund our operations. In order to increase our MIS sales, we may be required to make larger investments in inventory and to increase the amount of our outstanding receivables. These larger investments may require us to obtain additional sources of working capital, debt, or equity financing in order to fund our business. Even if we obtain additional debt financing, a substantial portion of our operating cash flow may be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on such indebtedness. A significant increase in sales of our MIS products may materially increase the amount of working capital required to fund our operations. Because of the significant up-front investment required, and the longer period between order and delivery relative to our UPS products, a significant increase in sales of our MIS products may materially increase the amount of working capital required to fund our operations. The amount of time between the receipt of payment from our customers and our expenditures for raw materials, manufacturing, and shipment of products (the cash cycle) for MIS sales can be as much as 210 days, depending on customer payment terms. If we experience a substantial increase in the size or number of MIS orders, we may need to obtain additional sources of working capital, debt, or equity financing to fund the business. If we are unsuccessful at obtaining additional sources of working capital, we may be required to curtail our level of MIS sales or we may lose potential customers, either of which may adversely impact our results of operations. 15 Table of Contents We may need additional capital in the future, and it may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. We have historically relied on outside financing and cash flow from operations to fund our operating losses, operations, capital expenditures, and expansion. We may require additional capital from equity or debt financing in the future to fund our operations or respond to competitive pressures or strategic opportunities. We may not be able to secure timely additional financing on favorable terms, or at all. The terms of any additional financing may place limits on our financial and operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, if and when we require it, our ability to grow or support our business and to respond to business challenges could be significantly limited. We do not know whether we will be able to secure additional funding, or funding on terms acceptable to us, to continue our operations as planned. If financing is not available, we may be required to reduce, delay, or eliminate certain activities or to license or sell to others some of our proprietary technology. Our reliance on large and complex system solutions and customer concentration may adversely affect our ability to accurately predict the timing of revenues and to meet short-term expectations of operating results. Our reliance on large and complex system solutions means that we must devote substantial effort and time to complete sales to customers. Further, a large portion of our quarterly revenue is derived from relatively few large transactions with relatively few customers. For example, in 2014 and 2013, our three largest customers contributed 30% and 45% of our revenue, respectively. Any delay in completing these large sales transactions or any reduction in the number of customers or large transactions, may result in significant adverse fluctuations in our quarterly revenue. Further, we use anticipated revenues to establish our operating budgets and a large portion of our expenses, particularly rent and salaries are fixed in the short term. As a result, any shortfall or delay in revenue could result in increased losses and would likely cause our operating results to be below public expectations. The occurrence of any of these events would likely materially adversely affect our results of operations. Our business may be affected by general economic conditions and uncertainty that may cause customers to defer or cancel sales commitments previously made to us. Any future economic uncertainty in the United States or certain international markets may lead to an economic recession or lower capital spending and credit availability in some or all of the markets in which we operate. A recession or even the risk of a potential recession or uneven economic growth conditions may be sufficient reason for customers to delay, defer, or cancel purchase decisions, including decisions previously made. This risk is magnified for capital goods purchases such as UPS and MIS products that we supply. Although we believe that our competitive advantage and our efforts to broaden the number of different markets in which we sell may help mitigate the economic risk associated with any one country or market vertical, any customer delays or cancellation in sales orders could materially adversely affect our level of revenues and operating results. Our business could be impacted by customer credit risk on receivables. Most of our sales are on an open credit basis. Our failure to collect receivables from any of our customers in a timely manner could have a significant adverse effect on our liquidity. The collection risk may potentially increase if we sell a higher proportion of MIS, such as our CleanSource PowerHouse products, due to their higher average selling price. If future actual default rates on receivables differ from those currently anticipated, our working capital could decrease and we may not have adequate liquidity to continue operating our business. Our financial results may vary significantly from quarter to quarter. Our product revenue, operating expenses, and quarterly operating results have varied in the past and may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, you should not rely on our operating results during any particular quarter as an indication of our future performance in any quarterly period or fiscal year. The factors which may affect our business include, among others: · timing of orders from our customers and the possibility that customers may change their order requirements with little or no notice to us; · demand for of our flywheel-based energy storage system as an alternative to lead-acid batteries and our continuous power and infrastructure solutions; · ongoing need for short-term power outage protection in traditional UPS systems; · deferral of customer orders in anticipation of new products from us or other providers of power quality systems; · our order backlog may not increase and does not always result in revenue; · limited visibility into customer spending plans; · timing of deferred revenue components associated with large orders; · ability to manage capital requirements associated with large orders; · timing and execution of our new product introductions; 16 Table of Contents · new product releases, licensing, or pricing decisions by our competitors; · commodity and raw material component prices; · ability to adjust our cost structure in response to reductions in income; · loss of a significant customer or distributor; · impact of changes to our product distribution strategy and pricing policies; · failure to achieve our anticipated revenue growth rate; · impact of changes to our product distribution strategy and pricing policies of our distributors; · changes in product mix; · fluctuations in currency exchange rates; · changes in the mix of domestic and international sales; · rate of market growth for our products; and · acceptance of our latest generation UPS product in the marketplace. The market for power quality products is evolving and it is difficult to predict its potential size or future growth rate. Most of the organizations that may purchase our products have invested substantial resources in their existing power systems and, as a result, have been reluctant or slow to adopt a new technology, particularly during a period of reduced capital expenditures. Moreover, our current products are alternatives to traditional battery-based UPS systems and may never be accepted by our customers or may be made obsolete by other advances in power quality technologies. Significant portions of our expenses are not variable in the short term and cannot be quickly reduced to respond to decreases in revenue. Therefore, if our revenue is below our expectations, our operating results are likely to be adversely and disproportionately affected. In addition, we may change our prices; modify our distribution strategy and policies; accelerate our investment in research and development; or shift our sales and marketing efforts in response to competitive pressures or to pursue new market opportunities. Any one of these activities may further limit our ability to adjust spending in response to revenue fluctuations. We use forecasted revenue to establish our expense budget. Because most of our expenses are fixed in the short term or incurred in advance of anticipated revenue, any shortfall in revenue may result in significant losses. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from international markets and plan to continue to expand such efforts, which subjects us to additional business risks including increased logistical and financial complexity, managing internal controls and processes, political instability, and currency fluctuations. The percentage of our total revenue derived from customers located outside of North America was 42%, 20%, and 40% in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including: · foreign laws and business practices that favor local competition; · dependence on local channel partners; · compliance with multiple, conflicting, and changing government laws and regulations; · longer cash cycles; · difficulties in managing and staffing foreign operations; · foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and the associated effects on product demand and timing of payment; · political and economic stability, particularly in the Middle East and Africa; · greater difficulty in the contracting and shipping process and in accounts receivable collection including longer collection periods; · ability to fund working capital requirements; · greater difficulty in hiring qualified technical sales and application engineers; and · difficulties with financial reporting in foreign countries. 17 Table of Contents To date, the majority of our sales to international customers and purchases of components from international suppliers have been denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros, and British Pounds. All of our UPS products are manufactured in the U.S. and then sold to our foreign subsidiaries and customers, normally in U.S. dollars. An increase in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to foreign currencies could make our products more expensive for our international customers to purchase, thus rendering our products less competitive. We also source the non-UPS components for our modular power infrastructure products locally where possible and pay for these components in local currencies as a way to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in foreign currencies and lessen the impact of any unfavorable fluctuations with the U.S. dollar. We and many of our subsidiaries sell products outside of the country of incorporation, and often in foreign currencies. To the extent we record sales in other than our local currency; this can result in translation gains and losses. Currently, we do not engage in hedging activities for our international operations to offset this currency risk. However, we may engage in hedging activities in the future. We are subject to risks relating to product concentration and lack of revenue diversification. We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from a limited number of products, particularly from our CleanSource 300/250 Series UPS product family. These UPS products are also an integral component of our CleanSource PowerHouse products. We expect these products to continue to account for a large percentage of our revenues in the near term. Continued market acceptance of these products is therefore critical to our future success. Our future success will also depend on our ability to reduce our dependence on these few products by developing and introducing new products and product or feature enhancements in a timely manner. Specifically, our ability to capture significant market share depends on our ability to develop and market extensions to our existing product lines at higher and lower power range offerings and as containerized solutions. We are currently investing significant amounts in our UPS and MIS products to broaden our product portfolio. Even if we are able to develop and commercially introduce new products and enhancements, they may not achieve market acceptance and the revenue generated from these new products and enhancements may not offset the costs, which would substantially impair our revenue, profitability, and overall financial prospects. Successful product development and market acceptance of our existing and future products depend on a number of factors, including: · changing requirements of customers; · accurate prediction of market and technical requirements; · timely completion and introduction of new designs; · quality, price, and performance of our products; · availability, quality, price, and performance of competing products and technologies; · our customer service and support capabilities and responsiveness; · successful development of our relationships with existing and potential customers; and · changes in technology, industry standards, or end-user preferences. We must expand our distribution channels and manage our existing and new product distribution relationships to grow our business. The future growth of our business will depend on our ability to expand our existing relationships with distributors; to identify and develop additional channels for the distribution and sale of our products; and to manage these relationships. As part of our growth strategy, we may expand our relationships with distributors and develop relationships with new distributors. We will also look to identify and develop new relationships with additional third parties that could serve as outlets for our products, or provide additional opportunities for our existing sales channels, such as the relationships we have developed with IT hardware manufacturers such as HP. Our inability to execute this strategy successfully and to integrate and manage our existing OEM channel partners and our new distributors and manufacturer’s representatives would likely impede our future growth. Our backlog may not result in revenue. Our backlog is not necessarily a meaningful predictor of future results. Backlog represents anticipated revenue from unfulfilled product orders and from service work not yet performed under signed contracts. Due to possible changes in product delivery schedules and the potential for cancellation of unfulfilled product orders and service contracts by our customers, our backlog at any particular date should not be relied upon as being indicative of revenue for any succeeding period. Time periods from receipt of an order to shipment date and installation vary widely, and may be determined by a number of factors, including the terms of the customer contract and the customer’s deployment plan. The value of service contracts included in backlog could cover services extending one or more years into the future. The size of an order or the scope of a service contract can be reduced significantly during the course of a project. If the scope of an order or contract is revised or an order or contract is cancelled, we adjust backlog accordingly. Also, some of the orders we accept from customers require certain conditions or contingencies to be satisfied prior to shipment or prior to commissioning or installation, some of which are outside of our control and some of which may not be satisfied. For these and other reasons, we may not fully realize our entire backlog as revenue. 18 Table of Contents We must continue to hire and retain skilled personnel. We believe our future success will depend upon our ability to attract, motivate, and retain highly skilled managerial, engineering, sales, and product marketing personnel. There is a limited supply of skilled employees in the power quality marketplace. Our small size relative to our competitors, our history of significant operating losses and our lack of brand equity, particularly in foreign markets, makes it very difficult for us to attract new personnel. If we are unable to attract the new personnel we desire, retain personnel we currently employ, or if we are unable to replace departing employees quickly, our operations and new product development may suffer. We are significantly dependent on our relationships with Caterpillar and Hewlett Packard. If these relationships are unsuccessful, for whatever reason, our business and financial prospects would likely suffer. Caterpillar, together with its dealer network, is our primary OEM customer and the single largest customer for our flywheel-based UPS products. Caterpillar accounted for 18%, 14%, and 13% of our revenue in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. HP is our largest IT channel partner and accounted for 1%, 22%, and 35% of our revenue in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. A number of factors could cause these customers to cancel or defer orders, including interruptions to their operations due to a downturn in their industries; delays or changes in their product offerings; securing other sources for the products we manufacture; or developing such products internally. If our relationships with Caterpillar or HP are not successful or suffer a material adverse change, such as a material reduction in the level of orders due to an inability to win customer projects or other factors outside of our control; or their failure to pay us on a timely basis, our business and operating results would suffer unless we are able to replace these revenues from another source or sources in a timely manner. We have underutilized manufacturing capacity and have no experience manufacturing our products in large quantities. In 2001, we leased and equipped a 127,000 square foot facility used for manufacturing and testing of our three-phase product line, including our UPS and energy storage products. To be financially successful and to fully utilize the capacity of our facility and allocate its associated overhead, we must achieve significantly higher sales volumes. We must accomplish this while also preserving the quality levels we achieved when manufacturing these products in more limited quantities. To date, we have not been successful at increasing our sales volume to a level that fully utilizes the capacity of the facility and we may never increase our sales volume to necessary levels. If we do not reach these necessary sales volume levels, or if we cannot sell our products at our suggested prices, our ability to reach profitability on a quarterly or annual basis would be adversely impacted. Achieving the necessary production levels to absorb the capacity of our manufacturing facility efficiently presents a number of technological and engineering challenges for us. We have not previously manufactured our products in high volume. We do not know whether or when we will be able to develop efficient, low-cost manufacturing capability and processes that will enable us to meet the quality, price, engineering, design, and product standards or production volumes required to manufacture large quantities of our products successfully. Even if we are successful in developing our manufacturing capability and processes, we do not know whether we will do so in time to meet our product commercialization objectives or to satisfy the requirements of our customers. We must build quality products to ensure acceptance of our products. The market perception of our products and related acceptance of such products is highly dependent upon the quality and reliability of the products we build. Any quality problems attributable to our UPS or MIS product lines may substantially impair our revenue and operating results. Moreover, quality problems for our product lines could cause us to delay or cease shipments of products or have to recall or field upgrade products, thus adversely affecting our ability to meet revenue or cost targets. In addition, while we seek to limit our liability as a result of product failure or defects through warranty and other limitations, if one of our products fails, a customer could suffer a significant loss and seek to hold us responsible for that loss and our reputation with other current or potential customers would likely suffer. Seasonality may contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. Historically, our business has experienced seasonal customer buying patterns. In recent years, our business has generally experienced relatively weaker demand in the first calendar quarter of the year. We believe this pattern, which we attribute to annual capital budgeting procedures, may possibly continue. In addition, we anticipate demand for our products in Europe may decline in the summer months, compared to other regions, because of reduced corporate buying patterns during the vacation season. We depend on sole and limited source suppliers and outsource selected component manufacturing. 19 Table of Contents We purchase some of our critical component parts from sole source and limited source suppliers. If our suppliers receive excess demand for their products, we may receive a low priority for order fulfillment as large volume customers may receive priority that may result in delays in our acquiring components. A delay in acquiring components for our products may delay the manufacture and shipment of our products. Some of these delays may be substantial. As a result, we may purchase critical long-lead time or single-sourced components in large quantities to help protect our ability to deliver finished products on time. If we overestimate our component requirements, we may have excess inventory, which will increase our costs. If we underestimate our component requirements, we will have inadequate inventory, which will delay our manufacturing and render us unable to deliver products to customers on scheduled delivery dates. If we are unable to obtain a component from a supplier or if the price of a component has increased substantially, we may be required to manufacture the component internally, which will also result in delays or we may be required to absorb price increases. Manufacturing delays could negatively impact our ability to sell our products and could damage our customer relationships. To assure the availability of our products to our customers, we outsource the manufacturing of selected components prior to the receipt of purchase orders from customers based on their forecasts of their product needs and internal product sales revenue forecasts. However, these forecasts do not represent binding purchase commitments from our customers. We do not recognize revenue for such products until we receive an order from the customer and the product is shipped to the customer. As a result, we incur inventory and manufacturing costs in advance of anticipated revenue. As demand for our products may not materialize, this product delivery method subjects us to increased risks of high inventory carrying costs, obsolescence and excess, and may increase our operating costs. In addition, we may from time to time make design changes to our products, which could lead to obsolescence of inventory. Our manufacturing operations are concentrated in a small number of nearby facilities. All of our UPS systems and our MIS products for customers in the Americas are manufactured in our Austin, Texas facility. Our manufacturing, research and development, and administrative activities are concentrated in two nearby facilities. If, for any reason, including as a result of a natural disaster, act of terrorism, or other similar event, either of these facilities should be damaged or destroyed or become inoperable or inaccessible, our ability to conduct our business could be adversely affected or interrupted entirely. We face significant competition from other companies. The markets for power quality and power reliability systems are intensely competitive. There are many companies engaged in all areas of traditional and alternative UPS and backup power systems in the U.S. and abroad, including, among others, major electric and specialized electronics firms, as well as universities, research institutions, and foreign government-sponsored companies. There are many companies that are developing flywheel-based energy storage systems and flywheel-based power quality systems. We may face future competition from companies that are developing other types of emerging power technologies, such as advanced new battery chemistries, high-speed composite flywheels, ultra capacitors, and superconducting magnetic energy storage. Many of our current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, service, marketing, and other resources, broader name and brand recognition, and a larger installed base of customers. As a result, these competitors may have greater credibility with our existing and potential customers and greater service infrastructure than we do. Given our current production volumes and lack of strategic supplier management programs, we may receive less favorable pricing from our suppliers than some of our larger competitors. Our competitors may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote greater resources to the development, promotion, and sale of their products than we can, which would allow them to respond more quickly than us to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements. In addition, some of our current and potential competitors have established supplier or joint development relationships with our current or potential customers. These competitors may be able to use their existing relationships to discourage these customers from purchasing products from us or to persuade them to replace our products with their products. Increased competition could decrease our prices, reduce our sales, lower our margins, or decrease our market share. These and other competitive pressures could prevent us from competing successfully against current or future competitors and could materially harm our business. We may be unable to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. We expect future technological advancements made by us will be critical to achieving and sustaining market acceptance of our products. We rely on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. We also enter into confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, consultants, and business partners and control access to and distribution of our software, documentation, and other proprietary information. Despite these efforts, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology. Monitoring unauthorized use of our products is difficult, and we cannot be certain the steps we have taken will prevent unauthorized use of our technology, particularly in foreign countries where applicable laws may not protect our proprietary rights as fully as in the U.S. In addition, the measures we undertake may not be sufficient to protect our proprietary technology adequately and may not preclude competitors from independently developing products with functionality or features similar to those of our products. We believe that our success depends more on the knowledge, passion, experience and technological expertise of our employees than on the legal protection that our patents and other proprietary rights might afford. 20 Table of Contents We may be subject to claims by others that we infringe on their proprietary technology. In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the U.S. involving patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights. We may become involved in litigation in the future to protect our intellectual property or defend allegations of infringement asserted by others. Legal proceedings could subject us to significant liability for damages or invalidate our intellectual property rights. Any litigation, regardless of its merits or its outcome, would likely be time consuming and expensive to resolve and would divert management’s time and attention. Any potential intellectual property litigation also could force us to take specific actions, including: · cease selling our products that use the challenged intellectual property; · obtain from the owner of the infringed intellectual property right a license to sell or use the relevant technology or trademark, which license may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all; · redesign those products that use infringing intellectual property; or · cease to use an infringing trademark. Our involvement in any such litigation may cause us to incur unexpected litigation costs, require modifications to or limit our ability to sell our products, and adversely impact our business and reputation. Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations. Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on our internal control over financial reporting, including management’s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations. A material weakness or other control deficiency could result in errors in our reported results and could have a material adverse effect on our operations. A material weakness is a control deficiency or combination of control deficiencies, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. In 2013, our management identified a material weakness resulting from control deficiencies related to our credit approval process whereby we did not confirm information from an employee of ours in China regarding the facts surrounding Qiyuan, a distributor with which we entered into a distribution agreement. In response to such material weakness, management implemented additional credit approval process procedures including actions to further verify the financial condition and ownership structure of all new customers. The material weakness was remediated as of December 31, 2013. Any further material weakness or unsuccessful remediation could adversely impact investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial statements. As a result, our ability to obtain any additional financing could be materially and adversely affected, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our business and our financial condition. In addition, perceptions of us among customers, lenders, investors, securities analysts, and others could also be adversely affected. We can give no assurances the measures we have taken to date, or any future measures we may take, will prevent or remediate any additional material weaknesses in the future. Our pending legal matters have increased our costs and could result in fines and penalties. We are involved in ongoing legal matters as described in the section below titled “Legal Proceedings.” These matters may harm our business and liquidity in the future. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur substantial expenses for legal and accounting services related to such matters. These matters have also required significant time and attention from our management. At this point, we remain unable to predict the duration, scope, or results of the pending SEC investigation. In connection with our pending legal matters, including any further litigation that may be pursued, we may incur defense costs that may exceed our insurance coverage. We may also incur costs if the insurers of our directors and officers and our liability insurers deny coverage for the costs and expenses related to any litigation. Adverse outcomes or other developments during the course of such matters may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity. 21 Table of Contents Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt business operations, result in loss of critical and confidential information, and adversely impact our reputation and results of operation. Global cybersecurity threats can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology (IT) systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats. While we employ comprehensive measures to prevent, detect, address, and mitigate these threats (including access controls, data encryption, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our IT networks, and systems and maintenance of backup and protective systems), cybersecurity incidents, depending on their nature and scope, could potentially result in the misappropriation, destruction, corruption, or unavailability of critical data and confidential or proprietary information (our own or that of third parties) and the disruption of business operations. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include reputational damage; litigation with third parties; diminution in the value of our investment in research; development and engineering; and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs; which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. Tax matters could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to potential income tax and other taxes in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. Our tax liabilities are affected by the amount of income we have in various jurisdictions and the amounts we charge in intercompany transactions for products, services, funding, and other items. We are subject to periodic tax audits in the United States and in other various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing, or other matters and assess additional taxes. We assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the need for and adequacy of a provision for income taxes. However, the outcomes from these examinations could have an adverse effect on our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability. In addition, our income taxes and other tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by numerous factors including changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, or interpretations thereof, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to our Common Stock We have anti-takeover provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent our acquisition. Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could have the effect of discouraging, delaying, or preventing a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable. We also are subject to the anti-takeover laws of the State of Delaware, which may further discourage, delay, or prevent someone from acquiring or merging with us. In addition, our agreement with Caterpillar for the distribution of UPS products provides that Caterpillar may terminate the agreement in the event we are acquired or undergo a change in control. The possible loss of a significant customer could be a significant deterrent to possible acquirers and may substantially limit the number of possible acquirers. All of these factors may decrease the likelihood we would be acquired, which may depress the market price of our common stock. The trading price of our common stock has been volatile and is likely to be volatile in the future. Historically, the market price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly. In 2014, the sales price of our common stock ranged from $1.63 to $3.67 per share. In addition to the other risks described in the “Risk Factors” section of this Form 10-K, the market price of our common stock can be expected to fluctuate significantly in response to numerous other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: · actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; · changes in financial estimates by securities analysts, any financial guidance we may provide, or our failure to perform in line with such estimates or guidance; · changes in market valuations of other technology companies, particularly those that sell products used in power quality systems; · announcements by us or our competitors of significant sales, technical innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments; · introduction of technologies or product enhancements that reduce the need for flywheel energy storage or modular infrastructure products; · our loss of one or more key OEM customers or channel partners; · an inability to expand our distribution channels successfully; · departures of key personnel; · our ability to obtain additional equity capital or borrowings under our credit agreement; · the outcome of our pending litigation and SEC investigation; and · changing external capital market conditions. 22 Table of Contents If the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results, or financial condition. The trading price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry or the stock market generally even if these events do not directly affect us. Each of these factors, among others, could cause our stock price to decline. We have not in the past and do not currently intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not expect to declare or pay any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Future cash dividends, if any, will be determined by our Board of Directors, in its discretion, based upon our earnings, financial condition, cash flow, capital resources, capital requirements, charter restrictions, contractual restrictions including those under our bank credit facility, and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. ITEM 1B