0001607062-15-000022.txt : 20150129 0001607062-15-000022.hdr.sgml : 20150129 20150129152719
ACCESSION NUMBER: 0001607062-15-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT: 6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141031
FILED AS OF DATE: 20150129
DATE AS OF CHANGE: 20150129 FILER: COMPANY DATA: COMPANY CONFORMED NAME: AFH ACQUISITION V, INC. CENTRAL INDEX KEY: 0001420033 STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770] IRS NUMBER: 364617526 STATE OF INCORPORATION: DE FISCAL YEAR END: 0930 FILING VALUES: FORM TYPE: 10-K SEC ACT: 1934 Act SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53073 FILM NUMBER: 15558702 BUSINESS ADDRESS: STREET 1: 269 S. BEVERLY DRIVE STREET 2: STE #1600 CITY: BEVERLY HILLS STATE: CA ZIP: 90212 BUSINESS PHONE: 310-475-3500 MAIL ADDRESS: STREET 1: 269 S. BEVERLY DRIVE STREET 2: STE #1600 CITY: BEVERLY HILLS STATE: CA ZIP: 90212 10-K 1 afhv103114form10k.htm FORM 10-K U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington,
D.C. 20549 Form
10-K (Mark
One) ☒
ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014 ☐
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For
the transition period from ______________ to ______________ Commission File Number 000-5307 AFH ACQUISITION V, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 36-4617526 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 269 S. Beverely Drive, Ste #1600, Beverly Hills, CA 90212 (Address of principal executive offices) (310) 475-3500 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: None. Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common Stock, $0.001 par value per share (Title of Class) Check
whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes☐ No ☒ Check
whether the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Check
whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). ☐
Yes ☒ No Check
if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) contained
herein, and no disclosure will be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐ Check
whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company”
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large Accelerated Filer ☐ Accelerated Filer ☐ Non-accelerated Filer ☐ Smaller Reporting Company ☒ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company.) Check
whether the issuer is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☒ No ☐ As
of April 30, 2014, there were no non-affiliate holders of common stock of the Company. APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS As
of January 29, 2015, there were 5,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.001, outstanding. Documents
Incorporated by Reference. None. 1 FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS Certain
statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are “forward-looking statements” (within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995) regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations. Such statements
involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results, performance or achievements of
AFH ACQUISITION V, Inc. (the “Company”) to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements included herein are based on current expectations
that involve numerous risks and uncertainties. The Company's plans and objectives are based, in part, on assumptions involving
the continued expansion of business. Assumptions relating to the foregoing involve judgments with respect to, among other things,
future economic, competitive and market conditions and future business decisions, all of which are difficult or impossible to
predict accurately and many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Although the Company believes its assumptions underlying
the forward-looking statements are reasonable, any of the assumptions could prove inaccurate and, therefore, there can be no assurance
the forward-looking statements included in this Report will prove to be accurate. In light of the significant uncertainties inherent
in the forward-looking statements included herein, the inclusion of such information should not be regarded as a representation
by the Company or any other person that the objectives and plans of the Company will be achieved. 2 PART
I Item 1. Description of Business. AFH
Acquisition V, Inc. (“we”, “us”, “our”, the “Company”) was incorporated under
the Laws of the State of Delaware on September 24, 2007. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts
and obtaining initial financing. The Company was formed as a vehicle to pursue a business combination and has made no efforts
to identify a possible business combination. As a result, the Company has not conducted negotiations or entered into a letter
of intent concerning any target business. The business purpose of the Company is to seek the acquisition of, or merger with, an
existing company. The Company selected October 31 as its fiscal year end. The
Company, based on proposed business activities, is a "blank check" company. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) defines those companies as "any development stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the
meaning of Section 3 (a)(51) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and that has
no specific business plan or purpose, or has indicated that its business plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies."
Under SEC Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, the Company also qualifies as a “shell company,” because it has no or
nominal assets (other than cash) and no or nominal operations. Many states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting
the sale of securities of "blank check" companies in their respective jurisdictions. Management does not intend to undertake
any efforts to cause a market to develop in our securities, either debt or equity, until we have successfully concluded a business
combination. The Company intends to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as it is subject
to those requirements. The
Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate and, if such investigation warrants, acquire a target company or business seeking
the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. The Company’s principal business objective for the next 12
months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination with a business rather than immediate,
short-term earnings. The Company will not restrict its potential candidate target companies to any specific business, industry
or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business. The
analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of Amir Farrokh Heshmatpour, the sole officer
and director of the Company. As of this date the Company has not entered into any definitive agreement with any party, nor have
there been any specific discussions with any potential business combination candidate regarding business opportunities for the
Company. The Company has unrestricted flexibility in seeking, analyzing and participating in potential business opportunities.
In its efforts to analyze potential acquisition targets, the Company will consider the following kinds of factors: (a)
Potential for growth, indicated by new technology, anticipated market expansion or new products; (b)
Competitive position as compared to other firms of similar size and experience within the industry segment as well as within the
industry as a whole; (c)
Strength and diversity of management, either in place or scheduled for recruitment; (d)
Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Company or from operations, through
the sale of additional securities, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources; (e)
The cost of participation by the Company as compared to the perceived tangible and intangible values and potentials; (f)
The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced; (g)
The accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, raw materials, services, professional assistance and other required
items; and (h)
Other relevant factors. 3 In
applying the foregoing criteria, no one of which will be controlling, management will attempt to analyze all factors and circumstances
and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Potentially available business opportunities
may occur in many different industries, and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation
and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Due to the Company's limited capital available for
investigation, the Company may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired. FORM
OF ACQUISITION The
manner in which the Company participates in an opportunity will depend upon the nature of the opportunity, the respective needs
and desires of the Company and the promoters of the opportunity, and the relative negotiating strength of the Company and such
promoters. It
is likely that the Company will acquire its participation in a business opportunity through the issuance of common stock or other
securities of the Company. Although the terms of any such transaction cannot be predicted, it should be noted that in certain
circumstances the criteria for determining whether or not an acquisition is a so-called "tax free" reorganization under
Section 368(a)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") depends upon whether the owners of the
acquired business own 80% or more of the voting stock of the surviving entity. If a transaction were structured to take advantage
of these provisions rather than other "tax free" provisions provided under the Code, all prior stockholders would in
such circumstances retain 20% or less of the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. Under other circumstances,
depending upon the relative negotiating strength of the parties, prior stockholders may retain substantially less than 20% of
the total issued and outstanding shares of the surviving entity. This could result in substantial additional dilution to the equity
of those who were stockholders of the Company prior to such reorganization. The
majority stockholder of the Company will likely not have control of a majority of the voting securities of the Company following
a reorganization transaction. As part of such a transaction, the Company's sole director may resign and one or more new directors
may be appointed without any vote by stockholders. In
the case of an acquisition, the transaction may be accomplished upon the sole determination of management without any vote or
approval by stockholders. In the case of a statutory merger or consolidation directly involving the Company, it will likely be
necessary to call a stockholders' meeting and obtain the approval of the holders of a majority of the outstanding securities.
The necessity to obtain such stockholder approval may result in delay and additional expense in the consummation of any proposed
transaction and will also give rise to certain appraisal rights to dissenting stockholders. Most likely, management will seek
to structure any such transaction so as not to require stockholder approval. It
is anticipated that the investigation of specific business opportunities and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant
agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial
cost for accountants, attorneys and others. If a decision is made not to participate in a specific business opportunity, the costs
incurred in the related investigation might not be recoverable. Furthermore,
even if an agreement is reached for the participation in a specific business opportunity, the failure to consummate that transaction
may result in the loss to the Company of the related costs incurred. We
presently have no employees apart from our management. Our three officers are engaged in outside business activities and anticipate
that they will devote to our business very limited time until the acquisition of a successful business opportunity has been identified.
We expect no significant changes in the number of our employees other than such changes, if any, incident to a business combination. Item 1A. Risk Factors. As
a “smaller reporting company” as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information. 4 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. As
a “smaller reporting company” as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information. Item 2. Description of Property. The
Company neither rents nor owns any properties. The Company utilizes the office space and equipment of its management at no cost.
Management estimates such amounts to be immaterial. The Company currently has no policy with respect to investments or interests
in real estate, real estate mortgages or securities of, or interests in, persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. To
the best knowledge of our sole officer and director, the Company is not a party to any legal proceeding or litigation. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not
Applicable. PART
II Item 5. Market for Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Small Business Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Common
Stock Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $.001 per share (the
“Common Stock”). The Common Stock is not listed on a publicly-traded market. As of January 29, 2015, there were three
holders of record of the Common Stock. Preferred
Stock Our
Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $.001 per share
(the “Preferred Stock”). The Company has not yet issued any of its Preferred Stock. Dividend
Policy The
Company has not declared or paid any cash dividends on its Common Stock and does not intend to declare or pay any cash dividend
in the foreseeable future. The payment of dividends, if any, is within the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend
on the Company’s earnings, if any, its capital requirements and financial condition and such other factors as the Board
of Directors may consider. Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans The
Company does not have any equity compensation plans or any individual compensation arrangements with respect to its Common Stock
or Preferred Stock. The issuance of any of our common or preferred stock is within the discretion of our Board of Directors, which
has the power to issue any or all of our authorized but unissued shares without stockholder approval. Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities There
were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the year ended October 31, 2014. Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities None. 5 Item 6. Selected Financial Data. As
a “smaller reporting company” as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. The
Company currently does not engage in any business activities that provide cash flow. During the next twelve months we anticipate
incurring costs related to: (i)
filing Exchange Act reports, and (ii)
investigating, analyzing and consummating an acquisition. We
believe we will be able to meet these costs through use of funds in our treasury, through deferral of fees by certain service
providers and additional amounts, as necessary, to be loaned to or invested in us by our stockholders, management or other investors. The
Company may consider acquiring a business which has recently commenced operations, is a developing company in need of additional
funds for expansion into new products or markets, is seeking to develop a new product or service, or is an established business
which may be experiencing financial or operating difficulties and is in need of additional capital. In the alternative, a business
combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which does not need substantial additional capital but which
desires to establish a public trading market for its shares while avoiding, among other things, the time delays, significant expense,
and loss of voting control which may occur in a public offering. Any
target business that is selected may be a financially unstable company or an entity in its early stages of development or growth,
including entities without established records of sales or earnings. In that event, we will be subject to numerous risks inherent
in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition, we
may effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, and, although our management
will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, there can be no assurance that we will properly
ascertain or assess all significant risks. The
Company anticipates that the selection of a business combination will be complex and extremely risky. Because of general economic
conditions, rapid technological advances being made in some industries and shortages of available capital, our management believes
that there are numerous firms seeking even the limited additional capital which we will have and/or the perceived benefits of
becoming a publicly traded corporation. Such perceived benefits of becoming a publicly traded corporation include, among other
things, facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be obtained, providing liquidity for the
principals of and investors in a business, creating a means for providing incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees,
and offering greater flexibility in structuring acquisitions, joint ventures and the like through the issuance of stock. Potentially
available business combinations may occur in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will
make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult and complex. Liquidity
and Capital Resources As
of October 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had assets equal to $-0-. The Company’s current liabilities as of October 31,
2014 totaled $37,533, comprised of accrued expenses and monies due to parent. This compares with liabilities of $31,182, comprised
exclusively of accrued expense and monies due to parent, as of October 31, 2013. The Company can provide no assurance that
it can continue to satisfy its cash requirements for at least the next twelve months. 6 The
following is a summary of the Company's cash flows provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the
years ended October 31, 2014, and 2013. Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2014 Fiscal Year Ended October 31, 2013 Net Cash (Used in) Operating Activities $ (5,957 ) $ (5,944 ) Net Cash (Used in) Investing Activities - - Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities $ 5,957 $ 5,944 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents $ - $ - The
Company has nominal assets and has generated no revenues since inception. The Company is also dependent upon the receipt of capital
investment or other financing to fund its ongoing operations and to execute its business plan of seeking a combination with a
private operating company. In addition, the Company is dependent upon certain related parties to provide continued funding and
capital resources. If continued funding and capital resources are unavailable at reasonable terms, the Company may not be able
to implement its plan of operations. Results
of Operations The
Company has not conducted any active operations since inception, except for its efforts to locate suitable acquisition candidates.
No revenue has been generated by the Company from September 24, 2007 (Inception) to October 31, 2014. It is unlikely the Company
will have any revenues unless it is able to effect an acquisition or merger with an operating company, of which there can be no
assurance. It is management's assertion that these circumstances may hinder the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
The Company’s plan of operation for the next twelve months shall be to continue its efforts to locate suitable acquisition
candidates. For
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014, the Company had a net loss of $6,351, consisting of legal, accounting, audit, other professional
service fees and expenses incurred in relation to the filing of the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual
Report on Form 10-K. For
the fiscal year ended October 31, 2013, the Company had a net loss of $5,086, consisting of legal, accounting, audit, other professional
service fees and expenses incurred in relation to the filing of the Company’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect
on the Company’s financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. Contractual
Obligations As
a “smaller reporting company” as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. As
a “smaller reporting company” as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K, the Company is not required to provide this
information. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None 7 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures The
Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported,
within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without
limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that
it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer’s management, including its principal
executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In
accordance with Exchange Act Rules 13a-15, an evaluation was completed under the supervision and with the participation of the
Company’s management, including the Company’s President, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer,
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the
period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, the Company’s President, Principal Executive Officer and
Principal Financial Officer concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective in providing
reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the Company’s reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act was recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission’s rules and forms. Evaluation
of Internal Controls over Financial Reporting The
management of AFH Acquisition V Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Internal control over
financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and
the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. These
internal controls include policies and procedures that: ● Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets; ● Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; ● Provide reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization of our management and directors; and ● Provide reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of company assets that would have a material impact on financial statements will be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement
of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control
— Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this
evaluation, management concluded that internal control over financial reporting was effective as of October 31, 2014. 8 This
annual report does not include a report from the Company’s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting due to the permanent exemption established by the Securities and Exchange Commission for public companies
designated as small filers. Changes
in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting There
have been no significant changes in the Company's internal controls over financial reporting during the quarter ended October
31, 2014 that have materially affected, or are reasonable likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial
reporting. Item 9B. Other Information. None. PART
III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons; Compliance With Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act. (a)
Identification of Directors and Executive Officers. The following table sets forth certain information regarding the Company’s
directors and executive officers: Name Age Position Robert L. Coe 70 Chief Executive Officer Anthony G. Roth 50 President Amir F. Heshmatpour 48 Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Director The
Company’s officers and directors are elected annually for a one year term or until their respective successors are duly
elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. Robert
L. Coe has served as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company since December 2011. Mr. Coe has served as the President/CEO
of Covenant Services Worldwide, LLC since April 2001 and he served as Executive VP for the same company from October 1998 until
April 2001. Covenant provides various services in the security industry. Other experience of Mr. Coe includes the following: Senior
Vice President of Operations for Worldwide Security Services, Ltd., Western Region Office from October 1997 to October 1998; Senior
Vice President and General Manager for Worldwide Security Services, Ltd, Rocky Flats Environmental Technology Site from March
1996 to October 1997; Senior Vice President and General Manager for Protection Technology Los Alamos from January 1992 to March
1995; and Director of Operations and Deputy General Manager for Protection Technology, Idaho National Engineering Laboratory.
Mr. Coe received a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Criminology from the University of Tampa in 1972 and an MBA from New Mexico Highlands
University in 1981. He also served in various capacities at several foreign and domestic locations for more than twenty (20) years
in the U.S. Air Force, retiring as a Security Police Officer in late 1983. Primary duties included the management of Nuclear Weapons
Security; Air Base Ground Defense; Law Enforcement and Corrections. Performed training in Physiological (Air Crew) Training, Survival,
Escape and Evasion. Anthony
G. Roth has served as the President of the Company since December 2011. Mr. Roth has served as the Executive Vice President,
CFO and a Director of EDUtoons, Inc. since November 2011 when it completed a reorganization with ContinuityX, Inc. Mr. Roth had
served as the Executive Director of ContinuityX since its inception in March 2011. From February 2009 to May 2010 he served as
the President and CEO of Celect.org, a company of Optimum Interactive (USA) LTD., a provider of web-based network services for
membership organizations. Prior to co-founding Celect.org, from November 2007 until February 2010 Mr. Roth was a turnaround CEO
for Commerce Planet, Inc., an online marketing and ecommerce company. In December 2001, Mr. Roth founded Utix Group, Inc., a corporate
premium gift, incentive and consumer reward company. During his time as President and CEO of Utix Group from December 2001 to
October 2007, Mr. Roth authored, commercialized and defended a series of patents for prepaid technology system and marketing applications
on the DISCOVER Network. Earlier in his profession, Mr. Roth served as a turn-around executive and often CEO for both public and
private business concerns. He first began his professional training and experience in the business financial services and retail
brokerage arena where after eight years he reached the position of Vice President at Merrill Lynch. Mr. Roth received an undergraduate
degree in 1986 from The University of Illinois and holds a masters degree in finance from The New York Institute of Finance. Amir
Farrokh Heshmatpour served as the Company’s President, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and sole director from inception
until December 14, 2011. Since December 14, 2011, he has continued to serve as Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Sole Director.
Mr. Heshmatpour has been the Managing Director of AFH Holding & Advisory LLC from July 2003 to the present. Prior to that,
he took some time off. From 1996 through January 2002, Mr. Heshmatpour served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Metrophone
Telecommunications, Inc. Mr. Heshmatpour has a background in venture capital, mergers and acquisitions, investing and corporate
finance. Mr. Heshmatpour was the recipient of the Businessman of the Year award in 2003 at the National Republican Congressional
Committee. Mr. Heshmatpour currently serves as sole officer and director of AFH Acquisition VI, Inc., and AFH Acquisition VII,
Inc., AFH Acquisition VIII, Inc, AFH Acquisition IX, Inc., AFH Acquisition XI, Inc. and AFH Acquisition XII, Inc., all of which
are publicly reporting, non-trading, blank check shell companies. Since October 10, 2007 Mr. Heshmatpour has served as President,
Secretary and a member of the board of directors of AFH Holding I, Inc. and AFH Holding II, Inc. Since inception, Mr. Heshmatpour
has served as President, Secretary and sole director of AFH Holding III, Inc., AFH Holding IV, Inc., AFH Holding V, Inc., AFH
Holding VI, Inc. and AFH Holding VII, Inc. Mr. Heshmatpour attended Pennsylvania State University from 1985-1988, and in 2010
he completed the UCLA Anderson Director Education & Certification Program. (b)
Significant Employees. As
of the date hereof, the Company has no significant employees. (c)
Family Relationships. There
are no family relationships among directors, executive officers, or persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become directors
or executive officers. (d)
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings. 9 Litigation
with AFH Advisory and Amir F. Heshmatpour Emmaus
Life Sciences, Inc. AFH
Advisory is presently a plaintiff and a counterclaim defendant in a matter that is pending in both Delaware Superior Court (Index
No. N12C-09-045-MMJ [CCLD]) and Delaware Chancery Court (Index No. C.A. No. 8005-JJ). AFH Advisory brought the suit against Emmaus
Life Sciences, Inc. ("Emmaus") in regards to Emmaus' attempt to cancel AFH Advisory's ownership interest in Emmaus,
and its refusal to reimburse AFH Advisory for expenses relating to a reverse merger. Emmaus has brought counterclaims against
AFH Advisory for a declaratory judgment canceling AFH Advisory's ownership interest in Emmaus, fraud, breach of contract, and
unjust enrichment. All parties completed document discovery and filed motions for summary judgment. Emmaus' motion for partial
summary judgment was granted by the Court, which held that the Third Letter of Intent ("LOI III") between AFH Advisory
and Emmaus was terminated, the public offering contemplated by LOI III was terminated, the advisor shares Emmaus gave to AFH Advisory
and its affiliates pursuant to the terms of LOI III had been canceled, and that AFH and its affiliated must return all Emmaus
shares in their possession. The partial summary judgment motion brought by individual counterclaim defendant Amir Heshmatpour,
and joined in by AFH Advisory, was granted in part by the Court, which held that Emmaus was not entitled to compensatory damages
on its fraud and fraud in the inducement claims. Following the Court's decision on these summary judgment motions, AFH Advisory
does not have any remaining claims against Emmaus. Emmaus continues to maintain claims against AFH Advisory for breach of contract,
fraud, and unjust enrichment. AFH Advisory has asserted defenses for these remaining claims, and it is defending this matter. Emerald
Dairy, Inc. AFH
Advisory and other entities brought a lawsuit in the Superior Court of California, Los Angeles County against Emerald Dairy, Inc.
(“Emerald”) and its Chairman, Mr. Shang, asserting that they were entitled to a large number of shares of Emerald,
both from Emerald and from shares individually owned, and pledged, by Chairman Shang. Emerald and Chairman Shang defaulted. There
were some efforts to enforce the judgment against the Chairman in China, where he resides, but we are not aware of the status
of those efforts. Banner
Bank Judgment Mr.
Amir Heshmatpour is a defendant in two lawsuits related to Banner Bank which have been reduced to judgment. The
lawsuits arise from three loans issued in the late 1990’s. The lender was Town Bank, a Washington State Bank which is no
longer in existence, having been acquired by Banner Bank in the early 2000’s. The borrowers on the three separate loans
were H&H Holdings, Metrophone Telecom, and Amir Heshmatpour. In the early 2000’s, the three loans were consolidated
into one loan, shortly before Banner Bank acquired Town Bank. Once this acquisition occurred, the relationship between the borrowers
and the successor lender soured, and a default was ultimately declared on the loans. Judgments were entered in the Superior Court
for the State of Washington in 2003 and in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington. Mr.
Heshmatpour contends that negotiated agreements were reached for payment of the outstanding loan balance, resulting in an agreement
to pay approximately $11,000,000. Mr. Heshmatpour further contends that the agreements were satisfied, but that Banner Bank failed
to properly account for the payments received. Since the early 2000’s, Banner Bank has retained judgment creditor status
against Mr. Heshmatpour and his wife, and has added interest to the Superior Court judgment in the amount of approximately 12%
per year and to the District Court action in the amount of approximately 6.875% per year. However, for almost the entire decade,
no further collection actions were taken and Mr. Heshmatpour believed the matter was resolved. The
two judgments have recently been domesticated in the United States District Court for the Central District of California and the
California Superior Court. Banner Bank is seeking to enforce the judgments, and Mr. and Mrs. Heshmatpour, who are unaware of the
reasons behind the renewed activity, have retained counsel to defend them in the enforcement proceedings. In the District Court action, the Court on June 24,
2013 issued an Order charging the ownership interest in AFH Advisory of Amir Heshmatpour with payment of the unpaid balance in
that case of approximately $711,899 and ordering AFH Advisory to pay any distributions due to Amir Heshmatpour directly to Banner
Bank. In the Superior Court action, Amir Heshmatpour filed a motion to vacate and/or reduce sister state judgment in the amount
of approximately $22,873,956.63 which is set for hearing on June 17, 2014. The Superior Court action is otherwise stayed pending
the hearing on June 17, 2014. 10 Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company’s directors and officers, and persons who beneficially own more than 10%
of a registered class of the Company’s equity securities, to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in beneficial
ownership of the Company’s securities with the SEC on Forms 3, 4 and 5. Officers, directors and greater than 10% stockholders
are required by SEC regulation to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based
solely on the Company’s review of the copies of the forms received by it during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014,
and written representations that no other reports were required, the Company believes that no person who, at any time during such
fiscal year, was a director, officer or beneficial owner of more than 10% of the Company’s common stock failed to comply
with all Section 16(a) filing requirements during such fiscal years. Code
of Ethics We
have not adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions in that our sole officer and director serve
in these capacities. Nominating
Committee We
have not adopted any procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to our Board of Directors. Audit
Committee The
Board of Directors acts as the audit committee. Item 11. Executive Compensation. The
following table sets forth the cash compensation paid by the Company to its President and all other executive officers who earned
annual compensation exceeding $100,000 for services rendered during the fiscal years ended October 31, 2014 and 2013. Name and Position Year Other Compensation Robert L. Coe, Chief Executive Officer 2013 2012 None None Anthony G. Roth, President 2013 2012 None None Amir F. Heshmatpour, Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Director 2013 2012 None None Director
Compensation We
do not currently pay any cash fees to our directors, nor do we pay directors’ expenses in attending board meetings. Employment
Agreements The
Company is not a party to any employment agreements. 11 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. (a)
The following tables set forth certain information as of January 29, 2015, regarding (i) each person known by the Company to be
the beneficial owner of more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, (ii) each director, nominee and executive officer
of the Company and (iii) all officers and directors as a group. Name and Address Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage of Class Amir F. Heshmatpour(1) 10830 Massachusetts Ave., Penthouse Los Angeles, CA 90024 2,500,000(2) 50.00% AFH Holding & Advisory, LLC 10830 Massachusetts Ave., Penthouse Los Angeles, CA 90024 2,500,000 50.00% Robert L. Coe 10830 Massachusetts Ave., Penthouse Los Angeles, CA 90024 1,500,000 30.00% Anthony G. Roth 10830 Massachusetts Ave., Penthouse Los Angeles, CA 90024 1,000,000 20.00% All Officers and Directors as a group 5,000,000 100.00% (1) Amir F. Heshmatpour serves as the sole officer and director of the Company. (2) Represents 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock owned by AFH Holding & Advisory LLC (“AFH Holding”). Mr. Heshmatpour is the sole member of AFH Holding and has sole voting and investment control over the shares of Common Stock owned of record by AFH Holding. Accordingly, he may be deemed a beneficial owner of the 2,500,000 shares of Common Stock owned by AFH Holding. (b)
The Company currently has not authorized any compensation plans or individual compensation arrangements. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions. Except
as otherwise indicated herein, there have been no related party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. Audit
Fees The
aggregate fees billed to the Company, for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and
review of financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or services that are normally provided in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings were $2,600 and $2,500 for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively. Audit-Related
Fees There
were no fees billed to the Company for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of
the audit or review of the Company’s financial statements for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2014 and 2013. Tax
Fees There
were no fees billed to the Company for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice, and tax planning for the fiscal years
ended October 31, 2014 and 2013. All
Other Fees There
were no fees billed to the Company for other products and services for the fiscal years ended October 31, 2014 and 2013. 12 Audit
Committee’s Pre-Approval Process The
Board of Directors acts as the audit committee of the Company, and accordingly, all services are approved by all the members of
the Board of Directors. Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. (a)
We set forth below a list of our audited financial statements included in Item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. Statement Page* Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Balance Sheets at October 31, 2014 and 2013 F-2 Statements of Changes in Stockholder’s Deficit for the Years Ended October 31, 2014 and 2013 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended October 31, 2014 and 2013 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended October 31, 2014 and 2013 F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 ____________ *Page
F-1 follows page 14 to this annual report on Form 10-K. (b)
Index to Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. Exhibit Description *3.1 Certificate of Incorporation *3.2 By-laws 31.1 Certification of the Company’s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Company’s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of the Company’s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 * Filed as an exhibit to the Company's registration statement on Form 10-SB, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 1, 2008 and incorporated herein by this reference. 13 SIGNATURES In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AFH ACQUISITION V, INC. Dated: January 29, 2015 By: /s/ Robert L. Coe Robert L. Coe Principal Executive Officer In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Title Date /s/ Amir F. Heshmatpour Chief Financial Officer January 29, 2015 Amir F. Heshmatpour (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) and Director /s/ Robert L. Coe Chief Executive officer January 29, 2015 Robert L. Coe (Principal Executive Officer) 14 AFH
ACQUISITION IX, INC. (A
DELAWARE CORPORATION) Los
Angeles, CA FINANCIAL REPORTS AT OCTOBER 31, 2014 Statement Page* Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Balance Sheets at October 31, 2014 and 2013 F-2 Statements of Changes in Stockholder’s Deficit for the Years Ended October 31, 2014 and 2013 F-3 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended October 31, 2014 and 2013 F-4 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended October 31, 2014 and 2013 F-5 Notes to Financial Statements F-6 15 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors
and Stockholders of AFH Acquisition V We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of AFH Acquisition V, Inc. as of October 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related statements
of income, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended October 31, 2014. . AFH
Acquisition V’s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audits. We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material
misstatement. The company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test
basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In
our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of AFH
Acquisition V as of October 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the
two year period ended October 31, 2014 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in
Note 4 to the financial statements, the Company has had no revenues and income since inception. These conditions, among others,
raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans concerning these
matters are also described in Note D, which includes the raising of additional equity financing or merger with another entity.
The financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Anton & Chia, LLP Anton & Chia, LLP Newport Beach, CA January 29, 2015 F- 1 AFH ACQUISITION V, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) BALANCE SHEETS October 31, 2014 2013 CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ — $ — Total Assets $ — $ — LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Current Liabilities Accrued Expenses $ 3,980 $ 3,586 Due to Parent 33,553 27,596 Total Liabilities 37,533 31,182 Stockholders' Deficit Preferred Stock: $.001 Par; 20,000,000 Shares Authorized, -0- Issued and Outstanding — — Common Stock: $.001 Par; 100,000,000 Shares Authorized; 5,000,000 Issued and Outstanding 5,000 5,000 Additional Paid-In-Capital 20,000 20,000 Deficit (62,533) (56,182) Total Stockholders' Deficit (37,533) (31,182) Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit $ — $ — F-2 AFH ACQUISITION V, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended October 31, 2014 2013 Revenues $ — $ — Expenses Legal and Professional $ 5,951 $ 4,686 Total Expenses $ 5,951 $ 4,686 Net Loss for the Period Before Taxes $ (5,951) $ (4,686) Franchise Tax 400 400 Net Loss for the Period After Taxes $ (6,351) $ (5,086) Loss per Share - Basic and Diluted $ (0.00) $ (0.00) Weighted Average Common Shares Outstanding 5,000,000 5,000,000 F-3 AFH ACQUISITION V, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT Common Stock Additional Total Number Paid-In Stockholders' of Shares Value Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - October 31, 2012 5,000,000 5,000 20,000 (51,096) (26,096) Net Loss for the Year — — — (5,086) (5,086) Balance - October 31, 2013 5,000,000 5,000 20,000 (56,182) (31,182) Net Loss for the Year — — — (6,351) (6,351) Balance - October 31, 2014 5,000,000 $ 5,000 $ 20,000 $ (62,533) $ (37,533) F-4 AFH ACQUISITION V, INC. (A DELAWARE CORPORATION) STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended October 31, 2014 2013 Cash Flows Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Net Loss for the Year $ (6,351) $ (5,086) Changes in Assets and Liabilities: Accrued Expenses 394 (858) Net Cash Flows Used in Operating Activities (5,957) (5,944) Net Cash Flows from Investing Activities — — Cash Flows from Financing Activities Cash Advance by (Repayment to) Parent 5,957 5,944 Net Cash Flows from Financing Activities 5,957 5,944 Net Change in Cash — — Cash - Beginning of Year — — Cash - End of Year $ — $ — Cash Paid During the Year for: Interest $ — $ — Income Taxes $ — $ — F- 5 Note
1 -	The Company AFH
Acquisition V, Inc., a development stage company (the “Company”), was incorporated under the laws of the State of
Delaware on September 24, 2007. The Company is majority owned by AFH Holding & Advisory, LLC (the “Parent”). The
financial statements presented represent only those transactions of AFH Acquisition V, Inc. The Company is looking to acquire
an existing company or acquire the technology to begin operations. As
a blank check company, the Company’s business is to pursue a business combination through acquisition, or merger with,
an existing company. As of the date of the financial statements, the Company is not conducting negotiations with any target business.
No assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in locating or negotiating with any target company. Since
inception, the Company has been engaged in organizational efforts. Note
2 -	Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Method
of Accounting The
Company maintains its books and prepares its financial statements on the accrual basis of accounting. Cash
and Cash Equivalents Cash
and cash equivalents include time deposits, certificates of deposit, and all highly liquid debt instruments with original maturities
of three months or less. The Company maintains cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions, which periodically may exceed
federally insured amounts. Loss
per Common Share Loss
per common share is computed in accordance with FASB ASC 260-10, by dividing income (loss) available to common stockholders by
weighted average number of common shares outstanding for each period. Use
of Estimates The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual
results can differ from those estimates. Organizational
Costs Organizational
costs represent management, consulting, legal, accounting, and filing fees incurred to date in the formation of the company. Organizational
costs are expensed as incurred in accordance with FASB ASC 720-15. Income
Taxes The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740-10, using the asset and liability approach, which requires recognition
of deferred tax liabilities and assets for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying
amounts and the tax basis of such assets and liabilities. This method utilizes enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the year
in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse and gives immediate effect to changes in income tax rates upon enactment.
Deferred tax assets are recognized, net of any valuation allowance, for temporary differences and net operating loss and tax credit
carry forwards. Deferred income tax expense represents the change in net deferred assets and liability balances. F-6 Financial
Instruments The
Company’s financial instruments consist of cash and due to parent. Unless otherwise noted, it is management’s opinion
that the Company is not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from these financial instruments. The
fair value of these financial instruments approximates their carrying value, unless otherwise noted. Recent
Pronouncements On
June 10, 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10, Development Stage Entities (Topic 915). The amendments in this update remove the definition
of a development stage entity from Topic 915, thereby removing the distinction between development stage entities and other reporting
entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present
inception-to-date information on the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder’s equity, (2) label the financial
statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the
entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior
years it had been in the development stage. Early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted this accounting standard during the
current period. In
May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, "Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)," which is the new comprehensive
revenue recognition standard that will supersede all existing revenue recognition guidance under GAAP. The standard's core principle
is that a company will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to a customer in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. This ASU is effective for
annual and interim periods beginning on or after December 15, 2016, and early adoption is not permitted. Entities will have the
option of using either a full retrospective approach or a modified approach to adopt the guidance in the ASU. The Company currently
has no revenues and doesn’t expect any impact of adopting this guidance. In
June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-12, "Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments
When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period." This
ASU provides more explicit guidance for treating share-based payment awards that require a specific performance target that affects
vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period as a performance condition. The new guidance is effective
for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance
to have a material impact on the financial statements. August
2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, “Presentation of Financial Statements – Going Concern (Topic 205-40)”, which
requires management to evaluate whether there is substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern
for each annual and interim reporting period. If substantial doubt exists, additional disclosure is required. This new standard
will be effective for the Company for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2016. Early adoption is permitted.
The Company is evaluating the adoption of this accounting standard to determine what material impacts it may have on the financial
statements and related disclosures. F-7 Note
3 - Equity Securities Holders
of shares of common stock shall be entitled to cast one vote for each common share held at all stockholders’ meetings for
all purposes, including the election of directors. The common stock does not have cumulative voting rights. The
preferred stock of the Company shall be issued by the Board of Directors of the Company in one or more classes or one or more
series within any class and such classes or series shall have such voting powers, full or limited, or no voting powers, and such
designations, preferences, limitations or restrictions as the Board of Directors of the Company may determine, from time to time. No
holder of shares of stock of any class shall be entitled as a matter of right to subscribe for or purchase or receive any part
of any new or additional issue of shares of stock of any class, or of securities convertible into shares of stock or any class,
whether now hereafter authorized or whether issued for money, for consideration other than money, or by way of dividend. On
December 14, 2011, the Company repurchased from Mr. Heshmatpour 2,500,000 of his shares for $100,000. On
December 14, 2011, the Company sold 2,500,000 shares of its common stock to two persons in a private transaction at a price of
$.04 per share for a total consideration of $100,000. The securities were sold pursuant to the exemption in Section 4(2) of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended and no commissions were paid. Note
4 -	Going Concern The
Company’s financial statements have been presented on the basis that it is a going concern, which contemplates the realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has reported recurring losses
from operations. As a result, there is an accumulated deficit of $62,533 at October 31, 2014. The
Company’s continued existence is dependent upon its ability to raise capital or acquire a marketable company. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Note
5 -	Due to Parent Due
to parent represents cash advances from AFH Holding & Advisory LLC. AFH Holding & Advisory LLC is the sole shareholder
of the Company. There are no repayment terms. F-8 EX-31.1 8 afhv103114form10kex31_1.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive
Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 I, Robert L. Coe, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of AFH Acquisition
V, Inc; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrants other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant have: a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change
in registrant’s internal control over financial reporting the occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrants other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: January 29, 2015 /s/ Robert L. Coe Robert L. Coe Chief Executive Officer EX-31.2 9 afhv103114form10kex31_2.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 Exhibit 31.2 Certification of the Company’s
Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 I, Amir F. Heshmatpour, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of AFH Acquisition
V, Inc; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrants other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and
I have: a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over
financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the
registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure
controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change
in registrant’s internal control over financial reporting the occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrants other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee
of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all deficiencies and material weaknesses
in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. Date: January 29, 2015 /s/ Amir. F. Heshmatpour Amir. F. Heshmatpour Principal Financial Officer EX-32.1 10 afhv103114form10kex32_1.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of AFH Acquisition V,
Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Robert L. Coe, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant
to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ Robert L. Coe Robert L. Coe Chief Executive Officer January 29, 2015 EX-32.2 11 afhv103114form10kex32_2.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of AFH Acquisition V,
Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Amir F. Heshmatpour, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ Amir F. Heshmatpour Amir F. Heshmatpour Principal Financial Officer January 29, 2015 GRAPHIC 12 image_001.gif GRAPHIC begin 644 image_001.gif
M1TE&.#EA7@).`/%BS5!I.K!,NK3ITZBY'D"L.4C5
MS:"CGDU-N[;MV[@[THT=A,/`"I]C2^6;N[CQX\@E[^8]6N"!(,&%S^3P.+GU
MZ]BS(UT.&F]!"]&ET_^LKKV\^?/H/8:5OKE"00?AQ5-/3[^^??K 0`T#=;_&QQT%_!042""L\IHB0%3OR&(B//!:I
MXY%!"GF0%:Q DDH0BML*>7C#;Z
MEX:\`2$0XH;;WTNNGDJP+IV>9%U,K*+@#0ZCNOOQQW
M3-(!,TFX'WQ1!5$F=`?/M.FR$QLZ<9_7.*RL07]BU.K+"Z>8[L;[>NSSSR"!
MF:NY`&`*U8R3_BH>>0I'["3.`BDJ,\2MYGO1T_8JF^ZK/0/M]=<6A1QF0D=`
M9S9T1_2'@-+" NNWABM.>7%RV)];."#A]ZQT-*ES1')CE<7=]UX
MUSUUWHMF[F3?! 45^0BWZ[EX>]B(0/#G`6(D!`%'VV2B+AZ.PNF_M^MTS
M9UVM[#AS?BSF&(/NY_:\,[D/[Z`ZU/?E43
M"83^_.*[7S]%[%>7/D'_`P#ZT%<=^!DD@`-I"$2"-1`$%N1[.BF@`L-'D`D>
MT'_F2XOZ-"B_^^EO@^19'P83TK[[!7""K\'5ACXD(^2YL"\->8`,'9*9LX&&
M1#G2'0#^MK#7T6MV&"%6W?]>Y;SL52Y4H.O>0>A2DP\=YB;.N8F`IC,5`#"E
M*E)LCE.B>)/F8*:)%$%0$^GGMH*4BXLV@:&`XH=#-HJE(@A*TQ=%4\&;E(A;
M,R%:%'&TF@\A"$=AX8D4:?*VWSS.C&WX!,V!:R')YK5=:#'<0PAKTKM6Z(L#.6NM:U*!2-4HD/$HU"QN?(Q46Q,P?`
MC',8PI3$\>2*,;J1+_U#H=58P)96%"83,4FB[[5Q- <^9>:PC3Q;2$&4R+C/5>6)?
MH(G_.(:02"+)Q"7\2,>;#U%J+-#IS%P>$I''Y)*3EUQ=[0X52DY%+UDZS%'L
M)C?*OW4-;M>2&+)@:1`$!>`@,CD(/R?%`7.>\S'`!,`A"S*36QZ$*01ARLJB
M6,ADSM.=!)$F@Q)Y*PT&\H';E&DV*Y*3,P(PD4A=ZCEQ%-.5VC0ATU'C8XZ*
MU%LM[XD]M:HV<513U53*
M'Z*JH@2A%H\"IZ.+:8FD"(FI05):TJ0B`*BQA*F`9AK48D+5D(\Y3`@3&18Q
M0=8_'Z)F.YO#5386\K$[#2-U;O4=J2;3I95%JA\_V\=;_W+VDJ7%9O'T>"D=
MX%21;"2K#@P"L`T1#4((%5``*G"$337N+M"99_+R\EF[WG6O`['Q" L5J8&AR-;>YC9&Y?CL0"_`%J`S^[$RJ`ZG6:%"M
MO3DI@XR'%Q&_M63N01UCDLH\F6&W6:=DY9U0]::1PNR5"PNOW":F)[J9]ZHH
M/1Q2^T/?W+Y7R+'5YGPO:>!W]A288@6`4$6K3DM%^+\Q0O)%@$"T1$:9C:G5
M9D\K#(239GBVHP$JA/WKSL>Z]/\P,B5:AG%T*[GZ9T-!:*YS\IP\@OWF>$=@
M7-F>`B,54_=#=+I3$JG544/-Z958@I*.;, &"N.Q*;R_CB_B2W7
M0YK3Q_7U\CWN%=!A+/"0%(*(1*UF*8=Y:],`T`6XX@JMRC"CU?5*F=9P!"J<
M8PE;TR($OV;]*1^?6?DM9UPDJ5Z^=[!]@4^3!`@I+L1W.WGXK^YVS?=MJ.H3;
M;%9`R,/_OM3A4WDUY'<9Z=)B_VZ*#V*JHEBT6\E]7NF`5Y8\>QPWR_9T+XK5OX-WGP->X'T_KWQO6O)O`M[A
M4X:J4*^\S0`S4XK`TZ;%[\S,G2Z8MLSNJ3!++EDIZE&]FL7^_]9EW?:[D)63
MF4(WM13=)QU)FE"">MIA+;+1W%^%*1NW/.5[6E9L\CW+PL=U"%=EE)=:=F=@
M5*9.'\)\A106.Z=T"N%-0*4#K@5Z"F8I5W6`V6=(179)7!:!"A%3ZO58>E=X
M2T0=OI,RO;(KY5<6GV4H2:0Y%I5$V05$]G<5)A5D^S<0145V`PA?2*=DQ%=T
M6W=\0:AUTW1;#4AU5<9`XD)K">B`SY 2B5^
M%'$8RW56AK-/Z)=^.`*#%4$ML$.# `%QA%
MQS1,R90XLU&`QT8B9D83`R%:$CAUBO^3%EKX1P<0``O16-^D7N,4@6Y%%]U4
MBD@DBV-BWH@H_!AA3AAA:%
M>XK2)!DUAW1H1XYT$S^U*?VW2*GV&GYW>8UTBC4Q?D(8:IE!$P4F16KT1G;'
M1-/A<0;1@RP%YNF7#S&+8&/@AQD1[9D@P)2`]):A($
M;0H)/B(629G_@C0"A(\2HHC2@V.ZJ%>V=S%"-)!&R3%B 97]4EPB$EWQHU:U*'E0V892N8^VIRY5@Y5HB2T$)3(X\ERU
M."+Z.#E[@B1TN2-C"6,OMD/^Z(MIV9>.4CQFF"N; XZ)>0R2)::3CJ(W 4-XEYF?
MY(]D21%_0ICU(N)R2-%.9O$B1^!F2N`
M-&CEUW"[*):]R9FCI"?ZLIG%69W:T6&2I([*J1]VP6)3J9G/*9`#_U%_R0*'
MUGF>N4&:6QF7OL))T/$`A!D@E2.'PK*9XEF?K^0YZ+F?US&9AL-'X&$V)9-G
M;%4T\5%Y^[AH]AECX_F+] !%!(61-+>2"T%A[1%1[M"=[40I[?0*E0WJEIU&D1IH\8K$9
M,2H5T(BE8LHQV'DPJS=W8YJF0$.AA1D;3*>F\J 22V7:=H7(J)*:+=KXE Q
I$Q 