0001036848-15-000007.txt : 20150312 0001036848-15-000007.hdr.sgml : 20150312 20150312143359
ACCESSION NUMBER: 0001036848-15-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT: 14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE: 20150312
DATE AS OF CHANGE: 20150312 FILER: COMPANY DATA: COMPANY CONFORMED NAME: AEROCENTURY CORP CENTRAL INDEX KEY: 0001036848 STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-EQUIPMENT RENTAL & LEASING, NEC [7359] IRS NUMBER: 943263974 STATE OF INCORPORATION: DE FISCAL YEAR END: 1231 FILING VALUES: FORM TYPE: 10-K SEC ACT: 1934 Act SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13387 FILM NUMBER: 15695548 BUSINESS ADDRESS: STREET 1: 1440 CHAPIN AVE STE 310 CITY: BURLINGAME STATE: CA ZIP: 94010 BUSINESS PHONE: 6503401888 MAIL ADDRESS: STREET 1: 1440 CHAPIN AVENUE SUITE 310 CITY: BURLINGAME STATE: CA ZIP: 94010 FORMER COMPANY: FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AEROMAX INC DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970331 10-K 1 acy10k2014.htm ACY 10-K 12/13/2014 acy10k2014.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, DC 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) x ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 o TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ Commission File Number: 001-13387 AeroCentury Corp. (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) Delaware 94-3263974 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310 Burlingame, California 94010 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: (650) 340-1888 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share NYSE MKT Exchange Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o No x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes x No o Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes x No o Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company x Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No x The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates (based upon the closing price as of June 30, 2014) was $15,332,400. The number of shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock outstanding as of March 12, 2015 was 1,543,257. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K incorporates information by reference from the Registrant’s Proxy Statement for its 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. Except as expressly incorporated by reference, the Registrant’s Proxy Statement shall not be deemed to be a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Forward Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (“the Exchange Act”). All statements in this Report other than statements of historical fact are "forward-looking statements" for purposes of these provisions, including any statements of plans and objectives for future operations and any statements of assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Statements that include the use of terminology such as "may," "will," "expects," "plans," "anticipates," "estimates," "potential," or "continue," or the negative thereof, or other comparable terminology are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include these statements: (i) in Part I, Item 1, “Business of the Company,” that the Company can purchase assets at an appropriate price and maintain an acceptable overall on-lease rate for the Company’s assets; and that it is able and willing to enter into transactions with a wider range of lessees than would be possible for traditional, large lending institutions and leasing companies; (ii) in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources” that the Company will be in compliance with all of its credit facility covenants at future calculation dates; and that the Company will have adequate cash flow to meet its ongoing operational needs, including any required repayments under the Credit Facility due to borrowing base limitations; (iii) in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Outlook,” that the Company could experience a delay in remarketing its off-lease assets; that the customers under several of the leases that expire in 2015 will choose to return the assets; that three of the Company’s aircraft will be returned at lease-end in 2015 after meeting the return conditions of the leases; that the leases for the remaining four aircraft will be extended; and that the Company will be in compliance with all of its Credit Facility covenants at future calculation dates ; that available borrowings under the Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet its continuing obligations and, if it is expanded to the maximum of $180 million, to fund anticipated acquisitions; (v) in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Factors that May Affect Future Results,” that the Company will be in compliance with all of its credit facility covenants at future calculation dates ; that the Company will have sufficient cash funds to make any required principal repayment that arises due to borrowing base limitations; that most of the Company’s growth will be outside North America; that the overall industry experience of JMC’s personnel and its technical resources should permit the Company to effectively manage new aircraft types and engines; that effective mitigating factors exist against undue compensation-incented risk-taking by JMC; that the burden and cost of complying with regulatory requirements will fall primarily upon lessees of equipment or the Company as owner of the equipment; that the costs of complying with environmental regulations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company; that the Company has sufficient cyber-security measures in place; that its main vulnerability would be interruption to email communication, loss of archives and loss of document sharing; and that sufficient replacement mechanisms exist such that there would not be a material adverse financial impact on the Company’s business. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and it is important to note that the Company's actual results could differ materially from those projected or assumed in such forward-looking statements. Among the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially are the factors detailed under the heading "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations –– Factors That May Affect Future Results," including the lack of any unexpected lessee defaults or insolvency; a deterioration of the market values of aircraft types owned by the Company; compliance by the Company's lessees with obligations under their respective leases; no sudden current economic downturn or unanticipated future financial crises; the continued availability of financing for acquisitions under the Credit Facility; the Company’s success in finding appropriate assets to acquire with such financing; deviations from the assumption that future major maintenance expenses will be relatively evenly spaced over the entire portfolio; and future trends and results which cannot be predicted with certainty. The cautionary statements made in this Report should be read as being applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they appear herein. All forward-looking statements and risk factors included in this document are made as of the date hereof, based on information available to the Company as of the date hereof, and the Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or risk factor. You should consult the risk factors listed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Item 1. Business. Business of the Company AeroCentury Corp., a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1997 (the “Company”), typically acquires used regional aircraft and aircraft engines for lease to regional carriers worldwide. The business of the Company is managed by JetFleet Management Corp. ("JMC"), pursuant to a management agreement (the “Management Agreement”) with JMC. JMC is an integrated aircraft management, marketing and financing business and a subsidiary of JetFleet Holding Corp. ("JHC"). Certain officers of the Company are also officers of JHC and JMC and hold significant ownership positions in both JHC and the Company. Since its formation, the Company has been engaged in the business of investing in used regional aircraft equipment leased to foreign and domestic regional air carriers. The Company’s principal business objective is to increase stockholder value by acquiring aircraft assets and managing those assets in order to provide a return on investment through lease revenue and, eventually, sale proceeds. The Company strives to achieve its business objective by reinvesting cash flow and using short-term and long-term debt and/or equity financing. The Company’s success in achieving its objective depends in large part on its success in three areas: asset selection, lessee selection and obtaining financing for acquisition of aircraft and engines. The Company typically acquires assets in one of three ways. The Company may purchase an asset already subject to a lease and assume the rights and obligations of the seller, as lessor under the existing lease. Additionally, the Company may purchase an asset from an air carrier and lease it back to the air carrier. Finally, the Company may purchase an asset from a seller and then immediately enter into a new lease for the aircraft with a third party lessee. In this last case, the Company typically does not purchase an asset unless a potential lessee has been identified and has committed to lease the asset. Occasionally, the Company may also acquire an asset for which it does not have a potential lessee. Although the Company has generally targeted used regional aircraft and engines with purchase prices between $3 million and $10 million, and lease terms of less than five years, in 2013 and 2014, the Company acquired six regional jets and a new ATR 42-600 aircraft with purchase prices and lease terms exceeding those of previously-acquired aircraft. In determining assets for acquisition, the Company evaluates, among other things, the type of asset, its current price and projected future value, its versatility or specialized uses, the current and projected availability of and demand for that asset, and the type and number of future potential lessees. Because JMC has extensive experience in purchasing, leasing and selling used regional aircraft and engines, the Company believes it can purchase these assets at an appropriate price and maintain an acceptable overall on-lease rate for the Company’s assets. In order to improve the remarketability of an aircraft after expiration of a lease, the Company’s leases generally contain provisions that require lessees to return the aircraft in a condition that allows the Company to expediently re-lease or sell the aircraft, or pay sufficient amounts based on usage under the lease to cover any maintenance or overhaul of the aircraft required to bring the aircraft to such a state. When considering whether to enter into transactions with a lessee, the Company generally reviews the lessee’s creditworthiness, growth prospects, financial status and backing; the experience of its management; and the impact of legal and regulatory matters in the lessee's market, all of which are weighed in determining the lease terms offered to the lessee. In addition, it is the Company’s policy to monitor the lessee’s business and financial performance closely throughout the term of the lease, and, if requested, provide assistance drawn from the experience of the Company’s management in many areas of the air carrier industry. Because of its “hands-on” approach to portfolio management, the Company believes it is able and willing to enter into transactions with a wider range of lessees than would be possible for traditional, large lending institutions and leasing companies. The Company has funded its asset acquisitions primarily through debt financing supplemented by free cash flow. The Company’s primary source of debt financing has been a secured credit facility. The Company's current credit facility ("Credit Facility") is provided by a syndicate of banks, with MUFG Union Bank, N.A. as agent, and in May 2014, the term was extended to May 31, 2019. Working Capital Needs The Company’s portfolio of assets has historically generated revenues that have exceeded the Company’s cash expenses, which consist mainly of management fees, maintenance costs, principal and interest payments on debt, professional fees, and insurance premiums. The management fees paid by the Company to JMC are based upon the size of the Company’s asset pool. Maintenance costs for off-lease aircraft are recognized as expenses as incurred, while reimbursement of lessee maintenance costs from previously collected maintenance reserves reduce the Company's maintenance reserves liability. Interest expense is dependent on both the balance of the Company’s indebtedness and applicable interest rates. Professional fees are paid to third parties for expenses not covered by JMC under the Management Agreement. Insurance expense includes amounts paid for directors and officers insurance, as well as product liability insurance and aircraft hull insurance for periods when an aircraft is off lease. So long as the Company succeeds in keeping the majority of its assets on lease and interest rates do not rise significantly and rapidly, the Company’s cash flow should continue to be sufficient to cover its expenses and provide excess cash flow. If the Company incurs unusually large maintenance costs or reimbursements for maintenance in any given period, the Company expects it will have sufficient cash flow or borrowing availability under its credit facility to fund such maintenance. Competition The Company competes with other leasing companies, banks, financial institutions, and aircraft leasing partnerships for customers that generally are regional commercial aircraft operators seeking to lease aircraft under operating leases. Competition has increased as competitors who have traditionally neglected the regional air carrier market have begun to focus on that market. Because competition is largely based on price and lease terms, the entry of new competitors into the market, and/or the entry of traditional large aircraft lessors into the regional aircraft niche, particularly those with greater access to capital markets than the Company, could lead to fewer acquisition opportunities for the Company and/or lease terms less favorable to the Company on acquisitions, as well as fewer renewals of existing leases or new leases of existing aircraft, all of which could lead to lower revenues, profitability and cash flow for the Company. The Company, however, believes that it has a competitive advantage due to its experience and operational efficiency in financing the transaction sizes that are desired by many in the regional air carrier market. Management believes that the Company also continues to have a competitive advantage because JMC has developed a presence as a global participant in the regional aircraft leasing market. Dependence on Significant Customers For the year ended December 31, 2014, the Company’s four largest customers accounted for 20%, 18%, 14% and 11% of lease revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2013, the Company’s four largest customers accounted for 23%, 19%, 11% and 10% of lease revenue. Concentration of credit risk with respect to lease receivables will diminish in the future only if the Company is able to re-lease assets currently on lease to significant customers to new customers and/or acquire assets for lease to new customers. Environmental Matters Neither compliance with federal, state and local provisions regulating discharge of greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide (CO2)) in the environment and/or aircraft noise regulations, nor remedial agreements or other actions relating to the environment, has had, or is expected to have, a material effect on the Company’s capital expenditures, financial condition, results of operations or competitive position. Employees Under the Company’s Management Agreement with JMC, JMC is responsible for all administration and management of the Company. Consequently, the Company does not have any employees. Available Information The headquarters of AeroCentury Corp. is located at 1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310, Burlingame, California 94010. The main telephone number is (650) 340-1888. The Company’s website is located at: http://www.aerocentury.com. The Company is subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act (the “Exchange Act”). Therefore, the Company files periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). Copies of these materials, filed by us with the SEC, are available free of charge on our website at www.aerocentury.com through the Investor Relations link (SEC Filings). The public may read and copy any materials the Company files with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room of the SEC at 100 F Street N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the SEC maintains an Internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide this information. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. As of December 31, 2014, the Company did not own or lease any real property, plant or materially important physical properties. The Company maintains its principal office at 1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310, Burlingame, California 94010. However, since the Company has no employees and the Company’s portfolio of leased aircraft assets is managed and administered under the terms of the Management Agreement with JMC, all office facilities are provided by JMC. For information regarding the aircraft and aircraft engines owned by the Company , refer to Note 3 to the Company’s financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. The Company from time to time engages in ordinary course litigation relating to lease collection matters against defaulting lessees and mechanic’s lien claims by vendors hired by lessees. None of the current litigation, if resolved adverse to the Company, is anticipated to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. The shares of the Company’s Common Stock are traded on the NYSE MKT exchange ("NYSE MKT") under the symbol “ACY.” Market Information The Company’s Common Stock has been traded on the NYSE MKT since January 16, 1998. The following table sets forth the high and low sales prices reported on the NYSE MKT for the Company’s Common Stock for the periods indicated: Period High Low Fiscal year ended December 31, 2014: Fourth Quarter $ 11.82 $ 8.05 Third Quarter 16.40 10.90 Second Quarter 18.90 15.25 First Quarter 19.00 15.03 Fiscal year ended December 31, 2013: Fourth Quarter 20.60 14.65 Third Quarter 22.30 19.10 Second Quarter 21.50 17.53 First Quarter 18.31 14.20 On March 10, 2015, the closing sale price of the Company’s Common Stock on the NYSE MKT exchange was $13.50 per share. Number of Security Holders According to the Company’s transfer agent, the Company had approximately 1,400 stockholders of record as of March 10, 2015. Because brokers and other institutions on behalf of beneficial stockholders hold many of the Company’s shares of Common Stock, the Company is unable to estimate the total number of beneficial stockholders represented by those record holders. Dividends No dividends have been declared or paid to date. The Company has no plans at this time to declare or pay dividends, and intends to re-invest any earnings into the acquisition of additional revenue-generating aircraft equipment. The terms of the Credit Facility prohibit the Company from declaring or paying dividends on its Common Stock, except for cash dividends in an aggregate annual amount not to exceed 50% of the Company's net income in the immediately preceding fiscal year so long as immediately prior to and immediately following such dividend the Company is not in default under the Credit Facility. Stockholder Rights Plan For information regarding the Company’s stockholder rights plan , refer to Note 8 to the Company’s financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. This report does not include information described under Item 301 of Regulation S-K pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit “smaller reporting companies” to omit such information. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Overview The Company owns regional aircraft and engines, which are typically leased to customers under triple net leases with terms that are less than the useful life of the assets. A “triple net operating lease” is an operating lease under which, in addition to monthly rental payments, the lessee is generally responsible for the taxes, insurance and maintenance and repair of the aircraft arising from the use and operation of the aircraft during the term of the lease. The acquisition of such equipment is generally made using debt financing. The Company’s profitability and cash flow are dependent in large part upon its ability to acquire equipment, obtain and maintain favorable lease rates on such equipment, and re-lease or sell equipment that comes off lease. The Company is subject to the credit risk of its lessees, both as to collection of rental payments and as to performance by lessees of their obligations to maintain the equipment. Since lease rates for assets in the Company’s portfolio generally decline as assets age, the Company’s ability to maintain and grow revenue and earnings is primarily dependent upon the Company’s ability to acquire and lease additional assets. The Company’s primary uses of cash are for purchases of aircraft and engines, maintenance, debt service payments, management fees, insurance and professional fees. The Company's most significant non-cash expenses include aircraft and engine depreciation, amortization of costs associated with the Company’s indebtedness, which is included in interest expense, and, in some years, impairment provisions, which are affected by significant estimates. Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates The Company’s discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations are based upon its financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses, and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. In the event that actual results differ from these estimates or the Company adjusts these estimates in future periods, the Company’s operating results and financial position could be materially affected. For a discussion of Critical Accounting Policies, Judgments and Estimates, refer to Note 1 to the Company’s financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of the Company’s accounting policies regarding maintenance reserves, refer to Note 4 to the Company’s financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For a discussion of the Company's change in method of accounting for certain maintenance reserves and lessor maintenance obligations and its application to prior periods, refer to Note 2 to the Company's financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Results of Operations The Company recorded a net loss of $11.3 million in 2014 compared to net income of $8.3 million in 2013, primarily as a result of recording impairment charges totaling $18.2 million for its seven Fokker 100 aircraft, as well as impairment charges of $0.5 million for three of its Fokker 50 aircraft in 2014. There were no recorded impairment charges of long-lived assets during 2013. Operating lease revenue increased 17% from $18.8 million in 2013 to $21.9 million in 2014, primarily as a result of assets purchased during 2013 and 2014. The effect of these increases was partially offset by the effect of assets that were on lease in the 2013 period but off lease in the 2014 period and asset sales during 2013 and 2014. Maintenance reserves revenue decreased 77% from $14.9 million in 2013 to $3.4 million in 2014. The amount recorded in 2013 period was comprised of $6.5 million, which was received from the prior lessee of two of the Company’s aircraft when the leases were assigned to a new lessee in 2012 and recognized as maintenance reserves revenue upon termination of those leases in the first quarter of 2013, and $8.4 million from maintenance reserves retained at lease end for five other aircraft. The amount recorded in 2014 period includes approximately $1.7 million of maintenance reserves retained at lease end for one aircraft and approximately $1.7 million of maintenance reserves retained when six aircraft were returned to the Company prior to lease expiration. During 2014, the Company recorded $3.1 million of net gains on the sale of nine aircraft and an aircraft engine, as compared to 2013, when the Company recorded $3.8 million in net gains from the sale of five aircraft and an engine, as well as the disposal of a spare engine. During 2014, the Company recorded $0.1 million of other income from retention of a non-refundable security deposit when a potential buyer of one of the Company's aircraft did not complete the planned purchase. During 2013, the Company recorded $0.5 million of other income from security deposits retained upon early termination of two leases following the lessee's bankruptcy. During 2014 and 2013, the Company added equipment to its lease portfolio of approximately $81.0 million and $24.7 million, respectively. The Company sold equipment with book values of approximately $14.5 million and $8.7 million million during 2014 and 2013, respectively. As a result of the timing of these asset acquisitions and sales, as well as changes in residual value assumptions from year to year, depreciation decreased by 1% in 2014 over the previous year. Management fees, which are based on the net asset value of the Company's aircraft and engines, increased by 12% in 2014 as compared to 2013. Due to a waiver by JMC of its fourth quarter management fees of approximately $1.2 million, management fees incurred by the Company were less by that amount than they would have been without such waiver. The average net book value of assets held for lease during 2014 and 2013 was approximately $171.7 million and $143.3 million, respectively, representing an increase of 20%. The average portfolio utilization during 2014 and 2013 was 82% and 76%, respectively. The Company's maintenance expense increased by 7% from $7.0 million in 2013 to $7.5 million in 2014, primarily as a result of an increase in maintenance performed by the Company on off-lease aircraft. The Company’s interest expense increased by 26% from $4.1 million in 2013 to $5.1 million in 2014, primarily as a result of a higher average Credit Facility balance. The Company’s professional fees, general and administrative and other expenses increased by 46% from $1.2 million in 2013 to $1.7 million in 2014, primarily as a result of expenses incurred in connection with the return of six aircraft and two engines by one of the Company’s customers when it ceased operations in 2014. The Company's other taxes expense increased by $0.4 million in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of the accrual of goods and service tax related to four of the Company's aircraft that are leased to a customer in Papua New Guinea. Liquidity and Capital Resources The Company is currently financing its assets primarily through debt financing and excess cash flows. (a) Credit Facility In May 2014, the Company’s $130 million Credit Facility was increased to $180 million and extended through May 31, 2019. The Credit Facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and is secured by all of the assets of the Company, including its aircraft and engine portfolio. In November 2013, the Company obtained a waiver of compliance with a lessee concentration covenant under its Credit Facility agreement at the September 30, 2013 and December 31, 2013 calculation dates. The Company was in compliance with all covenants other than the waived covenant under the Credit Facility agreement at December 31, 2013. Although the Company previously had letters of intent for the lease of five of its Fokker 100 aircraft, the prospective lessees decided not to lease the aircraft during the second quarter of 2014. Therefore, at June 30, 2014, the Company reevaluated the recoverability of the net book value of these assets and consequently obtained current market value appraisals, which resulted in aircraft impairment charges totaling $6.8 million being recorded for these aircraft during the second quarter of 2014. As a result of the impairment charges, the Company was out of compliance with a profitability covenant at June 30, 2014. In August 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to an amendment to the profitability covenant which cured the June 30, 2014 non-compliance. During the third quarter of 2014, based on management's assessment of the market for Fokker 100 aircraft and the estimated costs associated with preparing the Company's five off-lease Fokker 100 aircraft for re-lease, the Company recorded additional impairment charges of $8.5 million for these aircraft to write them down to their estimated liquidation values. The Company also recorded impairment charges of $0.3 million for an off-lease Fokker 50 aircraft and reclassified these six aircraft as held for sale. The Company sold the Fokker 50 aircraft in March 2015. The Company also recorded an impairment charge of $2.9 million, based on the appraised market values, for its two other Fokker 100 aircraft that were leased in September and October 2014. As a result of the third quarter impairment charges, the Company was out of compliance with the profitability, interest coverage and debt service coverage covenants of its Credit Facility at September 30, 2014. In November 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to an amendment to the Credit Facility that: cured the September 30, 2014 non-compliance; revised the compliance requirements through September 30, 2015; decreased the amount of the Credit Facility to $150 million due to the departure of two participant lenders; and decreased the maximum amount to which the Credit Facility can be expanded from $200 million to $180 million. The Company was in compliance with all covenants at December 31, 2014. Based on its current projections, the Company believes that it will be in compliance with all of its Credit Facility covenants at future calculation dates. Although the Company believes that the assumptions it has made in forecasting its compliance with the Credit Facility covenants are reasonable in light of experience, actual results could deviate from such assumptions and there can be no assurance the Company's beliefs will prove to be correct. Among the more significant factors that could have an impact on the accuracy of the Company's covenant compliance forecasts are (i) unanticipated decreases in the market value of the Company’s assets, or in the rental rates deemed achievable for such assets that cause the Company to record an impairment charge against earnings; (ii) lessee non-compliance with lease obligations, (iii) inability to locate new lessees for returned equipment within a reasonable remarketing period, or at a rent level consistent with projected rates, (iv) inability to locate and acquire a sufficient volume of additional assets at prices that will produce acceptable net returns, (v) increases in interest rates, or (vi) inability to timely dispose of off-lease assets at prices commensurate with their market value. Although the Company believes it will continue to be in compliance with all of the Credit Facility covenants, there can be no assurance of such compliance and, in the event of any non-compliance, the Company will need to seek further waivers or amendment of applicable covenants from its lenders if such compliance failure is not timely cured. Any default under the Credit Facility, if not cured in the time permitted under the facility or waived by the lenders, could result in foreclosure upon any or all of the assets of the Company. For additional information regarding the Company’s Credit Facility, refer to Note 7 to the Company’s financial statements in Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (b) Cash flow The Company’s primary sources of cash are (i) rent payments due under the Company’s operating and finance leases, (ii) maintenance reserves billed monthly to lessees based on asset usage, and (iii) proceeds from the sale of aircraft and engines. The Company’s primary uses of cash are for purchase of assets, maintenance expense and reimbursement to lessees from collected maintenance reserves, management fees, professional fees, insurance, and Credit Facility fees, interest and principal payments. The amount of interest paid by the Company depends on the outstanding balance of its Credit Facility, which carries a floating interest rate as well as an interest rate margin, and is therefore also dependent on changes in prevailing interest rates. The timing and amount of the Company’s payments for maintenance vary, depending on the timing of lessee-performed maintenance that is eligible for reimbursement, the aggregate amount of such claims and the timing and amount of maintenance incurred in connection with preparation of off-lease assets for re-lease to new customers. The Company’s maintenance payments typically constitute a large portion of its cash needs, and the Company may from time to time borrow additional funds under the Credit Facility to provide funding for such payments. Management believes that the Company will have adequate cash flow to meet its ongoing operational needs, including any required repayments under the Credit Facility due to borrowing base limitations, based upon its estimates of future revenues and expenditures, which include assumptions regarding (i) revenues for assets to be re-leased, (ii) the cost and anticipated timing of maintenance to be performed, (iii) required debt payments, (iv) timely use of proceeds of unused debt capacity toward additional acquisitions of income producing assets and (v) interest rates. There can be no assurance, however, that the Company's beliefs will prove to be correct. Although the Company believes that the assumptions it has made in forecasting its cash flow are reasonable in light of experience, actual results could deviate from such assumptions. As discussed above, in “Liquidity and Capital Resources – (a) Credit Facility” above, there are a number of factors that may cause actual results to deviate from such forecasts. (i) Operating activities The Company’s cash flow from operations decreased by $1.6 million in 2014 compared to 2013. As discussed below, the change in cash flow was primarily a result of a decrease in payments received for maintenance reserves and increases in payments for maintenance, interest, management fees and professional fees and general and administrative expenses, the effects of which were partially offset by an increase in payments received for operating lease revenue and a decrease in payments for aircraft insurance. Payments for operating lease revenue and maintenance reserves Rent receipts from lessees increased by $2.9 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to rent from assets purchased during late 2013 and early 2014. Receipts from lessees for maintenance reserves decreased by $1.8 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily as a result of asset sales and returns, as well as lower utilization of some assets for which the Company collects maintenance reserves. In addition, the Company does not collect maintenance reserves for most of the aircraft it acquired in 2013 and 2014. As of the date of this filing, the Company is receiving no lease revenue for six aircraft and five engines that are off lease, with a total book value of $22.3 million, representing 12% of the Company's total assets held for lease. One of the off-lease engines is being held as a spare and used in connection with required maintenance on the Company’s Fokker 100 aircraft. In addition, five off-lease Fokker 100 aircraft, with a total book value of $5.0 million, are being held for sale and not lease. Payments for maintenance Payments for maintenance increased by $0.7 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily as a result of an increase in maintenance costs for off-lease aircraft. The amount of payments for maintenance in future periods will depend on the amount and timing of maintenance paid as reimbursement to lessees for maintenance reserves claims, which are dependent upon utilization and required maintenance intervals, as well as maintenance paid for off-lease assets. Payment for interest Payments for interest increased by $1.1 million in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of a higher Credit Facility balance. Payments for management fees Although JMC waived its management fees of approximately $1.2 million for the fourth quarter of 2014, payments for management fees increased by $0.4 million in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of asset purchases in 2013 and 2014. No assurance can be given that JMC will waive any management fees in the future. Payment for professional fees, general and administrative and other expenses and aircraft insurance Payments for professional fees, general and administrative and other expenses increased by $0.6 million in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of expenses incurred in connection with the early return of six aircraft and two engines by one of the Company’s customers in 2014 period when it ceased operations. Payments for aircraft insurance decreased by $0.7 million in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of a difference in the timing of premium payments that are made on a semi-annual basis. (ii) Investing activities During 2014 and 2013, the Company received cash of $16.2 million and $10.9 million, respectively, from the sale of assets. During the same time periods, the Company used cash of $74.5 million and $25.0 million, respectively, for purchases and capital improvement of aircraft. (iii) Financing activities The Company borrowed $71.1 million and $19.0 million under the Credit Facility during 2014 and 2013, respectively. In these same time periods, the Company repaid $15.2 million and $9.3 million, respectively, of its total outstanding debt under the Credit Facility. Such repayments were funded by excess cash flow and the sale of assets. During 2014 and 2013, the Company paid $3.0 million and $2.1 million of fees, respectively, in connection with the extension and administration of the Company’s Credit Facility, as well as the waiver obtained from the banks during the fourth quarter of 2014. Such fees are being amortized over the term of the Credit Facility. Outlook (a) General While in certain areas of the world the air carrier industry is now beginning to experience growth after a period of contraction following the global downturn of recent years, other areas of the world continue to experience slow recovery and failures of weaker air carrier competitors that were unable to survive the aftermath of the global downturn. Overall, the Company continues to experience a reduction in the number of aircraft and aircraft engines needed for operation by carriers in nearly all geographic areas, especially in Western Europe, as compared to periods before the global downturn. The Company has identified three areas that could challenge the Company's growth and operating results by negatively affecting its collateral base and, therefore, its ability to access sources of financing: • The Company could experience (i) a delay in remarketing its off-lease assets, as well as (ii) lower rental rates for assets that are remarketed. The Company expects that the customers for several of the leases that expire in 2015 and after will choose to return the assets rather than renew the leases, notwithstanding that any such customer may incur significant expenses to satisfy return conditions. • Lessees that are located in low- or no- growth areas of the world carry heightened risk of an unanticipated lessee default. A lessee’s default and the unscheduled return of an asset to the Company for remarketing could result not only in reduced operating lease revenue but also in unanticipated, unrecoverable expenses arising from the lessee’s default on its maintenance and return condition obligations. The Company monitors the performance of all of its customers and has noted that several of the Company’s customers continue to experience weakened operating results and have not yet achieved financial stability. • Competition in the Company's market niche has increased recently as a result of new entrants to the acquisition and leasing market. The increased competition has put downward pressure on lease rates, resulting in lower margins. (b) Operating Segments The Company operates in one business segment, the leasing of regional aircraft to foreign and domestic regional airlines, and therefore does not present separate segment information for lines of business. At February 28, 2015, the dominant types of aircraft in the Company’s portfolio of assets held for lease were as follows: Model Number owned % of net book value Bombardier Dash-8-300 8 17 % Bombardier CRJ-700 3 16 % Bombardier CRJ-900 2 16 % Bombardier Dash-8-Q400 3 13 % For the month ended February 28, 2015, the Company’s sources of operating lease revenue were from the following regions: Region Number of lessees % of operating lease revenue Europe 3 29 % North America 2 22 % Africa 2 17 % Asia 3 14 % Central and South America 1 9 % Australia 1 9 % (c) Remarketing Efforts At December 31, 2014, five Fokker 100 aircraft and one Fokker 50 aircraft were classified as held for sale. In March 2015, the Company sold the Fokker 50 aircraft. The Company is seeking sales opportunities for the Fokker 100 aircraft. The Company is seeking remarketing opportunities for six aircraft and five engines that are held for lease. The Company is considering selling some or all of these assets. The Company is analyzing the amount and timing of maintenance required to remarket the assets, the amount of which may differ significantly if the assets are sold rather than re-leased. The leases for seven of the Company’s aircraft will expire during the first half of 2015. The Company believes that three of the aircraft will be returned at lease-end in 2015 after meeting the return conditions of the leases, and the Company believes that the leases for the remaining four aircraft will be extended. (d) Credit Facility In August 2014 and November 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to amendments to the Credit Facility, which cured non-compliance with certain of the covenants under the Credit Facility at June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014. The November 2014 amendment also revised the compliance requirements through September 30, 2015, decreased the amount of the Credit Facility to $150 million due to the departure of two participant lenders, and decreased the maximum amount to which the Credit Facility can be expanded from $200 million to $180 million. The unused amount of the Credit Facility was $16,600,000 as of March 12, 2015. Based on its current projections, the Company believes that it will be in compliance with all of its Credit Facility covenants at future calculation dates. The Company also believes that available borrowings under the Credit Facility will be sufficient to meet its continuing obligations and, if it is expanded to the maximum of $180 million, to fund anticipated acquisitions. However, there can be no assurance the Company's beliefs will prove to be correct. Factors that May Affect Future Results Noncompliance with Credit Facility Financial Covenants . The Company’s use of debt as the primary form of acquisition financing subjects the Company to increased risks associated with leverage. In addition to payment obligations, the Credit Facility agreement includes financial covenants, including some requiring the Company to have positive earnings, meet minimum net worth standards and be in compliance with certain other financial ratios. As discussed above in “Outlook – Credit Facility,” the Company was out of compliance with a number of covenants under its Credit Facility at June 30, 2014 and September 30, 2014. The Credit Facility was amended in August 2014 to cure the June 30, 2014 non-compliance and in November 2014 to cure the September 30, 2014 non-compliance, revise certain compliance requirements and decrease the amount of the Credit Facility from $180 million to $150 million. The November amendment also reduced the amount to which the Credit Facility can be expanded from $200 million to $180 million. Although the Company believes it will continue to be in compliance with all of the Credit Facility covenants, there can be no assurance of such compliance, and in the event of any non-compliance, the Company will need to seek further waivers or amendment of applicable covenants from its lenders if such compliance failure is not timely cured. Any default under the Credit Facility, if not cured in the time permitted under the facility or waived by the lenders, could result in foreclosure upon any or all of the assets of the Company. Ownership Risks. The Company’s leases typically are for a period shorter than the entire, anticipated, remaining useful life of the leased assets. The Company’s ability to recover its investment in an asset subject to such a lease is dependent upon the Company’s ability to profitably re-lease or sell the asset after the expiration of the lease term. This ability is dependent on worldwide economic conditions, general aircraft market conditions, regulatory changes that may make an asset’s use more expensive or preclude use due to the age of the aircraft or unless the asset is modified, changes in the supply or cost of aircraft equipment and technological developments that cause the asset to become obsolete. If the Company is unable to remarket its assets on favorable terms when the leases for such assets expire, the Company’s financial condition, cash flow, ability to service debt and results of operations could be adversely affected. The Company typically acquires used aircraft equipment. The market for used aircraft equipment has been cyclical, and generally reflects economic conditions and the strength of the travel and transportation industry. The demand for and value of many types of used aircraft in the recent past has been depressed by such factors as airline financial difficulties, the number of new aircraft on order and the number of aircraft coming off lease, as well as introduction of new aircraft models and types that may be more technologically advanced, more fuel efficient and/or less costly to maintain and operate. Values may also increase or decrease for certain aircraft types that become more or less desirable based on market conditions and changing airline capacity. In addition, a successful investment in an asset subject to a lease depends in part upon having the asset returned by the lessee in the condition as required under the lease. Each lease typically obligates a customer to return an asset to the Company in a specified condition, which generally requires it be returned in equal or better condition than at delivery to the lessee. If the lessee were to become insolvent during the term of its lease and the Company had to repossess the asset, it is unlikely that the lessee would have the financial ability to meet these return obligations and it is likely that the Company would be required to expend funds in excess of any maintenance reserves collected to return the asset to a remarketable condition. If the lessee filed for bankruptcy and rejected the aircraft lease, the lessee would be required to return the aircraft but would be relieved from further lease obligations, including return conditions specified in the lease. In that case, it is also likely that the Company would be required to expend funds in excess of any maintenance reserves collected to return the asset to a remarketable condition. Several of the Company’s leases do not require payment of monthly maintenance reserves, which serve as the lessee’s advance payment for its future repair and maintenance obligations. If repossession due to lessee default or bankruptcy occurred under such a lease, the Company would be left with the costs of unperformed repair and maintenance under the applicable lease and the Company would likely incur an unanticipated expense in order to re-lease or sell the asset. Furthermore, the occurrence of unexpected adverse changes that impact the Company’s estimates of expected cash flows generated from an asset could result in an asset impairment charge against the Company’s earnings. The Company periodically reviews long-term assets for impairment, in particular, when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment charge is recorded when the carrying amount of an asset is estimated to be not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The Company recorded impairment charges for some of its aircraft in 2014 and may be required to record asset impairment charges in the future as a result of a prolonged weak economic environment, challenging market conditions in the airline industry, events related to particular lessees, assets or asset types or other factors affecting the value of aircraft or engines. Lessee Credit Risk. The Company carefully evaluates the credit risk of each customer and attempts to obtain a third party guaranty, letters of credit or other credit enhancements, if it deems them necessary in addition to customary security deposits. There can be no assurance, however, that such enhancements will be available, or that, if obtained, will fully protect the Company from losses resulting from a lessee default or bankruptcy. If a lessee that is a certified U.S. airline were in default under a lease and sought protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, Section 1110 of the Bankruptcy Code would automatically prevent the Company from exercising any remedies against such lessee for a period of 60 days. After the 60-day period had passed, the lessee would have to agree to perform the lease obligations and cure any defaults, or the Company would have the right to repossess the equipment. However, this procedure under the Bankruptcy Code has been subject to significant litigation, and it is possible that the Company’s enforcement rights would be further adversely affected by a bankruptcy filing by a defaulting lessee. Several of the Company’s customers have experienced significant financial difficulties, become insolvent, or have been declared or have filed for bankruptcy. An insolvency or bankruptcy of a customer usually results in a total loss of those receivables. The Company closely monitors the performance of all of its lessees and its risk exposure to any lessee that may be facing financial difficulties, in order to guide decisions with respect to such lessee that would mitigate losses in the event the lessee is unable to meet or rejects its lease obligations. There can be no assurance that additional customers will not become insolvent or file for bankruptcy or that the Company will be able to mitigate any of the resultant losses. Risks Related to Regional Air Carriers. The Company’s continued focus on its customer base of regional air carriers subjects the Company to additional risks. Some of the lessees in the regional air carrier market are companies that are start-up, low-capital, and/or low-margin operators. Often, the success of such carriers depends on contractual arrangements with major trunk carriers or franchises from governmental agencies that provide subsidies for operating essential air routes, both of which may be subject to termination or cancellation on short notice. Regional carriers, even if financially strong, that are affiliated with an established major carrier can also be swept into bankruptcy if the major carrier files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent. Four of the Company's regional air carrier customers filed for bankruptcy in 2012 and 2013, and a Thai regional carrier that leased six aircraft and two engines from the Company ceased operations in May of 2014. Credit Facility Debt Limitations. The amount available to be borrowed under the Credit Facility is limited by the asset-specific advance rates. Lessee arrearages or asset off-lease periods may reduce the advance rate for the related assets and, therefore, the permitted borrowing under the facility. Amounts subject to payment deferral agreements also reduce the amount of permitted borrowing. The Company believes it will have sufficient cash funds to make any required principal repayment that arises due to any such borrowing limitations. Availability of Financing. The Company’s continued growth will depend on its ability to continue to obtain capital, either through debt or equity financings. There can be no assurance that the Company will succeed in obtaining capital in the future at terms favorable to the Company. General Economic Conditions and Lowered Demand for Travel. The Company’s business is dependent upon general economic conditions and the strength of the travel and transportation industry. The industry is continuing to experience financial difficulty due to the slow recovery in the global economy. The spread of a disease epidemic, the threat or execution of a terrorist attack against aviation, a worsening financial/bank crisis in Europe, a natural event that interrupts air traffic, military conflict, political crises or other events that cause a prolonged spike in fuel prices, or other like events could exacerbate an already weakened condition and lead to widespread failures in the air carrier industry. If lessees experience financial difficulties and are unable to meet lease obligations, this will, in turn, negatively affect the Company’s financial performance. Airline reductions in capacity in response to lower passenger loads have resulted in reduced demand for aircraft and aircraft engines and a corresponding decrease in market lease rental rates and aircraft values for many aircraft types. This reduced market value could affect the Company’s results if the market value of an asset or assets in the Company’s portfolio falls below carrying value, and the Company determines that a write-down of the value on its balance sheet is appropriate. Furthermore, if older, expiring leases are replaced with leases at decreased lease rates, the lease revenue from the Company’s existing portfolio is likely to decline, with the magnitude of the decline dependent on the length of the downturn and the depth of the decline in market rents. Economic downturns can affect certain regions of the world more than others. As the Company’s portfolio is not entirely globally diversified, a localized downturn in one of the key regions in which the Company leases assets could have a significant adverse impact on the Company. The Company’s significant sources of operating lease revenue by region are summarized in “ Outlook - Operating Segments ,” above. In past years, several of the Company’s customers have experienced financial difficulties arising from a combination of the weakened air carrier market and their own unique financial circumstances and have requested and been granted deferral of certain overdue and/or future rental or maintenance reserve payment obligations. It is possible that the Company may enter into additional deferral agreements if the current weakened air carrier environment continues. When a customer requests a deferral of lease obligations, the Company evaluates the lessee’s financial plan, the likelihood that the lessee can remain a viable carrier, and whether the deferral will be repaid according to the agreed schedule. The Company may elect to record the deferred rent and reserve payments from the lessee on a cash basis, which could have a material effect on the Company’s financial results in the applicable periods. Deferral agreements with lessees also reduce the Company's borrowing capacity under its Credit Facility. International Risks . The Company leases assets in overseas markets. Leases with foreign lessees, however, may present different risks than those with domestic lessees. Most of the Company’s expected growth is outside of North America. A lease with a foreign lessee is subject to risks related to the economy of the country or region in which such lessee is located, which may be weaker than the U.S. economy. An economic downturn in a particular country or region may impact a foreign lessee’s ability to make lease payments, even if the U.S. and other foreign economies remain stable. Foreign lessees are subject to risks related to currency conversion fluctuations. Although the Company’s current leases are all payable in U.S. dollars, the Company may agree in the future to leases that permit payment in foreign currency, which would subject such lease revenue to monetary risk due to currency fluctuations. In addition, if the Company undertakes certain obligations under a lease to contribute to a repair or improvement and if the work is performed in a foreign jurisdiction and paid for in foreign currency, currency fluctuations resulting in a weaker dollar between the time such agreement is made and the time payment for the work is made may result in an unanticipated increase in U.S. dollar-denominated cost for the Company. Even with U.S. dollar-denominated lease payment provisions, the Company could still be affected by a devaluation of the lessee’s local currency that would make it more difficult for a lessee to meet its U.S. dollar-denominated payments, increasing the risk of default of that lessee, particularly if its revenue is primarily derived in the local currency. Foreign lessees that operate internationally may also face restrictions on repatriating foreign revenue to their home country. This could create a cash flow crisis for an otherwise profitable carrier, affecting its ability to meet its lease obligations. Foreign lessees may also face restrictions on payment of obligations to foreign vendors, including the Company, which may affect their ability to timely meet lease obligations to the Company. Foreign lessees are not subject to U.S. bankruptcy laws, although there may be debtor protection similar to U.S. bankruptcy laws available in some jurisdictions. Certain countries do not have a central registration or recording system with which to locally establish the Company’s interest in equipment and related leases. This could make it more difficult for the Company to recover an aircraft in the event of a default by a foreign lessee. In any event, collection and enforcement may be more difficult and complicated in foreign countries. Finally, ownership of a leased asset operating in a foreign country and/or by a foreign carrier may subject the Company to additional tax liabilities that are not present with aircraft operated in the United States. Depending on the jurisdiction, laws governing such tax liabilities may be complex, not well formed or not uniformly enforced. In such jurisdictions, the Company may decide to take an uncertain tax position based on the best advice of the local tax experts it engages, which position may be challenged by the taxing authority. If the taxing authority later assesses a liability, the Company may be required to pay penalties and interest on the assessed amount, which penalties and interest would not give rise to a corresponding foreign tax credit on the Company’s U.S. tax return. Concentration of Lessees and Aircraft Type. For the month ended February 28, 2015, the Company’s four largest customers accounted for a total of approximately 54% of the Company’s monthly lease revenue. A lease default by or collection problem with one or a combination of any of these significant customers could have a disproportionate negative impact on the Company’s financial results and borrowing base under the Credit Facility, and, therefore, the Company’s operating results are especially sensitive to any negative developments with respect to these customers in terms of lease compliance or collection. In addition, if the Company’s revenues become overly concentrated in a small number of lessees, the Company could fail to comply with certain financial covenants in its Credit Facility related to customer concentration. In the event of any such failure to be in compliance, the Company will need to seek waivers or amendment of the applicable covenants from its lenders if such compliance failure is not timely cured. Any default under the Credit Facility, if not cured in the time permitted under the Credit Facility or waived by the lenders, could result in foreclosure upon any or all of the assets of the Company. The dominant types of aircraft in the Company’s portfolio are summarized in “ Outlook - Operating Segments ,” above. A change in the desirability and availability of any of these types of aircraft, which would in turn affect valuations of such aircraft, would have a disproportionately significant impact on the Company’s portfolio value. Such aircraft type concentration would diminish if the Company acquires assets of other types. Conversely, acquisition of these types of aircraft will increase the Company’s risks related to its concentration of those aircraft types. Investment in New Aircraft Types and Engines. The Company intends to continue to focus solely on regional aircraft and engines. Although the Company has traditionally invested in a limited number of types of turboprop aircraft and engines, the Company has also acquired several types of regional jet aircraft and regional jet aircraft engines, and may continue to seek acquisition opportunities for new types and models of aircraft and engines used in the Company’s targeted customer base of regional air carriers. Acquisition of aircraft types and engines not previously acquired by the Company entails greater ownership risk due to the Company's lack of experience managing those assets. The Company believes, however, that the overall industry experience of JMC’s personnel and its technical resources should permit the Company to effectively manage such new aircraft types and engines. Further, the broadening of the asset types in the aircraft portfolio may have a benefit of diversifying the Company’s portfolio (see “ Factors That May Affect Future Results – Concentration of Lessees and Aircraft Type ,” above). Engine Leasing Risk. The Company currently has five engines in its portfolio, making up 5% of the Company’s total net book value of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease. The Company may from time to time lease one or more of these engines under industry standard short-term engine leases, which place the risk of an engine failure not caused by lessee negligence or foreign object damage upon the lessor. It is not economically practicable for an engine lessor to insure against that risk. If an engine failure occurs and is not covered by a manufacturer’s warranty or is not otherwise caused by circumstances that the lessee is required to cover, the Company’s investment in the engine could be a significant loss or the Company might incur a significant maintenance expense. Interest Rate Risk. The Credit Facility carries a floating interest rate based upon short-term interest rate indices. Lease rates typically, but not always, move over time with interest rates, but market demand and numerous other asset-specific factors also affect lease rates. Because the Company’s typical lease rates are fixed at lease origination, interest rate changes during the lease term have no effect on existing lease rental payments. Therefore, if interest rates rise significantly and there is relatively little lease origination by the Company following such rate increases, the Company could experience decreased net income as additional interest expense outpaces revenue growth. Further, even if significant lease origination occurs following such rate increases, other contemporaneous aircraft market forces may result in lower or flat rental rates, thereby decreasing net income. Reliance on JMC. All management of the Company is performed by JMC under the twenty-year Management Agreement between the Company and JMC that expires in April of 2018 and provides for an asset-based management fee. JMC is not a fiduciary of the Company or its stockholders. The Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) has ultimate control and supervisory responsibility over all aspects of the Company and owes fiduciary duties to the Company and its stockholders. The Board has no control over the internal operations of JMC, but the Board does have the ability and responsibility to manage the Company’s relationship with JMC and the performance of JMC's obligations to the Company under the Management Agreement, as it would have for any third party service provider to the Company. While JMC may not owe any fiduciary duties to the Company by virtue of the Management Agreement, all of the officers of JMC are also officers of the Company, and in that capacity owe fiduciary duties to the Company and its stockholders. In addition, certain officers of the Company hold significant ownership positions in the Company and JHC, the parent company of JMC. The Management Agreement may be terminated if JMC defaults on its obligations to the Company. However, the agreement provides for liquidated damages in the event of its wrongful termination by the Company. Certain directors of the Company are also directors of JMC and, as discussed above, the officers of the Company are also officers of JMC and certain officers hold significant ownership positions in both the Company and JHC, the holding company for JMC. Consequently, the directors and officers of JMC may have a conflict of interest in the event of a dispute between the Company and JMC. Although the Company has taken steps to prevent conflicts of interest arising from such dual roles, such conflicts may still occur. Management Fee Structure. All decisions regarding acquisitions and disposal of aircraft from the Company’s portfolio are made by JMC. JMC is paid a management fee based on the net asset value of the Company’s portfolio. It may also receive a one-time asset acquisition fee upon purchase of an asset by the Company, and a one-time remarketing fee in connection with the sale or re-lease of an asset. Optimization of the results of the Company depends on timing of the acquisition, lease yield on the acquired assets, and re-lease or sale of its portfolio assets. Under the current management fee structure, a larger volume of acquisitions generates acquisition fees and also increases the periodic management fee by increasing the size of the aircraft portfolio. Since the Company’s current business strategy involves continued growth of its portfolio and a “buy and hold” strategy, a compensation structure that results in greater compensation with an increased portfolio size is consistent with that strategy. The compensation structure does, nonetheless, create a situation where a decision by JMC for the Company to forego an asset transaction deemed to be an unacceptable business risk due to the lessee or the aircraft type is in conflict with JMC’s own pecuniary interest. As a result, the compensation structure could act to incent greater risk-taking by JMC in asset acquisition decision-making. The Company has established objective target guidelines for yields on acquired assets. Further, the Company’s Board, including a majority of the outside independent directors, must approve any acquisition that involves a new asset type. While the Company currently believes the foregoing are effective mitigating factors against undue compensation-incented risk-taking by JMC, there is no assurance that such mechanisms can entirely and effectively eliminate such risk. Government Regulation. There are a number of areas in which government regulation may result in costs to the Company. These include aircraft registration safety requirements, required equipment modifications, maximum aircraft age, and aircraft noise requirements. Although it is contemplated that the burden and cost of complying with such requirements will fall primarily upon lessees of equipment, there can be no assurance that the cost will not fall on the Company. Furthermore, future government regulations could cause the value of any non-complying equipment owned by the Company to decline substantially. Competition . The aircraft leasing industry is highly competitive. The Company competes with aircraft manufacturers, distributors, airlines and aircraft operators, equipment managers, leasing companies, equipment leasing programs, financial institutions and other parties engaged in leasing, managing or remarketing aircraft, many of which have significantly greater financial resources. Nevertheless, the Company believes that it is competitive because of JMC’s experience and operational efficiency in identifying and obtaining financing for the transaction types desired by regional air carriers. This market segment, which in many cases involves customers that are private companies without well-established third party credit ratings, is not well served by the Company’s larger competitors. JMC has developed a reputation as a global participant in this segment of the market, and the Company believes that JMC’s reputation benefits the Company. There is, however, no assurance that competition from larger aircraft leasing companies will not increase significantly or that JMC’s reputation will continue to be strong in this market segment. Casualties, Insurance Coverage . The Company, as owner of transportation equipment, may be named in a suit claiming damages for injuries or damage to property caused by its assets. As a triple-net lessor, the Company is generally protected against such claims, since the lessee would be responsible for, insure against and indemnify the Company for such claims. A “triple net lease” is a lease under which, in addition to monthly rental payments, the lessee is generally responsible for the taxes, insurance and maintenance and repair of the aircraft arising from the use and operation of the aircraft during the term of the lease. Although the United States Aviation Act may provide some protection with respect to the Company’s aircraft assets, it is unclear to what extent such statutory protection would be available to the Company with respect to its assets that are operated in foreign countries where such provisions of the United States Aviation Act may not apply. The Company’s leases generally require a lessee to insure against likely risks of loss or damage to the leased asset, and liability to passengers and third parties pursuant to industry standard insurance policies and require lessees to provide insurance certificates documenting the policy periods and coverage amounts. The Company tracks receipt of the certificates and calendars their expiration dates. Prior to the expiration of an insurance certificate, if a replacement certificate has not been received, the Company reminds the lessee of its obligation to provide current insurance certificates to avoid a default under the lease. Despite these requirements and procedures, there may be certain cases where the loss is not entirely covered by the lessee or its insurance. The possibility of such an event is remote, but any such uninsured loss with respect to the equipment or insured loss for which insurance proceeds are inadequate might result in a loss of invested capital in and any profits anticipated from, such equipment, as well as a potential claim directly against the Company. Compliance with Future Environmental Regulations. Compliance with future environmental regulations may harm the Company’s business. Many aspects of aircraft operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental regulations, and growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition by the U.S and foreign governments of additional regulation of carbon emissions, aimed at either requiring adoption of technology to reduce the amount of carbon emissions or putting in place a fee or tax system on carbon emitters. It is likely that any such regulation will be directed at the Company’s customers, as operators of aircraft, or at the Company, as owners of aircraft. Under the Company’s triple-net lease arrangements, the Company would likely shift responsibility for compliance to its lessees, but there might be some costs of regulation that the Company could not shift and would itself have to bear. Although it is not expected that the costs of complying with current environmental regulations will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows, no assurance can be given that the costs of complying with environmental regulations adopted in the future will not have such an effect. Cyber-Security Risks. The Company believes that it has sufficient cyber-security measures in place commensurate with the risks to the Company of a successful cyber-attack or breach of security. The Company believes that its main vulnerability to a cyber-attack would be interruption of the Company’s email communications internally and with third parties, loss of customer and lease archives, and loss of document sharing between the Company’s offices and remote workers. Such an attack could temporarily impede the efficiency of the Company’s operations; however, the Company believes that sufficient replacement mechanisms exist in the event of such an interruption that there would not be a material adverse financial impact on the Company’s business. Warrants. As part of a subordinated debt financing, which was fully repaid in December of 2011, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 81,224 shares of the Company’s common stock that are currently exercisable (and expire on December 31, 2015) and represent approximately 5% of the post-exercise fully diluted capitalization of the Company. The exercise price of the warrants is $8.75 per share. If the warrants to purchase shares are exercised at a time when the exercise price is less than the market price of the Company’s common stock, there will be dilution to the existing holders of common stock. This dilution of the Company’s common stock could depress its trading price. Possible Volatility of Stock Price . The market price of the Company’s common stock may be subject to fluctuations following developments relating to the Company’s operating results, changes in general conditions in the economy, the financial markets, the airline industry, changes in accounting principles or tax laws applicable to the Company or its lessees, or other developments affecting the Company, its customers or its competitors, or arising from other investor sentiment unknown to the Company. Because the Company has a relatively small capitalization of approximately 1.5 million shares outstanding, there is a correspondingly limited amount of trading and float of the Company’s shares. Consequently, the Company’s stock price is more sensitive to a single large trade or a small number of simultaneous trades along the same trend than a company with larger capitalization and higher trading volume and float. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. This report does not include information described under Item 305 of Regulation S-K pursuant to the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit “smaller reporting companies” to omit such information. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. (a) Financial Statements and Schedules (1) Financial statements for the Company: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 Notes to Financial Statements (2) Schedules: All schedules have been omitted since the required information is presented in the financial statements or is not applicable. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm The Board of Directors and Stockholders AeroCentury Corp. Burlingame, California We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of AeroCentury Corp. (the "Company") as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of AeroCentury Corp. at December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended , in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for non-refundable maintenance reserves and lessor maintenance obligations during the year ended December 31, 2014. These changes were applied retrospectively to all periods presented. /s/ BDO USA, LLP San Francisco, California March 12, 2015 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. AeroCentury Corp. Balance Sheets ASSETS December 31, December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,840,500 $ 2,112,700 Accounts receivable, including deferred rent of $111,300 and $217,200 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively 2,128,600 3,303,800 Finance leases receivable - 1,895,200 Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $38,962,800 and $50,679,300 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively 186,762,600 152,954,600 Assets held for sale 6,522,900 735,000 Prepaid expenses and other 4,520,300 3,633,000 Total assets $ 201,774,900 $ 164,634,300 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 2,818,200 $ 1,202,700 Notes payable and accrued interest 133,590,600 77,527,300 Maintenance reserves 12,927,700 16,671,800 Accrued maintenance costs 2,115,700 1,612,100 Security deposits 5,218,300 6,265,000 Unearned revenues 1,642,200 646,700 Deferred income taxes 8,621,300 14,573,800 Total liabilities 166,934,000 118,499,400 Commitments and contingencies Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding - - Common stock, $0.001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, 1,606,557 shares issued and outstanding 1,600 1,600 Paid-in capital 14,780,100 14,780,100 Retained earnings 20,563,300 31,857,300 35,345,000 46,639,000 Treasury stock at cost, 63,300 shares (504,100 ) (504,100 ) Total stockholders’ equity 34,840,900 46,134,900 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 201,774,900 $ 164,634,300 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. AeroCentury Corp. Statements of Operations For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Revenues and other income: Operating lease revenue, net $ 21,913,300 $ 18,794,200 Maintenance reserves revenue, net 3,393,600 14,910,400 Net gain on disposal of assets 3,147,200 3,808,200 Other income 252,400 718,800 28,706,500 38,231,600 Expenses: Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 18,736,500 - Maintenance 7,478,400 6,962,400 Depreciation 7,299,000 7,363,100 Management fees, net of approximately $1,200,000 of fees waived by JMC in 2014 3,864,900 4,369,300 Interest 5,134,200 4,075,000 Professional fees, general and administrative and other 1,718,800 1,174,500 Insurance 1,255,300 1,166,400 Other taxes 465,200 90,200 Bad debt expense - 357,600 45,952,300 25,558,500 (Loss)/income before income tax provision (17,245,800 ) 12,673,100 Income tax (benefit)/provision (5,951,800 ) 4,329,200 Net (loss)/income $ (11,294,000 ) $ 8,343,900 (Loss)/earnings per share: Basic $ (7.32 ) $ 5.41 Diluted $ (7.32 ) $ 5.26 Weighted average shares used in (loss)/earnings per share computations: Basic 1,543,257 1,543,257 Diluted 1,543,257 1,587,036 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. AeroCentury Corp. Statements of Stockholders’ Equity For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Total Balance, December 31, 2012 (As adjusted) $ 1,600 $ 14,780,100 $ 23,513,400 $ (504,100 ) $ 37,791,000 Net income - - 8,343,900 - 8,343,900 Balance, December 31, 2013 (As adjusted) 1,600 14,780,100 31,857,300 (504,100 ) 46,134,900 Net loss - - (11,294,000 ) - (11,294,000 ) Balance, December 31, 2014 $ 1,600 $ 14,780,100 $ 20,563,300 $ (504,100 ) $ 34,840,900 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. AeroCentury Corp. Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Operating activities: Net (loss)/income $ (11,294,000 ) $ 8,343,900 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets (3,147,200 ) (3,808,200 ) Depreciation 7,299,000 7,363,100 Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 18,736,500 - Non-cash interest 950,100 1,113,600 Deferred income taxes (5,952,600 ) 4,321,300 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (498,000 ) (96,100 ) Finance leases receivable 1,895,200 246,000 Income taxes receivable - 2,000 Prepaid expenses and other 486,700 (772,400 ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses (132,400 ) (23,400 ) Accrued interest on notes payable 163,300 (38,400 ) Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (1,313,700 ) (9,128,800 ) Security deposits (2,167,700 ) (525,200 ) Unearned revenue 210,200 (105,700 ) Income taxes payable - (19,100 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 5,235,400 6,872,600 Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 15,854,800 10,018,700 Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 312,100 945,100 Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines (74,529,000 ) (24,965,500 ) Net cash used in investing activities (58,362,100 ) (14,001,700 ) Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 71,100,000 19,000,000 Repayments of Credit Facility (15,200,000 ) (9,300,000 ) Debt issuance costs (3,045,500 ) (2,055,000 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 52,854,500 7,645,000 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (272,200 ) 515,900 Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 2,112,700 1,596,800 Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 1,840,500 $ 2,112,700 During the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company paid interest totaling $4,117,900 and $3,077,100, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company paid income taxes totaling $800 and $800, respectively. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (a) The Company and Basis of Presentation AeroCentury Corp. ("the Company'), a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1997, typically acquires used regional aircraft and engines for lease to foreign and domestic regional carriers. As discussed in Note 2, during the first quarter of 2014, the Company changed its method of accounting for non-refundable maintenance reserves and certain lessor maintenance obligations. The Company has applied this change in accounting principle retrospectively to all periods presented in accordance with ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (“ASC 250”). (b) Use of Estimates The Company’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable for making judgments that are not readily apparent from other sources. The most significant estimates with regard to these financial statements are the residual values and useful lives of the assets, the amount and timing of cash flows associated with each asset that are used to evaluate whether assets are impaired, accrued maintenance costs, accounting for income taxes, and the amounts recorded as allowances for doubtful accounts. (c) Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers highly liquid investments readily convertible into known amounts of cash, with original maturities of 90 days or less from the date of acquisition, as cash equivalents. (d) Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation The Company’s interests in aircraft and aircraft engines are recorded at cost, which includes acquisition costs. Since inception, the Company has typically purchased only used aircraft and aircraft engines. It is the Company’s policy to hold aircraft for approximately twelve years unless market conditions dictate otherwise. Therefore, depreciation of aircraft is initially computed using the straight-line method over the anticipated holding period, usually twelve years, to an estimated residual value based on appraisal. For an aircraft engine held for lease as a spare, the Company estimates the length of time that it will hold the aircraft engine based upon estimated usage, repair costs and other factors, and depreciates it to the appraised residual value over such period using the straight-line method. The Company periodically reviews plans for lease or sale of its aircraft and aircraft engines and changes, as appropriate, the remaining expected holding period for such assets. Estimated residual values are reviewed and adjusted periodically, based upon updated estimates obtained from an independent appraiser. Decreases in the fair value of aircraft could affect not only the current value, discussed below, but also the estimated residual value. Assets that are held for sale are not subject to depreciation and are separately classified on the balance sheet. Such assets are carried at the lower of their carrying value or estimated fair values, less costs to sell. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) (e) Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent possible. The fair value hierarchy under GAAP is based on three levels of inputs. Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The carrying amount of the Company's money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents was $1,044,300 and $1,842,000 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. The fair value of the Company's money market funds would be categorized as Level 1 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, there were no liabilities that were required to be measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis The Company determines fair value of long-lived assets held and used, such as aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease and held for sale, by reference to independent appraisals, quoted market prices (e.g., offers to purchase) and other factors. An impairment charge is recorded when the Company believes that the carrying value of an asset will not be recovered through future net cash flows and that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. During 2014, based on appraised values, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $3,124,200 for two Fokker 100 aircraft and two Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for lease, resulting in a carrying value of $7,837,300. The fair value of such assets would be categorized as Level 2 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease in 2013. During 2014, based on management's estimate of realizable value, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $15,612,300 for five Fokker 100 aircraft and one Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for sale, resulting in a carrying value of $6,100,000. The fair value of such assets would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for sale in 2013. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments The Company’s financial instruments, other than cash and cash equivalents, consist principally of finance leases receivable and amounts borrowed under its credit facility (the “Credit Facility,” as defined in Note 7). The fair value of accounts receivable, finance leases receivable, accounts payable and the Company’s maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs approximates the carrying value of these financial instruments. Borrowings under the Company’s Credit Facility bear floating rates of interest that reset periodically to a market benchmark rate plus a credit margin. The Company believes the effective interest rate of this debt agreement approximates current market rates for such indebtedness at the balance sheet date, and therefore that the carrying amount of its floating rate debt at the balance sheet dates approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Company’s outstanding balance of its Credit Facility would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. (f) Impairment of Long-lived Assets The Company reviews assets for impairment when there has been an event or a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. In addition, the Company routinely reviews all long-lived assets for impairment annually. Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the future estimated undiscounted cash flows (without interest charges) that the asset is expected to generate. Estimates are based on currently available market data and independent appraisals and are subject to fluctuation from time to time. If these estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset at the time of evaluation, any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined by reference to independent appraisals and other factors considered relevant by management. Significant management judgment is required in the forecasting of future operating results that are used in the preparation of estimated future undiscounted cash flows and, if different conditions prevail in the future, material write-downs may occur. As discussed in (e) Fair Value Measurements above, the Company recorded impairment provisions totaling $18,736,500 in 2014. No impairment provisions were recorded in 2013. (g) Deferred Financing Costs and Commitment Fees Costs incurred in connection with debt financing are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt using the effective interest method or, in certain instances where the differences are not material, using the straight-line method. Costs incurred in connection with the Company’s Credit Facility are deferred and amortized using the straight-line method. Commitment fees for unused funds are expensed as incurred. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) (h) Security deposits The Company’s leases are typically structured so that if any event of default occurs under a lease, the Company may apply all or a portion of the lessee’s security deposit to cure such default. If such application of the security deposit is made, the lessee typically is required to replenish and maintain the full amount of the deposit during the remaining term of the lease. All of the security deposits received by the Company are refundable to the lessee at the end of the lease upon satisfaction of all lease terms. (i) Taxes As part of the process of preparing the Company’s financial statements, management estimates income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. This process involves estimating the Company’s current tax exposure under the most recent tax laws and assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and GAAP purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the balance sheet. Management also assesses the likelihood that the Company’s deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent management believes it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, the Company establishes a valuation allowance. To the extent the Company establishes a valuation allowance or changes the allowance in a period, the Company reflects the corresponding increase or decrease within the tax provision in the statement of operations. Significant management judgment is required in determining the Company’s future taxable income for purposes of assessing the Company’s ability to realize any benefit from its deferred taxes. The Company accrues non-income based sales, use, value added and franchise taxes as other tax expense in the statements of operations. (j) Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Revenue from leasing of aircraft assets is recognized as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the terms of the applicable lease agreements. Deferred payments are recorded as accrued rent when the cash rent received is lower than the straight-line revenue recognized. Such receivables decrease over the term of the applicable leases. Interest income is recognized on finance leases based on the interest rate implicit in the lease and the outstanding balance of the lease receivable. Maintenance reserves retained by the Company at lease-end are recognized as maintenance reserves revenue. In instances where collectability is not reasonably assured, the Company recognizes revenue as cash payments are received. The Company estimates and charges to income a provision for bad debts based on its experience with each specific customer, the amount and length of payment arrearages, and its analysis of the lessee’s overall financial condition. If the financial condition of any of the Company’s customers deteriorates, it could result in actual losses exceeding any estimated allowances. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2014 and 2013. (k) Comprehensive (Loss)/Income The Company does not have any comprehensive income other than the revenue and expense items included in the statements of operations. As a result, comprehensive (loss)/income equals net (loss)/income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) (l) Finance Leases The lease for one of the Company’s aircraft contained a lessee purchase option at a price substantially below the asset's estimated residual value at the exercise date for the option. Consequently, the Company considered the purchase option to be a “bargain purchase option” and classified the lease as a finance lease for financial accounting purposes. The Company does not include the value, purchase price or accumulated depreciation of finance lease assets on its balance sheet. Instead, the discounted present value of (i) future minimum lease payments (including the bargain purchase option) and (ii) any residual value not subject to a bargain purchase option are reported as a finance lease receivable. Rental revenue and depreciation expense are not recognized on finance leases. Rather, the Company accrues interest on the balance of the finance lease receivable based on the interest rate inherent in the applicable lease. The aircraft that was subject to a finance lease was sold to the lessee during 2014. Two engines that were previously subject to finance leases were returned to the Company during 2014 and the finance lease receivable balances were reclassified to aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease on the Company’s balance sheet. The Company recognized interest earned on finance leases as “other income” in the amount of $150,000 and $175,700 in 2014 and 2013, respectively. (m) Recent Accounting Pronouncements On May 28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (the "ASU") that created the new Topic 606 in the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC"). The ASU also included numerous conforming additions and amendments to other Topics within the ASC. Topic 606 establishes new rules that affect the amount and timing of revenue recognition for contracts with customers, but does not affect lease accounting and reporting. As such, adoption of these provisions will not affect the Company's lease revenues but may affect the reporting of other of the Company's revenues. The provisions included in the ASU are effective for years commencing after December 15, 2016, cannot be adopted early, and may be reflected using either a full retrospective method or a simplified method that does not recast prior periods but does disclose the effect of the adoption on the current period financial statements. The Company has not determined either the potential impact on its financial statements nor the method it will elect to use in connection with the adoption of the changes included in the ASU. On August 27, 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern," which added Subtopic 205-40 to the ASC (the "Subtopic"). This Subtopic requires management to determine whether substantial doubt exists concerning the reporting entity's ability to continue as a going concern, in which case certain disclosures will be required. The Subtopic affects financial statement presentation but not methods of accounting, and is effective on a prospective basis for annual periods ending after December 2016 and each reporting period thereafter, although early adoption is permitted. The Company has not early adopted the Subtopic. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 2. Change in Accounting Principle The Company previously adopted the direct expensing method under Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) ASC 908, formerly FASB Staff Position AUG AIR-1, Accounting for Planned Major Maintenance Activities (“FSP AUG AIR-1”) on January 1, 2007. Under FSP AUG AIR-1, non-refundable maintenance reserves were recorded as maintenance reserves revenue (assuming cash was received or collection was reasonably assured), and associated maintenance work was recorded as maintenance expense when the work was performed. During the first quarter of 2014, the Company evaluated its method of accounting for maintenance reserves and lessor maintenance obligations and elected to change its method of accounting to: (i) Recognize non-refundable maintenance reserves as liabilities for deposits against future maintenance reimbursements of maintenance reserves received in the normal course of ongoing leases; (ii) Recognize reimbursements from such collected reserves as disbursements against the liability when claims are submitted for payment against previously collected maintenance reserves; (iii) Reflect as liabilities non-refundable reserves received by the prior lessor upon acquisition of an aircraft, which are claimable by the lessee when maintenance is performed; (iv) Recognize as income non-refundable reserves not refunded to lessees upon termination of the lease and return of the aircraft to the Company in accordance with all lease return requirements; and (v) Record lessor maintenance obligations as liabilities upon acquisition of an aircraft subject to a lease under which the Company assumes the prior lessor’s obligation to pay a portion of a first-time maintenance event. In management’s judgment, the change to this accounting method is preferable in that it will provide the user of the Company’s financial statements a better understanding of the underlying business terms of the Company’s leasing transactions and provide additional clarity with respect to the Company’s sources of income, its non-refundable reserve obligations, and its lessor maintenance obligations. The Company has applied the change in method of accounting for maintenance reserves and lessor maintenance obligations to all prior periods presented within the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles relating to accounting changes. The change in accounting principle resulted in a cumulative net decrease of $8,088,200 in stockholders’ equity as of January 1, 2013. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 2. Change in Accounting Principle (continued) The effects on the Company’s balance sheet at December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,112,700 $ 2,112,700 $ - Accounts receivable, net 3,313,700 3,303,800 (9,900 ) Finance leases receivable 1,895,200 1,895,200 - Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 152,375,200 152,954,600 579,400 Assets held for sale 735,000 735,000 - Prepaid expenses and other 3,633,000 3,633,000 - Total assets $ 164,064,800 $ 164,634,300 $ 569,500 Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 1,175,300 $ 1,202,700 $ 27,400 Notes payable and accrued interest 77,527,300 77,527,300 - Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs 13,254,100 18,283,900 5,029,800 Security deposits 6,265,000 6,265,000 - Unearned revenues 646,700 646,700 - Deferred income taxes 16,099,700 14,573,800 (1,525,900 ) Total liabilities 114,968,100 118,499,400 3,531,300 Preferred stock - - - Common stock 1,600 1,600 - Paid-in capital 14,780,100 14,780,100 - Retained earnings 34,819,100 31,857,300 (2,961,800 ) Treasury stock (504,100 ) (504,100 ) - Total stockholders’ equity 49,096,700 46,134,900 (2,961,800 ) Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 164,064,800 $ 164,634,300 $ 569,500 AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 2. Change in Accounting Principle (continued) The effects on the Company’s statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Operating lease revenue, net $ 18,794,200 $ 18,794,200 $ - Maintenance reserves income, net 8,878,300 14,910,400 6,032,100 Gain on disposal of assets and other income 4,527,000 4,527,000 - 32,199,500 38,231,600 6,032,100 Maintenance 8,765,000 6,962,400 (1,802,600 ) Depreciation 7,312,500 7,363,100 50,600 Management fees 4,352,400 4,369,300 16,900 Interest 4,075,000 4,075,000 - Professional fees, general and administrative and other 1,532,100 1,532,100 - Insurance 1,166,400 1,166,400 - Other taxes 90,200 90,200 - 27,293,600 25,558,500 (1,735,100 ) Income before taxes 4,905,900 12,673,100 7,767,200 Tax provision 1,688,400 4,329,200 2,640,800 Net income $ 3,217,500 $ 8,343,900 $ 5,126,400 Earnings per share: Basic $ 2.08 $ 5.41 $ 3.33 Diluted $ 2.03 $ 5.26 $ 3.23 AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 2. Change in Accounting Principle (continued) The effects on the Company’s statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Operating activities: Net income $ 3,217,500 $ 8,343,900 $ 5,126,400 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets (3,808,200 ) (3,808,200 ) - Depreciation 7,312,500 7,363,100 50,600 Non-cash interest 1,113,600 1,113,600 - Deferred income taxes 1,680,500 4,321,300 2,640,800 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (106,000 ) (96,100 ) 9,900 Finance lease receivable 246,000 246,000 - Income taxes receivable 2,000 2,000 - Prepaid expenses and other (772,400 ) (772,400 ) - Accounts payable and accrued expenses (40,300 ) (23,400 ) 16,900 Accrued interest on notes payable (38,400 ) (38,400 ) - Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (1,284,200 ) (9,128,800 ) (7,844,600 ) Security deposits (525,200 ) (525,200 ) - Unearned revenue (105,700 ) (105,700 ) - Income taxes payable (19,100 ) (19,100 ) - Net cash provided by operating activities 6,872,600 6,872,600 - Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 10,018,700 10,018,700 - Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 945,100 945,100 - Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines (24,965,500 ) (24,965,500 ) - Net cash used in investing activities (14,001,700 ) (14,001,700 ) - Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 19,000,000 19,000,000 - Repayments of Credit Facility (9,300,000 ) (9,300,000 ) - Debt issuance costs (2,055,000 ) (2,055,000 ) - Net cash provided by financing activities 7,645,000 7,645,000 - Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 515,900 515,900 - Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 1,596,800 1,596,800 - Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 2,112,700 $ 2,112,700 $ - AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 3. Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (a) Assets Held for Lease At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company’s aircraft and aircraft engines, which were on lease or held for lease, consisted of the following: December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 Number % of net Number % of net Model owned book value owned book value Bombardier Dash-8-300 8 17 % 9 23 % Bombardier CRJ-700 3 16 % - - Bombardier CRJ-900 2 16 % - - Bombardier Dash-8-Q400 3 13 % 3 17 % ATR 42-600 1 9 % - - Bombardier CRJ-705 1 9 % 1 12 % Saab 340B Plus 6 7 % 6 8 % Fokker 50 6 5 % 10 10 % General Electric CF34-8E5 engine 2 4 % 3 6 % Fokker 100 2 3 % 7 19 % Saab 340B 1 1 % 4 4 % Tay 650-15 engine 1 - 1 1 % General Electric CT7-9B engine 2 - 2 - Saab 340A - - 1 - Assets subject to finance leases are not included in the net book value of assets held for lease. Therefore, the Company’s single Saab 340A aircraft and two General Electric CT7-9B engines, which were subject to finance leases in 2013, are not included in the net book value calculation as of December 31, 2013. During 2014, based on appraised values, the Company recorded impairment charges on assets held for lease totaling $2,906,400 and $217,800 on two Fokker 100 and two Fokker 50 aircraft, respectively. During 2014 and 2013, the Company used cash of $74,529,000 and $24,965,500, respectively, for the purchase and capital improvement of aircraft and engines. During 2014, the Company recorded net gains totaling $3,147,200 from the sale of three Fokker 50 aircraft, five Saab 340B aircraft, one Bombardier Dash-8-300 aircraft and one General Electric CF34-8E5 engine. During 2013, the Company recorded net gains totaling $4,504,200 from the sale of three Fokker 50 aircraft, a deHavilland DHC-8-100 aircraft, a deHavilland DHC-6 aircraft and a General Electric CT7-9B engine. The Company also leased an engine pursuant to a finance lease in 2013 and recorded a gain of $73,300. In addition, the Company recorded a loss of $769,300 in 2013 on the disposal of a Tay 650-15 engine, which was replaced by one of the Company's spare engines. During 2014, the Company extended the leases for nine of its assets and leased two assets that had been off lease at December 31, 2013. In May 2014, six Saab 340B Plus aircraft and two General Electric CT7-9B engines were returned by a customer when it ceased operations. Two of the aircraft have been re-leased. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 3. Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (continued) (a) Assets Held for Lease (continued) Ten of the Company’s assets that are held for lease were off lease at December 31, 2014, representing 10% of the net book value of the Company’s aircraft and engines held for lease. Such assets were comprised of four Saab 340B Plus aircraft, one Saab 340B aircraft, and five engines. (b) Assets Held for Sale Assets held for sale include two Saab 340B airframes, which are being sold in parts, as well as five Fokker 100 aircraft and a Fokker 50 aircraft. During 2014 and 2013, the Company received $312,100 and $945,100, respectively, from the sale of parts belonging to the two airframes, which proceeds reduced their carrying value. During 2014, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $15,278,900 and $333,400 related to five Fokker 100 aircraft and one Fokker 50 aircraft, respectively. At December 31, 2014, five of the Fokker 100 aircraft and one of the Fokker 50 aircraft were classified as held for sale on the Company's balance sheet. As discussed in Note 13, the Company sold the Fokker 50 aircraft in March 2015. 4. Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs Maintenance costs under the Company’s triple net leases are generally the responsibility of the lessees. Most of the Company’s leases require payment of maintenance reserves, which are based upon lessee-reported usage and billed monthly, and are intended to accumulate and be applied by the Company toward reimbursement of most or all of the cost of the lessees’ performance of certain maintenance obligations under the leases. Maintenance reserves are characterized as either refundable or non-refundable depending on their disposition at lease-end. The Company retains non-refundable maintenance reserves at lease-end, even if the lessee has met all of its obligations under the lease, including any return conditions applicable to the leased asset, while refundable reserves are returned to the lessee under such circumstances. The liabilities for maintenance reserves in the accompanying balance sheets include both refundable and non-refundable maintenance reserves payments billed to and received from lessees. These amounts are paid out as related maintenance is performed and, in the case of refundable reserves, at the end of the lease. Such payments reduce the associated maintenance reserve liability. Any reserves retained by the Company at lease end are recorded as revenue at that time. Accrued maintenance costs include (i) maintenance for work performed for off-lease aircraft, which is not related to the release of reserves received from lessees and (ii) lessor maintenance obligations assumed upon acquisition of aircraft subject to a lease with such provisions. Maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 5. Operating Segments The Company operates in one business segment, the leasing of regional aircraft to foreign and domestic regional airlines, and therefore does not present separate segment information for lines of business. Approximately 18% and 0% of the Company’s operating lease revenue was derived from lessees domiciled in the United States during 2014 and 2013, respectively. All revenues relating to aircraft leased and operated internationally are denominated and payable in U.S. dollars. The tables below set forth geographic information about the Company’s operating lease revenue for leased aircraft and aircraft equipment, grouped by domicile of the lessee: For the Years Ended December 31, Operating Lease Revenue 2014 2013 North America $ 6,423,700 $ 1,542,000 Africa 5,183,600 5,454,700 Central and South America 3,533,300 4,233,000 Asia 3,460,400 4,149,000 Europe and United Kingdom 2,952,300 3,415,500 Australia 360,000 - $ 21,913,300 $ 18,794,200 December 31, Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 2014 2013 North America $ 65,423,400 $ 17,779,000 Europe and United Kingdom 43,468,700 20,384,700 Africa 28,858,200 29,951,800 Off lease 17,106,000 34,446,300 Asia 16,588,900 31,068,800 Central and South America 10,146,100 19,324,000 Australia 5,171,300 - $ 186,762,600 $ 152,954,600 6. Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits and receivables. The Company places its deposits with financial institutions and other creditworthy issuers and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one party. For the year ended December 31, 2014 the Company had four significant customers, which accounted for 20%, 18%, 14% and 11%, respectively, of lease revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2013 the Company had four significant customers, which accounted for 23%, 19%, 11% and 10%, respectively, of lease revenue. At December 31, 2014, the Company had receivables from two customers totaling $1,130,000, representing 56% of the Company’s total receivables. The two customers paid the amounts owed in full in early 2015. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2013 6. Concentration of Credit Risk (continued) At December 31, 2013, the Company had receivables from two customers totaling $1,231,500, representing 40% of the Company’s total receivables, all of which was paid in 2014. As of December 31, 2014, minimum future lease revenue payments receivable under noncancelable leases were as follows: Years ending 2015 $ 22,938,700 2016 21,300,400 2017 17,937,600 2018 13,719,200 2019 12,860,000 Thereafter 37,596,300 $ 126,352,200 7. Notes Payable and Accrued Interest At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company’s notes payable and accrued interest consisted of the following: December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 Credit Facility principal $ 133,400,000 $ 77,500,000 Credit Facility accrued interest 190,600 27,300 $ 133,590,600 $ 77,527,300 The Company's Credit Facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and is secured by all of the assets of the Company, including its aircraft and engine portfolio. In November 2013, the Company obtained a waiver of compliance with a customer concentration covenant under its Credit Facility at the September 30, 2013 and December 31, 2013 calculation dates. The Company was in compliance with all covenants other than the waived covenant under the Credit Facility agreement at December 31, 2013. During May 2014, the Company’s Credit Facility was increased from $130 million to $180 million and extended through May 31, 2019. The Company was out of compliance with a profitability covenant at June 30, 2014, primarily as a result of the Company recording aircraft impairment charges on aircraft totaling $6,800,000 during the quarter then ended. In August 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to an amendment to the profitability covenant, which cured the June 30, 2014 non-compliance. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 7. Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (continued) The Company was out of compliance with the profitability, interest coverage and debt service coverage covenants at September 30, 2014, resulting primarily from the Company recording additional aircraft impairment charges on aircraft totaling $11,718,700 during the third quarter of 2014. In November 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to an amendment to the Credit Facility, which cured the September 30, 2014 non-compliance, revised the compliance requirements through September 30, 2015, decreased the amount of the Credit Facility to $150 million due to the departure of two participant lenders, and decreased the maximum amount to which the Credit Facility can be expanded from $200 million to $180 million. The unused amount of the Credit Facility was $16,600,000 and $52,500,000 as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Facility was 3.58% and 3.94% at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. 8. Stockholder Rights Plan In December 2009, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights plan granting a dividend of one stock purchase right for each share of the Company’s common stock outstanding as of December 18, 2009 and the Company entered into a rights agreement dated December 1, 2009 in connection therewith. The rights become exercisable only upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the rights agreement, including the acquisition of 15% of the Company’s outstanding common stock by a person or group in certain circumstances. Each right allows the holder, other than an “acquiring person,” to purchase one one-hundredth of a share (a unit) of Series A Preferred Stock at an initial purchase price of $97.00 under circumstances described in the rights agreement. The purchase price, the number of units of preferred stock and the type of securities issuable upon exercise of the rights are subject to adjustment. The rights expire at the close of business December 1, 2019 unless earlier redeemed or exchanged. Until a right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, has no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote or to receive dividends. 9. Income Taxes The items comprising the income tax provision are as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Current tax provision: Federal $ - $ - State 800 800 Foreign - 7,100 Current tax provision 800 7,900 Deferred tax (benefit)/provision: Federal (5,854,400 ) 4,478,800 State (98,200 ) 1,100 Decrease in valuation allowance - (158,600 ) Deferred tax (benefit)/provision (5,952,600 ) 4,321,300 Total income tax (benefit)/provision $ (5,951,800 ) $ 4,329,200 AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 9. Income Taxes (continued) Total income tax expense differs from the amount that would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pretax earnings as illustrated below: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Income tax (benefit)/provision at statutory federal income tax rate $ (5,863,600 ) $ 4,308,900 State tax (benefit)/provision, net of federal benefit (97,500 ) 19,400 Prior year withholding tax adjustment - 174,600 Decrease in valuation allowance - (158,600 ) Other 9,300 (15,100 ) Total income tax (benefit)/provision $ (5,951,800 ) $ 4,329,200 Temporary differences and carry-forwards that give rise to a significant portion of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Deferred tax assets: Maintenance reserves $ 2,138,900 $ 1,813,900 Foreign tax credit carryover - 1,210,900 Alternative minimum tax credit 10,800 100,800 Bad debt allowance and other 961,100 490,100 Deferred tax assets 3,110,800 3,615,700 Deferred tax liabilities: Accumulated depreciation on aircraft and aircraft engines (10,450,000 ) (17,540,000 ) Minimum lease payments receivable - (649,500 ) Deferred income (1,282,100 ) - Net deferred tax liabilities $ (8,621,300 ) $ (14,573,800 ) All foreign tax credit carryovers were used to offset federal tax expense in 2014. The foreign tax credit carryovers are expected to expire between 2016 and 2022. A significant portion of the alternative minimum tax credit was used to offset federal tax expense in the current year. The remaining alternative minimum tax credit will be available to offset federal tax expense in excess of the alternative minimum tax in future years and does not expire. At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company had no material uncertain tax positions. The Company accounts for interest related to uncertain tax positions as interest expense, and for income tax penalties as tax expense. All of the Company's tax years remain open to examination other than as barred in the various jurisdictions by statutes of limitation. AeroCentury Corp. Notes to Financial Statements December 31, 2014 10. Computation of Earnings Per Share Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Net (loss)/income $ (11,294,000 ) $ 8,343,900 Weighted average shares outstanding for the period 1,543,257 1,543,257 Dilutive effect of warrants - 43,779 Weighted average diluted shares used in calculation of diluted (loss)/earnings per share 1,543,257 1,587,036 Basic (loss)/earnings per share $ (7.32 ) $ 5.41 Diluted (loss)/earnings per share $ (7.32 ) $ 5.26 Basic earnings per common share is computed using net income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share are computed using net income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, assuming dilution. Weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution, include potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares include the assumed exercise of warrants using the treasury stock method. For the year ended December 31, 2014, warrants for 81,224 shares were not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 11. Related Party Transactions The Company’s portfolio of leased aircraft assets is managed and administered under the terms of a management agreement with JetFleet Management Corp. (“JMC”), which is an integrated aircraft management, marketing and financing business and a subsidiary of JetFleet Holding Corp. ("JHC"). Certain officers of the Company are also officers of JHC and JMC and hold significant ownership positions in both JHC and the Company. Under the management agreement, JMC receives a monthly management fee based on the net asset value of the assets under management. Such fee, totaling approximately $1,200,000, was waived by JMC for the fourth quarter of 2014. JMC also receives an acquisition fee for locating assets for the Company. Acquisition fees are included in the cost basis of the asset purchased. JMC may receive a remarketing fee in connection with the re-lease or sale of the Company’s assets. Remarketing fees are amortized over the applicable lease term or included in the gain or loss on sale. Fees incurred during 2014 and 2013 were as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Management fees, net of approximately $1,200,000 of fees waived by JMC in 2014 $ 3,864,900 $ 4,369,300 Acquisition fees 2,100,000 799,000 Remarketing fees 64,000 589,300 12. Warrants As part of a previous subordinated debt financing, which was fully repaid in December 2011, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 81,224 shares of the Company’s common stock that are currently exercisable (and expire on December 31, 2015) and represent approximately 5% of the post-exercise fully diluted capitalization of the Company. The exercise price of the warrants is $8.75 per share. 13. Subsequent Events In March 2015, the Company sold a Fokker 50 aircraft that had been classified as held for sale at December 31, 2014 and recorded a gain of approximately $475,000. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. CEO and CFO Certifications. Attached as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the “Report”) are certifications of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (the “CEO”) and the Company’s Chief Financial Officer (the “CFO”), which are required pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Section 302 Certifications”). This section of the Report includes information concerning the evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures referred to in the Section 302 Certifications and this should be read in conjunction with the Section 302 Certifications for a more complete understanding of the topics presented. Evaluation of the Company’s Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Disclosure controls and procedures (“Disclosure Controls”) are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company’s reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”), such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company’s management, with the participation of the CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s Disclosure Controls and concluded that the Company’s Disclosure Controls were effective as of December 31, 2014. Management’s Annual Report on the Company’s Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Internal control over financial reporting (“Internal Control”) is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The Company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate Internal Control. Management evaluated the Company’s Internal Control based on the framework set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (1992) and concluded that the Company’s Internal Control was effective as of December 31, 2014. This report does not include an attestation report on Internal Control by the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm since the Company is a smaller reporting company under the rules of the SEC. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . No change in Internal Control occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2014 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s Internal Control. Item 9B. Other Information. None. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The information required by this item is included under (i) “Proposal 1: Election of Directors” as it relates to members of the Company’s Board of Directors, including the Company’s Audit Committee and the Company’s Audit Committee financial experts, any changes to procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the Company’s Board of Directors, (ii) “Information Regarding the Company’s Directors and Officers” as it relates to the Company’s executive officers, and (iii) “Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance” as it relates to information concerning Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance, in the Company’s definitive proxy statement (“Proxy Statement”), to be filed in connection with the Company’s 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, or code of conduct. The code of conduct qualifies as a “code of ethics” within the meaning of Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder. A copy of the code of conduct is available on the Company’s website at http://www.aerocentury.com or upon written request to the Investor Relations Department, 1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310, Burlingame, California 94010. To the extent required by law, any amendments to, or waivers from, any provision of the code will be promptly disclosed publicly. To the extent permitted by such requirements, the Company intends to make such public disclosure on its website in accordance with SEC rules. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Incorporated by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled “Information Regarding the Company’s Directors and Officers — Employee Compensation.” Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. Incorporated by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management.” Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Incorporated by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled “Related Party Transactions.” Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. Incorporated by reference to the section of the Proxy Statement entitled “Information Regarding Auditors – Audit Fees.” PART IV Item 15. Exhibits. (b) Exhibits Exhibit Number Description 10.19 Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, between the Company and MUFG Union Bank, N.A., as agent and lender (“Union”), and the other lenders under its credit facility, California Bank and Trust, First Bank, Umpqua Bank, U.S. Bank National Association, and Cathay Bank (collectively, the “Participants”), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on August 13, 2014 10.20 Modification and Limited Waiver to Second Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement between Union, the Participants and the Company, dated as of August 26, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Report on Form 8-K of the Company, filed with the SEC on September 2, 2014 10.21 Second Modification Agreement between Union, Participants and the Company, dated as of November 13, 2014, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Report on Form 10-Q of the Company, filed with the SEC on November 14, 2014 10.22 Form of Aircraft Sale Agreement (SN 15128) between the Company and Adria Airways d.d., dated December 5, 2014 10.23 Form of Aircraft Sale Agreement (SN15129) between the Company and Adria Airways d.d., dated December 5, 2014 31.1 Certification of Neal D. Crispin, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Toni M. Perazzo, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1* Certification of Neal D. Crispin, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2* Certification of Toni M. Perazzo, Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase Document * These certificates are furnished to, but shall not be deemed to be filed with, the Securities and Exchange Commission. SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. AEROCENTURY CORP. By ------------------------------- Toni M. Perazzo Senior Vice President-Finance and Chief Financial Officer Date March 12, 2015 POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Neal D. Crispin and Toni M. Perazzo, and each of them, his or her attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Report on Form 10-K and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated. Signature Title Dated Director, President and Chairman of the Board of March 12, 2015 ---------------------- Directors of the Registrant (Principal Executive Officer) Neal D. Crispin Director, Senior Vice President-Finance and Secretary of the March 12, 2015 ---------------------- Registrant (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Toni M. Perazzo Director March 12, 2015 ---------------------- Roy E. Hahn Director March 12, 2015 ---------------------- Thomas W. Orr Director March 12, 2015 ---------------------- Evan M. Wallach Director March 12, 2015 ---------------------- David P. Wilson EX-10.22 2 exh1022.htm FORM OF AIRCRAFT SALE AGREEMENT (SN15128) exh1022.htm AIRCRAFT SALE AGREEMENT (15128) Dated as of December 5, 2014 between Adria Airways d.d. as Seller and AeroCentury Corp. as Purchaser in respect of One Bombardier CRJ900LR Serial Number 15128 Bearing Slovenian Registration S5-AAK THIS AIRCRAFT SALE AGREEMENT (15128) is made as of December 5, 2014 between (1) Adria Airways d.d. , a corporation incorporated under the laws of Slovenia and having its principal place of business at Zg. Brnik 130h, SI-4210 Brnik - Aerodrom, Slovenia, VAT No SI51049406, Company No. 5156505 (“ ADRIA ”); and (2) AeroCentury Corp. , a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States and having its principal place of business at 1440 Chapin Ave, Suite 310, Burlingame, California 94010, USA (" ACY "). R E C I T A L S ADRIA has agreed to sell, and ACY has agreed to purchase, the Aircraft on the terms and conditions set out below, and will simultaneously enter into a lease for the Aircraft to commence upon delivery of the Aircraft hereunder; ADRIA shall at all times remain in sole physical possession of the Aircraft in accordance with the Lease, notwithstanding transfer of title from ADRIA to ACY hereunder. NOW IT IS AGREED as follows: 1. Definitions and Interpretation 1.1 In this Agreement capitalized terms shall have the following meanings unless the context requires otherwise: “ Acceptance Certificate ” means the Aircraft Acceptance Certificate executed by ADRIA at commencement of the Lease indicating acceptance of delivery by ADRIA, as lessee under the Lease, of the Aircraft. " Aircraft " means the Bombardier CRJ900LR Aircraft SN 15128, and includes the Engines, Parts and any other items of equipment installed in, or furnished with, the Aircraft at Delivery (as defined below), as described in Schedule 1 and, where the context permits, references to the Aircraft shall include the Aircraft Documents; " Aircraft Documents " has the meaning given to it in the Lease and all records, manuals and documentation relating to the Aircraft, whether in the possession of Lessee or Lessor; " Bill of Sale " means a bill of sale from the ADRIA to ACY substantially in the form of Exhibit A; " Business Day " means a day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, on which banks are open for business in New York, New York, San Francisco, California and Ljubljana, Slovenia; “ Cape Town Convention ” means, collectively, the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment and the Protocol to the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on matters specific to Aircraft Equipment dated 16 November 2001; " Default " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Delivery " means the time at which ACY shall obtain title to the Aircraft from ADRIA by operation of law in accordance with this Agreement, which shall be simultaneous with the delivery of the Aircraft by ACY, as lessor, to ADRIA, as lessee, under the Lease; " Delivery Date " means the date on which Delivery shall occur; " Delivery Location " means a location as agreed between ADRIA and ACY in accordance with Clause 9; " Deposit " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Dollars " and " US$ " means the lawful currency for the time being of the United States of America; " Engines " means the engines described in Schedule 1; " Expected Delivery Date " means on or about December 10, 2014. “Financing Party” means any lender that is granted a security interest in the Aircraft to secure the obligations of the “Lessor” under the Lease to Financing Party; " Governmental Entity " includes (i) any national government, political sub-division thereof or local jurisdiction therein; (ii) any board, commission, department, division, organ, instrumentality, court or agency thereof, however constituted; and (iii) any association, organisation or institution of which any thereof is a member or to whose jurisdiction any thereof is subject or in whose activities any thereof is a participant; " International Interest " has the meaning set forth in the Cape Town Convention; “ International Registry ” means the international registry established pursuant to the Cape Town Convention; " Law " includes (i) any statute, decree, constitution, regulation, order or other directive of any Governmental Entity; (ii) any treaty, pact, compact or other agreement to which any Governmental Entity is a signatory or party; (iii) any judicial or administrative decision, interpretation or application of any thereof; and (iv) any amendment or revision of any of the foregoing; " Lease " means the Aircraft Lease Agreement (SN 15128) dated the same date hereof for the Aircraft, between ACY, as Lessor, and ADRIA, as Lessee, as amended to date; " Lessee " means ADRIA, in its capacity as lessee under the Lease; " Lessor " means ACY, in its capacity as lessor under the Lease; " Lessor Lien " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; “Liens " means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation, lease, sublease, security interest, judgment, writ, order, national or international interest, or right of possession of any kind whatsoever, however and wherever created or arising and whether or not consensual (including any arrangement or agreement to give or effect any of the foregoing and any conditional sale or other title retention agreement); " Maintenance Reserves " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Material Damage " means damage to the Aircraft, the cost of repair of which shall, in the reasonable opinion of the Vendor (as defined in Clause 4.3 below) exceed US$50,000; " Other Aircraft " means the Bombardier CRJ900LR Aircraft SN 15129; " Parts " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Permitted Lien " has the meaning given to it under the Lease; " Purchase Price " means US$14,150,000. " Purchaser Indemnitees " means ACY and JetFleet Management Corp. and each of ACY’s Financing Parties, and including any of their respective affiliates, successors and permitted assigns, directors, officers, servants, and employees; " Rent " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Taxes " means any and all present and future sales, use, personal property, customs, ad valorem, value added, consumption, turnover, stamp, interest equalisation, or other similar taxes, fees, withholdings, imposts, duties, deductions, levies or other charges of any nature together with any penalties, fines or interest thereon, imposed, levied or assessed by, or otherwise payable to, any Government Entity; provided that “Taxes” shall not include taxes based on the net income of any person or entity or franchise or similar taxes payable by such person or entity. " Event of Loss " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Transaction Documents " means this Agreement, the Lease, the Bill of Sale and all notices, consents, confirmations and certificates and other documents related thereto and, in relation to a particular person, means such documents as that party has executed or is to execute; and “ Vendor ” has the meaning given to it in Clause 4.3. 1.2 (a) Clause headings are for ease of reference only. (b) References in this Agreement to Clauses, paragraphs or Schedules or Exhbits, unless otherwise specified, are to be construed as references to clauses, paragraphs of and Schedules or Exhibits to this Agreement. (c) References in this Agreement to any statute or other legislative provision shall include any statutory or legislative modification or re-enactment thereof, or any substitution therefore and all regulations relating thereto, issued or promulgated by a Government Entity. (d) References in this Agreement to " relevant statutory provision " shall include references to any provision of the Laws of any jurisdiction that may from time to time be applicable. (e) References in this Agreement to any agreement, document or instrument, except in clause 7.2 hereof, shall include such agreement, document or instrument as the same may from time to time be varied, amended, supplemented, novated or substituted. (f) References in this Agreement to the word " person " or " persons " include, without limitation, individuals, firms, corporations, government agencies, authorities and other bodies, incorporated or unincorporated and whether having distinct legal personality or not. (g) References in this Agreement to any party hereto or any person include references to any successor or permitted assign of such party or person. (h) References in this Agreement to the Aircraft include Parts of the Aircraft, and, where the context so admits, any of the Aircraft Documents; and references to Parts of the Aircraft include Parts of any Engine. (i) Unless the context otherwise requires, words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa. (j) Reference in this Agreement to the word " written " or " in writing " shall include any means of visible reproduction. 2. Sale and Purchase 2.1 ADRIA agrees to sell to ACY, and ACY agrees to purchase from ADRIA, the Aircraft for the Purchase Price at the Delivery Location on the terms and conditions contained herein. 3. Payments 3.1 The Purchase Price for the Aircraft shall be paid by ACY to ADRIA to the following bank account of ADRIA: Pay to : Bank: Address: ABA#: SWIFT code: Account name: ADRIA AIRWAYS d.d. Account #: or such other bank account as ADRIA may advise in writing. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars and in immediately available funds so that the recipient receives credit for the full amount of such payment on the due date. 4. Delivery and Acceptance 4.1 For the avoidance of doubt, if Delivery does not occur within ten (10) days after the Expected Delivery Date (and the parties have not agreed to amend such date to a later date) each party shall have the right and option to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other, and thereafter, this Agreement shall terminate and neither party shall have any further rights or obligations hereunder other than survival of the parties' respective obligations under Clause 13 hereof. 4.2 If the Aircraft, prior to the sale and Delivery thereof to ACY, suffers an Event of Loss, ADRIA shall notify ACY thereof as soon as practicable. After receipt of such notice to ACY, this Agreement shall terminate and thereafter, neither party shall have any further rights or obligations (other than the parties’ respective obligations under Clause13) hereunder. 4.3 If, prior to Delivery, the Aircraft suffers any damage for which the costs of the repair exceeds $50,000, ADRIA will notify ACY thereof as soon as practicable and ACY may request the immediate evaluation of such damage, at ACY’s sole cost and expense, by a vendor selected by ACY that is acceptable to ADRIA (the “Vendor”) in order to determine whether or not Material Damage to the Aircraft has occurred. If it is determined by the Vendor that Material Damage has occurred, ACY shall have the right to either proceed with sale and delivery hereunder, or, notify ADRIA of ACY’s termination of this Agreement, and upon receipt of ACY’s termination notice, this Agreement shall terminate and thereafter, neither party shall have any further rights or obligations (other than the parties’ respective obligations under Clause 13) hereunder. If the damage is determined not to be Material Damage, notwithstanding such damage, ACY will accept and purchase the Aircraft in accordance with the terms hereunder, provided that ADRIA agrees to accept delivery of the Aircraft under the Lease in such state and undertakes to immediately repair such damage after Delivery at ADRIA’s cost and expense. 4.4 ADRIA shall not be liable for or be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement in respect of any delay or failure in tendering the Aircraft on the Expected Delivery Date if such delay or failure results from any occurrence that is beyond the reasonable control of ADRIA. 4.5 On the Delivery Date, subject to satisfaction or explicit waiver of the conditions precedent set out in Clauses 5 and 6, ACY shall pay to ADRIA the Purchase Price and upon receipt by ADRIA of the Purchase Price, ADRIA and ACY shall execute and deliver to the other party, the Bill of Sale and the Lessee shall accept delivery of the Aircraft under the Lease. 4.6 As between ADRIA and ACY, the risk of loss of, or damage to, the Aircraft shall pass from ADRIA to ACY upon delivery of the Bill of Sale by ADRIA to ACY, and then immediately pass back to ADRIA at the simultaneous commencement of the Lease. 4.7 Subsequent to execution of this Agreement, ACY shall be entitled to an inspection of the Aircraft and all records of maintenance, overhaul and repair and all manuals and maintenance program with respect to the Aircraft which shall be made available to ACY for inspection, on a date to be agreed between ADRIA and ACY, but in no event later than 15 Busines Days after such execution, and conducted and completed by ACY, at ACY’s sole risk and expense, (the " Delivery Inspection "). Upon ACY’s written request, ADRIA shall provide copies of any of such records, at ADRIA’s expense. 4.8 The Aircraft to be sold hereunder shall be delivered to ACY "AS IS WHERE IS WITH ALL FAULTS" at the Delivery Location and SUBJECT TO EACH AND EVERY DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND REPRESENTATION AS SET FORTH IN CLAUSE 10; provided, however, that the Aircraft shall be in airworthy condition, in compliance with mandatory requirements of the Slovenian Aviation Authority (“CAA”) and the respective manufacturers of the parts and components thereof, including, without limitation, the airframe included in the Aircraft and Engines, and, with respect to the installed Engines, shall be eligible for continuation on the MTU Engine Maintenance Contract. Subject to the foregoing provisions of Clause 4 and the due fulfilment or explicit waiver of all the conditions precedent referred to in Clauses 5 and 6, ACY shall unconditionally accept the Aircraft for all purposes hereunder at Delivery in the condition in which it exists at Delivery and shall execute and deliver to ADRIA the countersigned Bill of Sale. Acceptance of the Aircraft by ACY at Delivery and execution by ACY of the Bill of Sale shall constitute an acknowledgement by ACY that the Aircraft is in the condition required by the provisions of this Agreement. 4.9 (a) Seller’s Deliveries at Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at the time of Closing, ADRIA shall deliver the following documents to ACY: (i) the Bill of Sale for the Aircraft, duly executed by ADRIA; (ii) the Cross Receipt and Acceptance Certificate with respect to the Aircraft in the form of Exhibit B, duly executed by ADRIA; (iii) the Lease, together with all documents required to be executed and delivered to ACY thereunder and hereunder, all, as applicable, duly executed by ADRIA; (iv) such other instruments, certificates, opinions, and documents that, in the reasonable opinion of ACY, the Financing Party, or their respective counsel, need to be executed and delivered by ADRIA on or before the Closing Date in order to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and meet the conditions set forth in Section 6, as applicable; (v) if requested by ACY, summary maintenance status reports for the Aircraft; and (vi) the aircraft sale agreement and lease agreement, each in form mutually acceptable to ACY and ADRIA, covering ADRIA’s sale of the Other Aircraft to ACY, and the lease back to ADRIA, duly executed by ADRIA. (b) Purchaser’s Deliveries at Closing . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at the time of Closing, ACY shall deliver the following to ADRIA: (i) the Purchase Price for the Aircraft in the amount specified in Section 3 hereof in the manner specified thereby; (ii) Cross Receipt and Acceptance Certificate in respect to the Aircraft in the form of Exhibit B, duly executed by ACY; (iii) the Lease, together with all documents required to be executed and delivered to ADRIA thereunder, all duly executed by ACY; (iv) such other instruments, certificates, opinions, and documents, which, in the reasonable opinion of ADRIA, to be executed and delivered in order to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and meet the conditions set forth in Section 6, as applicable; and (v) the aircraft sale agreement and lease agreement, each in form mutually acceptable to ACY and ADRIA, covering ADRIA’s sale of the Other Aircraft to ACY, and the lease back to ADRIA, duly executed by ACY. 5. Conditions Precedent - ADRIA 5.1 ADRIA’s obligation to sell the Aircraft hereunder is subject to the following express conditions precedent on the Delivery Date: (a) receipt by ADRIA of the Purchase Price, as provided for in Clause 3.1; (b) receipt by ADRIA of a copy certified by an officer of ACY to be a true, complete and up-to-date copy of the constitutive documents of ACY; (c) receipt by ADRIA of a copy certified by an officer of ACY, to be a true, complete and up-to-date copy of resolutions of the board of directors (or other appropriate governing body) of ACY, which are in full force and effect and not amended or rescinded: (i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; and (ii) authorising a specified person or persons to sign and deliver on behalf of ACY, the Transaction Documents and any notices or other documents to be given or entered into pursuant thereto; and (iii) a specimen signature of each such person; (d) the representations and warranties of ACY in Clause 8 of this Agreement being true and correct on the Delivery Date as though such representations and warranties have been made as of the Delivery Date; (e) ACY having complied with its material obligations under the Transaction Documents required to have been performed at or before Delivery; (f) no change having occurred after the date of this Agreement in any applicable law which would make it illegal for ADRIA to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (and any other documents or agreements to be entered into pursuant hereto), provided that if any such change has occurred, the parties shall use all reasonable cooperative endeavours to restructure the transaction contemplated by such documents so as to avoid the aforementioned illegality; (g) execution of the Lease by ACY; (h) no Event of Loss or Material Damage shall have occurred, subject to the provisions of Clause 4.3; (i) transaction set forth hereunder reasonably satisfactory by ADRIA; and (j) no action, suits or proceedings or any governmental action shall have been instituted or be threatened before any court or before or by any Governmental Entity, nor shall any order, judgment or decree have been issued or proposed to be issued by any court or Governmental Entity, as of the Delivery Date, questioning the validity or legality of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 5.2 The conditions precedent in Clause 5.1 are for ADRIA’s benefit and may be waived in writing, in whole or in part by ADRIA. 6. Conditions Precedent - ACY 6.1 ACY’s obligation to purchase the Aircraft hereunder is subject to the following express conditions precedent on the Delivery Date: (a) receipt by ACY of a copy certified by an officer of ADRIA to be a true, complete and up-to-date copy of the constitutive documents of ADRIA; (b) a copy certified by an officer of ADRIA, to be a true, complete and up-to-date copy of resolutions of the board of directors (or other appropriate governing body) of ADRIA, which are in full force and effect and not amended or rescinded: (i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; and (ii) authorising a specified person or persons to sign and deliver on behalf of ADRIA, the Transaction Documents and any notices or other documents to be given or entered into pursuant thereto, and (iii) a specimen signature of each such person; (c) the representations and warranties of ADRIA in Clause 7 of this Agreement shall be true and complete on the Delivery Date (and if given prior to the Delivery Date, being true and complete as though such representations and warranties have been made as of the Delivery Date); (d) ADRIA shall have complied with its material obligations under the Transaction Documents required to have been performed at or before Delivery; (e) ADRIA shall have delivered the originally signed Lease, and all of the other Transaction Documents, in originally-signed form, to ACY; (f) receipt by ACY of the conditions precedent set out in Section 3 of the Lease; (g) ACY and the Financing Party shall have received an opinion of ACY’s local Slovenia counsel covering such matters as ACY shall reasonably request, including, without limitation, absence of liens, claims, charges, or encumbrances affecting the Aircraft at the time of Closing, the conveyance by ADRIA to ACY of full, valid, good and marketable title to the Aircraft, free and clear of all liens, claims, charges, and encumbrances, the due authorization and enforceability of the Transaction Documents, the filing of registration and recording of all pertinent Transaction Documents and Agreements under Slovenia law, (including with the CAA), as are contemplated by the Transaction Documents and covering such other matters as ACY and the Financing Party deem relevant to the closing of the sale, purchase, lease, and finance of the Aircraft hereunder; (h) ACY shall have received reasonably satisfactory evidence of the absence of any liens or encumbrances (recorded or otherwise) (“Liens”) affecting or pertaining to the Aircraft, ADRIA’s title, and/or ADRIA’s ability to transfer good and marketable title to the Aircraft at Closing, free and clear of any Liens whatsoever. If any lender or secured party to ADRIA shall have or claim any such Lien, then ACY and the Financing Party shall have received reasonably satisfactory evidence of the due and prompt release of any lien, claim, or encumbrance of any lender or secured party to ADRIA upon payment of the Purchase Price under this Sale Agreement to such lender or secured party; (i) no change having occurred after the date of this Agreement in any applicable law which would make it illegal for ACY to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (and any other documents or agreements to be entered into pursuant hereto), provided that if any such change has occurred the parties shall use all reasonable co-operative endeavours to restructure the transaction contemplated by such documents so as to avoid the aforementioned illegality; (j) receipt by ACY of the Acceptance Certificate duly executed by the Lessee pursuant to the Lease; (k) receipt by ACY of tax and enforceability opinions from its own counsel in respect of the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, in each case, reasonably satisfactory to ACY; (l) subject to Clause 4.3, no Event of Loss or Material Damage having occurred; (m) no action, suits or proceedings or any governmental action shall have been instituted or be threatened before any court or before or by any governmental agency, nor shall any order, judgment or decree have been issued or proposed to be issued by any court or governmental agency, as of the Delivery Date, questioning the validity or legality of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; (n) In the event that Slovenia becomes a member state of the Cape Town convention prior to Delivery, ADRIA shall have established a valid and subsisting account with the International Registry a s a transacting user entity and have appointed an administrator and have consented to the appointment of a professional user reasonably acceptable to ACY and shall consent to the registration of the sale on the International Registry ; and (o) ACY shall have received originally signed bills of sale (from date of manufacture and first sale through any intermediate owners, through ADRIA) evidencing ADRIA's title to the Aircraft. 6.2 The conditions precedent specified in Clause 6.1 are for ACY’s benefit and may be waived in writing, in whole or in part by ACY. 7. Representations and Warranties of ADRIA 7.1 ADRIA hereby represents and warrants, all such representations and warranties being continuing, to ACY, in each case in relation to itself only and in relation to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party only, that: (a) it is a corporation duly organised and legally existing under the laws of Slovenia, and has the power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to perform its obligations under, and execute and deliver, each of the Transaction Documents and each of the Transaction Documents has been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action on its part, and does not require any approval, direct or indirect, of its shareholder(s) or any approval or consent of any trustee or holder or holders of any of its indebtedness (or if such approval is required, such approval has been obtained); (b) each of the Transaction Documents has been duly entered into and delivered by it and upon due authorisation, execution and delivery by the other parties thereto will constitute its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganisation, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law); (c) neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, nor the compliance by it with any of the terms and provisions thereof will contravene any law applicable to it or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental agency or instrumentality binding on it or result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon the Aircraft under any indenture, mortgage, chattel mortgage, deed of trust, conditional sales contract, bank loan or credit agreement, corporate charter or by-laws, or other agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which it is a party or by which it or its properties or assets may be bound or affected; (d) the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents and any of the transactions contemplated thereby do not require any consent, approval, order, or authorisation of, or registration with, or the giving of prior notice to, any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents or the validity and enforceability thereof or the satisfaction of all monetary and other obligations thereunder; (e) it is subject to private commercial law and suit under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, it is not entitled to sovereign immunity under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and neither it nor its properties or assets have any right of immunity from suit or execution on the grounds of sovereignty in its jurisdiction of incorporation; (f) no provision of the Transaction Documents is prohibited, unlawful or unenforceable under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganisation, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law); (g) there is no investigation by any Governmental Entity or any action, suit, proceeding, or claim pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it with respect to the Aircraft or any of the Transaction Documents which, if adversely determined, would be likely to have a material adverse effect on its ability to comply with its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, and it knows of no basis or ground for any such investigation, action, suit, proceeding or claim; (h) there is no outstanding order, lien, levy, distraint, writ, injunction or decree of any court, government or Governmental Entity against or affecting it directly relating to the Aircraft or any of the Transaction Documents which is likely to have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents; (i) at Delivery, ADRIA shall be the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Aircraft and shall have good and marketable title to the Aircraft free and clear of any Liens; (j) ADRIA has imported the Aircraft into Slovenia on definitive (and not on a temporary basis) and at the time of import paid all customs and import duties in connection with such import, enforceable at the time of import. 7.2 As regards any of the Transaction Documents which have not been executed and delivered on the date of this Agreement, the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply with respect thereto once they have been executed and delivered. 8. Representations and Warranties of ACY 8.1 ACY represents and warrants, all such representations and warranties being continuing, to ADRIA, in each case in relation to itself only and in relation to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party only, that: (a) ACY is a corporation duly organised and legally existing under the laws of Delaware, United States of America and has the power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to perform its obligations under and execute and deliver each of the Transaction Documents and each of the Transaction Documents has been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action on its part, and do not require any approval, direct or indirect, of its shareholders or any approval or consent of any trustee or holder or holders of any of its indebtedness (or if such approval is required, such approval has been obtained); (b) each of the Transaction Documents has been duly entered into and delivered by it and upon due authorisation, execution and delivery by the other parties thereto will constitute its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganisation, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law); (c) neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents nor the consummation of the transactions as contemplated thereby, nor compliance by it with any of the terms and provisions thereof will contravene any law applicable to it or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental agency or instrumentality binding on it or result in any breach of, or constitute a default under any indenture, mortgage, chattel mortgage, deed of trust, conditional sales contract, bank loan or credit agreement, corporate charter or by-laws or other agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which it is a party or by which it or its properties or assets may be bound or affected; (d) the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents and any of the transactions contemplated thereby do not require any consent, approval, order or authorisation of, or registration with, or the giving of prior notice to any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents or the validity and enforceability thereof or the satisfaction of all monetary and other obligations thereunder; (e) it is subject to private commercial law and suit under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, it is not entitled to sovereign immunity under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and neither it nor its properties or assets have the right of immunity from suit or execution on the grounds of sovereignty in the jurisdiction of its incorporation; (f) no provision of the Transaction Documents is prohibited, unlawful or unenforceable under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganisation, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law); (g) there is no investigation by any Governmental Entity or any action, suit, proceeding, or claim pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it with respect to the Aircraft or any of the Transaction Documents which, if adversely determined, would be likely to have a material adverse effect on its ability to comply with its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, and it knows of no basis or ground for any such investigation, action, suit, proceeding or claim; and (h) there is no outstanding order, writ, injunction or decree of any court, government or Governmental Entity against or affecting it directly relating to the Aircraft or any of the Transaction Documents which is likely to have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents. 8.2 As regards any of the Transaction Documents which have not been executed and delivered on the date of this Agreement, the representations and warranties set out in Clause 8.1 shall apply with respect thereto once they have been executed and delivered. 9. Delivery Location The Delivery Location for the Aircraft shall be Ljubljana Airport, Slovenia, or such other location selected by mutual agreement in order to reduce tax liability that arises due to the location of the deliveries under the Sale Agreement and/or Lease. 10. Warranties and Disclaimers 10.1 THE AIRCRAFT WILL BE DELIVERED IN " AS IS-WHERE IS WITH ALL FAULTS ” CONDITION. ADRIA MAKES NO WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR REPRESENTATIONS (EXCEPT AS STATED IN CLAUSE 7 OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE BILL OF SALE WITH RESPECT TO GOOD TITLE, WHICH EXCEPTION APPLIES TO THE ENTIRETY HEREOF) NOR UNDERTAKES ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE, IN EACH CASE WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (1) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY (A) AS TO THE DESCRIPTION, AIRWORTHINESS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, VALUE, CONDITION, DESIGN, USE OR OPERATION OF THE AIRCRAFT OR (B) ARISING FROM ANY PART PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE OR OTHERWISE, (2) ANY SUCH OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY IN TORT, AND (3) ANY SUCH OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY FOR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO THE AIRCRAFT, (A) FOR ANY LIABILITY OF ANY LESSEE OR ANY LESSOR TO ANY THIRD PARTY, (B) FOR ANY LIABILITY OF ACY TO ANY THIRD PARTY, OR (C) FOR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS, OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES, RIGHTS, CLAIMS OR REMEDIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, NEITHER ADRIA NOR ACY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITIES OF THE OTHER PARTY TO ANY THIRD PARTY. 11. Additional Covenants and Agreements of ADRIA and ACY 11.1 Effective at Closing, ADRIA shall and does hereby assign, transfer and set over to ACY, any and all warranties, service life policies, product support agreements and guaranties of manufacturers and maintenance, supply and overhaul repair facilities pertaining to the Aircraft, and any and all equipment associate therewith, if and to the full extent the same are assignable and transferable. Upon request of ACY, ADRIA shall give ACY all assistance in enforcing the rights of ACY (in the name of ADRIA or otherwise) arising under such warranties. 11.2 ADRIA shall be responsible for and shall indemnify, defend and hold ACY and its directors, servants, employees, successors and permitted assigns, harmless, on demand, and on an after-Tax basis, from and against all Taxes assessed by any governmental entity, agency, or instrumentality of any country, excluding the United States, whether state or federal, imposed or assessed on or with respect to the sale or purchase of the Aircraft, whether imposed on ACY, as purchaser or Lessor of the Aircraft, or ADRIA, as seller or Lessee of the Aircraft, or the Aircraft, itself . 11.3 ADRIA shall, within 30 days after the purchase and sale of the Aircraft, provide to ACY evidence that it has either (i) paid all VAT due to the Slovenia VAT taxing authority arising from ADRIA’s sale of the Aircraft; or (ii) received a written confirmation from the Slovenia VAT taxing authority that VAT will not be assessed on the sale of the Aircraft from ADRIA to ACY. 12. Assignment/Transfer No party shall assign, transfer or otherwise convey this Agreement, or all or any part of its rights or obligations hereunder to any person without the prior written consent of the other party hereto. 13. Confidentiality The terms and conditions of this Agreement are to be kept confidential by ADRIA and ACY and each party acknowledges that this Agreement contains commercially sensitive information (collectively, the “Confidential Information”) and agrees that such Confidential Information will not be disclosed by it without the prior written permission of each other party except to: (i) any permitted assignee or transferee of ACY or ADRIA, provided such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this or other substantially similar confidentiality clause, (ii) the extent necessary in connection with the enforcement of ADRIA’s or ACY’s rights or obligations hereunder, (iii) the extent disclosure may be required by applicable law or legal process ; (iv) the potential financiers of ACY and ADRIA’s existing financiers, provided such potential or existing financiers agree to be bound by the terms of this or substantially similar confidentiality clause and (v) each party’s respective boards of directors, employees, auditors, management companies and legal or technical advisors, in which case, the disclosing party shall cause such person to agree to be bound by the terms of this or substantially similar confidentiality clause. 14. Miscellaneous 14.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all previous statements, representations and agreements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. 14.2 No delay or omission by any party in exercising any right, power or remedy under this Agreement shall impair such right, power or remedy or be construed as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The rights, powers and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers and remedies provided by Law. 14.3 No amendment to this Agreement, including but not limited to this Clause 14.3, shall be effective unless in writing and duly signed by all parties hereto. 14.4 If at any time any one or more of the provisions in this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any Law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be in any way affected or impaired thereby. 14.5 Each party shall pay its own legal and professional costs and expenses in respect of the negotiation, documentation and closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, inter alia, ACY paying its own costs and expenses associated with the inspection of the Aircraft. 14.6 Costs in connection with the registration of the mortgage of ACY’s financier on the Aircraft on the Slovenia registry shall be for the account of ACY. 14.7 Each party undertakes to reasonably cooperate with the other to execute and deliver any and all such other documents as may be reasonably requested by the other party in order to effectuate the intent, purposes and terms of this Agreement. 15. Notices 15.1 Any notice or other communication to be given under or for the purposes of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be treated as properly served or given if hand delivered or sent by international courier, registered post or legible facsimile to the relevant person at the following address or facsimile number (or such other address or facsimile number as that person may by notice designate in writing from time to time to the person giving the notice); Seller: Adria Airways d.d. Address: Zg. Brnik 130h SI-4210 Brnik - Aerodrom Slovenia Telephone: +386 4 259 4500 Facsimile No: +386 4 259 4573 E-Mail: Attention: Mrs Alenka Klemen ACY: AeroCentury Corp. Address: 1440 Chapin Ave, Suite 310 Burlingame, California 94010, USA Telephone: +1 650 340 1880 Facsimile No: +1 650 696 3929 Attention: Mr. Neal D. Crispin, President 15.2 Any notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient in the case of a letter which is hand delivered, when actually delivered and, in the case of a letter which is sent by registered post, on the third day after posting (or on actual receipt, if earlier). 15.3 All communications and documents delivered pursuant to or otherwise relating to this Agreement shall either be in English or accompanied by a certified English translation prepared by a competent translator. 16. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 16.1 This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the England. 16.2 The parties irrevocably agree that the courts having jurisdiction over London, England, shall have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (" Proceedings ") may be brought in such courts. 16.3 The parties irrevocably waive any and all rights to require that any Proceedings be heard by a jury, and also irrevocably waive any objection which they may have now or hereafter to the laying of any Proceedings in any such court as is referred to in Clause 16.2 and any claim that any Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further irrevocably agree that a judgement in any Proceedings brought in any court referred to in Clause 16.2 shall be conclusive and binding upon them and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereby consents generally in respect of any Proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including, without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such Proceedings. 16.4 Any provision of this Sale Agreement that may be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability in such jurisdiction only, without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof in such jurisdiction and without invalidating any of the provisions hereof in any other jurisdiction. 16.6 ACY and ADRIA will promptly, at any time and from time to time, execute and deliver to each other, such further instruments and documents, and take such further action, as ACY and ADRIA, as the case may be, may from time to time reasonably request and which is necessary to carry out this Sale Agreement and to establish and protect the rights, interests, and remedies created in favor of ACY and ADRIA. 16.7 This Sale Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written communications, proposals, agreements, representations, statements, negotiations, and undertakings between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 16.8 ACY and ADRIA each hereby represent to the other that it has not directly or indirectly employed or otherwise procured any broker in connection with the sale of the Aircraft hereunder for whose compensation any of the other parties is responsible or liable. Each party agrees to pay, indemnify, and hold harmless the other from and against any and all liabilities, losses, costs, damages, claims and expenses, (including attorneys’ fees and litigation costs) the other shall ever suffer, incur, or be threatened with because of any claim by any broker or agent claiming by, through, and under the indemnifying party, whether or not meritorious, for any fee, commission, or other compensation with respect to the purchase, sale and leaseback of the Aircraft. [remainder of page intentionally left blank] IN WITNESS whereof the parties hereto have entered into this Agreement the day and year first above mentioned. SIGNED for and on behalf of ADRIA AIRWAYS D.D. By: ____________________________ Name: Mark Anžur Its: President of Management Board & CEO SIGNED for and on behalf of AEROCENTURY CORP. By: ____________________________ Name: ____________________________ Its: ____________________________ Schedule 1 Description of Aircraft AIRCRAFT TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION Exhibit A Bill of Sale Adria Airways d.d., a Slovenia corporation with its principal office at Zg. Brnik 130h, SI-4210 Brnik - Aerodrom, Slovenia ("ADRIA") is the owner of the full legal and beneficial title to the following described aircraft and engines described below (hereinafter, collectively, referred to as the "Aircraft"): (1) one Bombardier CRJ900LR Aircraft S/N 15128 (2) two engines General Electric model CF34-8C5 engines bearing the following manufacturer’s serial numbers: 194582 and 194583; (3) all appliances, parts, accessories, appurtenances, instruments, components and other items of equipment which are installed or incorporated in or on the aircraft and engines described in (1) and (2) above; and (4) the Aircraft Documents. For and in consideration of the payment of the Purchase Price under the Aircraft Sale Agreement dated as of ___________, 2014, (the “Sale Agreement”) between ADRIA and AeroCentury Corp., a United States, State of Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business at 1440 Chapin Ave. Suite 310, Burlingame, California 94010, USA (“ACY”), ADRIA as of the ____ day of December 2014, at _________ PDT, grants, conveys, transfers, assigns, bargains and sells, delivers and sets over, all of ADRIA's right, title and interest in and to the Aircraft, unto ACY and ACY accepts such transfer of title. This Bill of Sale is first executed and delivered to ACY by ADRIA pursuant to the terms of the Sale Agreement and capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall be as defined in the Sale Agreement. ADRIA hereby warrants to ACY, its successors and permitted assigns, that there is hereby conveyed to ACY, all legal and beneficial title, and good and marketable title to the Aircraft free and clear of any Liens; provided, however, ADRIA shall have no responsibility for and does not warrant that the Aircraft is free of Lessor Liens created by or through ACY. ADRIA agrees with ACY and its successors and permitted assigns that ADRIA will warrant and defend such title forever against all claims and demands whatsoever. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, ADRIA and ACY have caused this instrument to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of this ___ day of December, 2014 SIGNED and DELIVERED on behalf of Adria Airways d.d. By: ____________________________ Name: __ ___________________ _______ Its: __ __________________________ ACCEPTED and AGREED: On behalf of AeroCentury Corp. By: ____________________________ Name: ____________________________ Its: ____________________________ EXHIBIT B CROSS RECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE 1. AeroCentury Corp., a United States Delaware corporation (“Purchaser”) hereby acknowledges that on this ____ day of December, 2014 at ________ o’clock __. M. _______ time, Purchaser did receive and accept delivery from Adria Airways (“Seller”) of: One used Bombardier CRJ900RL airframe, manufacturer’s Serial No. 15128, and Slovenia Registration No. S5-AAK together with two General Electric model CF34-8C5 engines, bearing manufacturer’s Serial Numbers 194582 and 194583 Together with all the appliances, accessories, parts, instruments, modules, components, radar, radio and other items of equipment on such airframe, engines, and landing gear, and all available manuals and records of maintenance and repair thereof as further described in the attached descriptions and specifications (collectively, the “Aircraft”), at ________, ________pursuant to the terms of that certain Aircraft Sale Agreement (the “Sale Agreement”) dated as of December ___, 2014. Purchaser acknowledges that the Aircraft is in compliance with the Sale Agreement, has been fully inspected by Purchaser, and is in all respects acceptable to Purchaser. 2. Seller hereby acknowledges receipt from Purchaser of the full Purchase Price as required under Section 3 of the Sale Agreement. 3. Seller and Purchaser acknowledge that: (a) Attachment A sets forth the Aircraft specification and MRB status as of Delivery; Attachment B contains the Aircraft equipment serialization List by ATA; Attachment C contains the Loose equipment list that are purchased along with the Aircraft at Delivery; and Attachment D sets forth the Records Inventory for the Aircraft, comprised of the records delivered to Seller upon its purchase of the Aircaft plus new Seller records since acquisition. Executed as of the time and date first shown above. AEROCENTURY CORP ADRIA AIRWAYS d.d. BY: __________________ BY:______________________ TITLE:________________ TITLE:____________________ ATTACHMENTS TO CROSS RECEIPT A - Aircraft specification and MRB status B - Aircraft equipment serialization List by ATA C- Loose equipment list D- Records Inventory (delivered to ADRIA plus new ADRIA records) EX-10.23 3 exh1023.htm FORM OF AIRCRAFT SALE AGREEMENT (SN15129) exh1023.htm AIRCRAFT SALE AGREEMENT (15129) Dated as of December 5, 2014 between Adria Airways d.d. as Seller and AeroCentury Corp. as Purchaser in respect of One Bombardier CRJ900LR Serial Number 15129 Bearing Slovenian Registration S5-AAL THIS AIRCRAFT SALE AGREEMENT (15129) is made as of December 5, 2014 between (1) Adria Airways d.d. , a corporation incorporated under the laws of Slovenia and having its principal place of business at Zg. Brnik 130h, SI-4210 Brnik - Aerodrom, Slovenia, VAT No SI51049406, Company No. 5156505 (“ ADRIA ”); and (2) AeroCentury Corp. , a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States and having its principal place of business at 1440 Chapin Ave, Suite 310, Burlingame, California 94010, USA (" ACY "). R E C I T A L S ADRIA has agreed to sell, and ACY has agreed to purchase, the Aircraft on the terms and conditions set out below, and will simultaneously enter into a lease for the Aircraft to commence upon delivery of the Aircraft hereunder; ADRIA shall at all times remain in sole physical possession of the Aircraft in accordance with the Lease, notwithstanding transfer of title from ADRIA to ACY hereunder. NOW IT IS AGREED as follows: 1. Definitions and Interpretation 1.1 In this Agreement capitalized terms shall have the following meanings unless the context requires otherwise: “ Acceptance Certificate ” means the Aircraft Acceptance Certificate executed by ADRIA at commencement of the Lease indicating acceptance of delivery by ADRIA, as lessee under the Lease, of the Aircraft. " Aircraft " means the Bombardier CRJ900LR Aircraft SN 15129, and includes the Engines, Parts and any other items of equipment installed in, or furnished with, the Aircraft at Delivery (as defined below), as described in Schedule 1 and, where the context permits, references to the Aircraft shall include the Aircraft Documents; " Aircraft Documents " has the meaning given to it in the Lease and all records, manuals and documentation relating to the Aircraft, whether in the possession of Lessee or Lessor; " Bill of Sale " means a bill of sale from the ADRIA to ACY substantially in the form of Exhibit A; " Business Day " means a day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, on which banks are open for business in New York, New York, San Francisco, California and Ljubljana, Slovenia; “ Cape Town Convention ” means, collectively, the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment and the Protocol to the Convention on International Interests in Mobile Equipment on matters specific to Aircraft Equipment dated 16 November 2001; " Default " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Delivery " means the time at which ACY shall obtain title to the Aircraft from ADRIA by operation of law in accordance with this Agreement, which shall be simultaneous with the delivery of the Aircraft by ACY, as lessor, to ADRIA, as lessee, under the Lease; " Delivery Date " means the date on which Delivery shall occur; " Delivery Location " means a location as agreed between ADRIA and ACY in accordance with Clause 9; " Deposit " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Dollars " and " US$ " means the lawful currency for the time being of the United States of America; " Engines " means the engines described in Schedule 1; " Expected Delivery Date " means on or about December 10, 2014. “Financing Party” means any lender that is granted a security interest in the Aircraft to secure the obligations of the “Lessor” under the Lease to Financing Party; " Governmental Entity " includes (i) any national government, political sub-division thereof or local jurisdiction therein; (ii) any board, commission, department, division, organ, instrumentality, court or agency thereof, however constituted; and (iii) any association, organisation or institution of which any thereof is a member or to whose jurisdiction any thereof is subject or in whose activities any thereof is a participant; " International Interest " has the meaning set forth in the Cape Town Convention; “ International Registry ” means the international registry established pursuant to the Cape Town Convention; " Law " includes (i) any statute, decree, constitution, regulation, order or other directive of any Governmental Entity; (ii) any treaty, pact, compact or other agreement to which any Governmental Entity is a signatory or party; (iii) any judicial or administrative decision, interpretation or application of any thereof; and (iv) any amendment or revision of any of the foregoing; " Lease " means the Aircraft Lease Agreement (SN 15129) dated the same date hereof for the Aircraft, between ACY, as Lessor, and ADRIA, as Lessee, as amended to date; " Lessee " means ADRIA, in its capacity as lessee under the Lease; " Lessor " means ACY, in its capacity as lessor under the Lease; " Lessor Lien " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; “Liens " means any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge, encumbrance, hypothecation, lease, sublease, security interest, judgment, writ, order, national or international interest, or right of possession of any kind whatsoever, however and wherever created or arising and whether or not consensual (including any arrangement or agreement to give or effect any of the foregoing and any conditional sale or other title retention agreement); " Maintenance Reserves " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Material Damage " means damage to the Aircraft, the cost of repair of which shall, in the reasonable opinion of the Vendor (as defined in Clause 4.3 below) exceed US$50,000; " Other Aircraft " means the Bombardier CRJ900LR Aircraft SN 15128; " Parts " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Permitted Lien " has the meaning given to it under the Lease; " Purchase Price " means US$13,850,000. " Purchaser Indemnitees " means ACY and JetFleet Management Corp. and each of ACY’s Financing Parties, and including any of their respective affiliates, successors and permitted assigns, directors, officers, servants, and employees; " Rent " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Taxes " means any and all present and future sales, use, personal property, customs, ad valorem, value added, consumption, turnover, stamp, interest equalisation, or other similar taxes, fees, withholdings, imposts, duties, deductions, levies or other charges of any nature together with any penalties, fines or interest thereon, imposed, levied or assessed by, or otherwise payable to, any Government Entity; provided that “Taxes” shall not include taxes based on the net income of any person or entity or franchise or similar taxes payable by such person or entity. " Event of Loss " has the meaning given to it in the Lease; " Transaction Documents " means this Agreement, the Lease, the Bill of Sale and all notices, consents, confirmations and certificates and other documents related thereto and, in relation to a particular person, means such documents as that party has executed or is to execute; and “ Vendor ” has the meaning given to it in Clause 4.3. 1.2 (a) Clause headings are for ease of reference only. (b) References in this Agreement to Clauses, paragraphs or Schedules or Exhbits, unless otherwise specified, are to be construed as references to clauses, paragraphs of and Schedules or Exhibits to this Agreement. (c) References in this Agreement to any statute or other legislative provision shall include any statutory or legislative modification or re-enactment thereof, or any substitution therefore and all regulations relating thereto, issued or promulgated by a Government Entity. (d) References in this Agreement to " relevant statutory provision " shall include references to any provision of the Laws of any jurisdiction that may from time to time be applicable. (e) References in this Agreement to any agreement, document or instrument, except in clause 7.2 hereof, shall include such agreement, document or instrument as the same may from time to time be varied, amended, supplemented, novated or substituted. (f) References in this Agreement to the word " person " or " persons " include, without limitation, individuals, firms, corporations, government agencies, authorities and other bodies, incorporated or unincorporated and whether having distinct legal personality or not. (g) References in this Agreement to any party hereto or any person include references to any successor or permitted assign of such party or person. (h) References in this Agreement to the Aircraft include Parts of the Aircraft, and, where the context so admits, any of the Aircraft Documents; and references to Parts of the Aircraft include Parts of any Engine. (i) Unless the context otherwise requires, words denoting the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa. (j) Reference in this Agreement to the word " written " or " in writing " shall include any means of visible reproduction. 2. Sale and Purchase 2.1 ADRIA agrees to sell to ACY, and ACY agrees to purchase from ADRIA, the Aircraft for the Purchase Price at the Delivery Location on the terms and conditions contained herein. 3. Payments 3.1 The Purchase Price for the Aircraft shall be paid by ACY to ADRIA to the following bank account of ADRIA: Pay to : Bank: Address: ABA#: SWIFT code: Account name: Account #: or such other bank account as ADRIA may advise in writing. All payments hereunder shall be made in Dollars and in immediately available funds so that the recipient receives credit for the full amount of such payment on the due date. 4. Delivery and Acceptance 4.1 For the avoidance of doubt, if Delivery does not occur within ten (10) days after the Expected Delivery Date (and the parties have not agreed to amend such date to a later date) each party shall have the right and option to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other, and thereafter, this Agreement shall terminate and neither party shall have any further rights or obligations hereunder other than survival of the parties' respective obligations under Clause 13 hereof. 4.2 If the Aircraft, prior to the sale and Delivery thereof to ACY, suffers an Event of Loss, ADRIA shall notify ACY thereof as soon as practicable. After receipt of such notice to ACY, this Agreement shall terminate and thereafter, neither party shall have any further rights or obligations (other than the parties’ respective obligations under Clause13) hereunder. 4.3 If, prior to Delivery, the Aircraft suffers any damage for which the costs of the repair exceeds $50,000, ADRIA will notify ACY thereof as soon as practicable and ACY may request the immediate evaluation of such damage, at ACY’s sole cost and expense, by a vendor selected by ACY that is acceptable to ADRIA (the “Vendor”) in order to determine whether or not Material Damage to the Aircraft has occurred. If it is determined by the Vendor that Material Damage has occurred, ACY shall have the right to either proceed with sale and delivery hereunder, or, notify ADRIA of ACY’s termination of this Agreement, and upon receipt of ACY’s termination notice, this Agreement shall terminate and thereafter, neither party shall have any further rights or obligations (other than the parties’ respective obligations under Clause 13) hereunder. If the damage is determined not to be Material Damage, notwithstanding such damage, ACY will accept and purchase the Aircraft in accordance with the terms hereunder, provided that ADRIA agrees to accept delivery of the Aircraft under the Lease in such state and undertakes to immediately repair such damage after Delivery at ADRIA’s cost and expense. 4.4 ADRIA shall not be liable for or be deemed to be in breach of this Agreement in respect of any delay or failure in tendering the Aircraft on the Expected Delivery Date if such delay or failure results from any occurrence that is beyond the reasonable control of ADRIA. 4.5 On the Delivery Date, subject to satisfaction or explicit waiver of the conditions precedent set out in Clauses 5 and 6, ACY shall pay to ADRIA the Purchase Price and upon receipt by ADRIA of the Purchase Price, ADRIA and ACY shall execute and deliver to the other party, the Bill of Sale and the Lessee shall accept delivery of the Aircraft under the Lease. 4.6 As between ADRIA and ACY, the risk of loss of, or damage to, the Aircraft shall pass from ADRIA to ACY upon delivery of the Bill of Sale by ADRIA to ACY, and then immediately pass back to ADRIA at the simultaneous commencement of the Lease. 4.7 Subsequent to execution of this Agreement, ACY shall be entitled to an inspection of the Aircraft and all records of maintenance, overhaul and repair and all manuals and maintenance program with respect to the Aircraft which shall be made available to ACY for inspection, on a date to be agreed between ADRIA and ACY, but in no event later than 15 Busines Days after such execution, and conducted and completed by ACY, at ACY’s sole risk and expense, (the " Delivery Inspection "). Upon ACY’s written request, ADRIA shall provide copies of any of such records, at ADRIA’s expense. 4.8 The Aircraft to be sold hereunder shall be delivered to ACY "AS IS WHERE IS WITH ALL FAULTS" at the Delivery Location and SUBJECT TO EACH AND EVERY DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY AND REPRESENTATION AS SET FORTH IN CLAUSE 10; provided, however, that the Aircraft shall be in airworthy condition, in compliance with mandatory requirements of the Slovenian Aviation Authority (“CAA”) and the respective manufacturers of the parts and components thereof, including, without limitation, the airframe included in the Aircraft and Engines, and, with respect to the installed Engines, shall be eligible for continuation on the MTU Engine Maintenance Contract. Subject to the foregoing provisions of Clause 4 and the due fulfilment or explicit waiver of all the conditions precedent referred to in Clauses 5 and 6, ACY shall unconditionally accept the Aircraft for all purposes hereunder at Delivery in the condition in which it exists at Delivery and shall execute and deliver to ADRIA the countersigned Bill of Sale. Acceptance of the Aircraft by ACY at Delivery and execution by ACY of the Bill of Sale shall constitute an acknowledgement by ACY that the Aircraft is in the condition required by the provisions of this Agreement. 4.9 (a) Seller’s Deliveries at Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at the time of Closing, ADRIA shall deliver the following documents to ACY: (i) the Bill of Sale for the Aircraft, duly executed by ADRIA; (ii) the Cross Receipt and Acceptance Certificate with respect to the Aircraft in the form of Exhibit B, duly executed by ADRIA; (iii) the Lease, together with all documents required to be executed and delivered to ACY thereunder and hereunder, all, as applicable, duly executed by ADRIA; (iv) such other instruments, certificates, opinions, and documents that, in the reasonable opinion of ACY, the Financing Party, or their respective counsel, need to be executed and delivered by ADRIA on or before the Closing Date in order to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and meet the conditions set forth in Section 6, as applicable; (v) if requested by ACY, summary maintenance status reports for the Aircraft; and (vi) the aircraft sale agreement and lease agreement, each in form mutually acceptable to ACY and ADRIA, covering ADRIA’s sale of the Other Aircraft to ACY, and the lease back to ADRIA, duly executed by ADRIA. (b) Purchaser’s Deliveries at Closing . Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, at the time of Closing, ACY shall deliver the following to ADRIA: (i) the Purchase Price for the Aircraft in the amount specified in Section 3 hereof in the manner specified thereby; (ii) Cross Receipt and Acceptance Certificate in respect to the Aircraft in the form of Exhibit B, duly executed by ACY; (iii) the Lease, together with all documents required to be executed and delivered to ADRIA thereunder, all duly executed by ACY; (iv) such other instruments, certificates, opinions, and documents, which, in the reasonable opinion of ADRIA, to be executed and delivered in order to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and meet the conditions set forth in Section 6, as applicable; and (v) the aircraft sale agreement and lease agreement, each in form mutually acceptable to ACY and ADRIA, covering ADRIA’s sale of the Other Aircraft to ACY, and the lease back to ADRIA, duly executed by ACY. 5. Conditions Precedent - ADRIA 5.1 ADRIA’s obligation to sell the Aircraft hereunder is subject to the following express conditions precedent on the Delivery Date: (a) receipt by ADRIA of the Purchase Price, as provided for in Clause 3.1; (b) receipt by ADRIA of a copy certified by an officer of ACY to be a true, complete and up-to-date copy of the constitutive documents of ACY; (c) receipt by ADRIA of a copy certified by an officer of ACY, to be a true, complete and up-to-date copy of resolutions of the board of directors (or other appropriate governing body) of ACY, which are in full force and effect and not amended or rescinded: (i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; and (ii) authorising a specified person or persons to sign and deliver on behalf of ACY, the Transaction Documents and any notices or other documents to be given or entered into pursuant thereto; and (iii) a specimen signature of each such person; (d) the representations and warranties of ACY in Clause 8 of this Agreement being true and correct on the Delivery Date as though such representations and warranties have been made as of the Delivery Date; (e) ACY having complied with its material obligations under the Transaction Documents required to have been performed at or before Delivery; (f) no change having occurred after the date of this Agreement in any applicable law which would make it illegal for ADRIA to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (and any other documents or agreements to be entered into pursuant hereto), provided that if any such change has occurred, the parties shall use all reasonable cooperative endeavours to restructure the transaction contemplated by such documents so as to avoid the aforementioned illegality; (g) execution of the Lease by ACY; (h) no Event of Loss or Material Damage shall have occurred, subject to the provisions of Clause 4.3; (i) transaction set forth hereunder reasonably satisfactory by ADRIA; and (j) no action, suits or proceedings or any governmental action shall have been instituted or be threatened before any court or before or by any Governmental Entity, nor shall any order, judgment or decree have been issued or proposed to be issued by any court or Governmental Entity, as of the Delivery Date, questioning the validity or legality of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby. 5.2 The conditions precedent in Clause 5.1 are for ADRIA’s benefit and may be waived in writing, in whole or in part by ADRIA. 6. Conditions Precedent - ACY 6.1 ACY’s obligation to purchase the Aircraft hereunder is subject to the following express conditions precedent on the Delivery Date: (a) receipt by ACY of a copy certified by an officer of ADRIA to be a true, complete and up-to-date copy of the constitutive documents of ADRIA; (b) a copy certified by an officer of ADRIA, to be a true, complete and up-to-date copy of resolutions of the board of directors (or other appropriate governing body) of ADRIA, which are in full force and effect and not amended or rescinded: (i) approving the terms of, and the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; and (ii) authorising a specified person or persons to sign and deliver on behalf of ADRIA, the Transaction Documents and any notices or other documents to be given or entered into pursuant thereto, and (iii) a specimen signature of each such person; (c) the representations and warranties of ADRIA in Clause 7 of this Agreement shall be true and complete on the Delivery Date (and if given prior to the Delivery Date, being true and complete as though such representations and warranties have been made as of the Delivery Date); (d) ADRIA shall have complied with its material obligations under the Transaction Documents required to have been performed at or before Delivery; (e) ADRIA shall have delivered the originally signed Lease, and all of the other Transaction Documents, in originally-signed form, to ACY; (f) receipt by ACY of the conditions precedent set out in Section 3 of the Lease; (g) ACY and the Financing Party shall have received an opinion of ACY’s local Slovenia counsel covering such matters as ACY shall reasonably request, including, without limitation, absence of liens, claims, charges, or encumbrances affecting the Aircraft at the time of Closing, the conveyance by ADRIA to ACY of full, valid, good and marketable title to the Aircraft, free and clear of all liens, claims, charges, and encumbrances, the due authorization and enforceability of the Transaction Documents, the filing of registration and recording of all pertinent Transaction Documents and Agreements under Slovenia law, (including with the CAA), as are contemplated by the Transaction Documents and covering such other matters as ACY and the Financing Party deem relevant to the closing of the sale, purchase, lease, and finance of the Aircraft hereunder; (h) ACY shall have received reasonably satisfactory evidence of the absence of any liens or encumbrances (recorded or otherwise) (“Liens”) affecting or pertaining to the Aircraft, ADRIA’s title, and/or ADRIA’s ability to transfer good and marketable title to the Aircraft at Closing, free and clear of any Liens whatsoever. If any lender or secured party to ADRIA shall have or claim any such Lien, then ACY and the Financing Party shall have received reasonably satisfactory evidence of the due and prompt release of any lien, claim, or encumbrance of any lender or secured party to ADRIA upon payment of the Purchase Price under this Sale Agreement to such lender or secured party; (i) no change having occurred after the date of this Agreement in any applicable law which would make it illegal for ACY to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement (and any other documents or agreements to be entered into pursuant hereto), provided that if any such change has occurred the parties shall use all reasonable co-operative endeavours to restructure the transaction contemplated by such documents so as to avoid the aforementioned illegality; (j) receipt by ACY of the Acceptance Certificate duly executed by the Lessee pursuant to the Lease; (k) receipt by ACY of tax and enforceability opinions from its own counsel in respect of the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby, in each case, reasonably satisfactory to ACY; (l) subject to Clause 4.3, no Event of Loss or Material Damage having occurred; (m) no action, suits or proceedings or any governmental action shall have been instituted or be threatened before any court or before or by any governmental agency, nor shall any order, judgment or decree have been issued or proposed to be issued by any court or governmental agency, as of the Delivery Date, questioning the validity or legality of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; (n) In the event that Slovenia becomes a member state of the Cape Town convention prior to Delivery, ADRIA shall have established a valid and subsisting account with the International Registry a s a transacting user entity and have appointed an administrator and have consented to the appointment of a professional user reasonably acceptable to ACY and shall consent to the registration of the sale on the International Registry ; and (o) ACY shall have received originally signed bills of sale (from date of manufacture and first sale through any intermediate owners, through ADRIA) evidencing ADRIA's title to the Aircraft. 6.2 The conditions precedent specified in Clause 6.1 are for ACY’s benefit and may be waived in writing, in whole or in part by ACY. 7. Representations and Warranties of ADRIA 7.1 ADRIA hereby represents and warrants, all such representations and warranties being continuing, to ACY, in each case in relation to itself only and in relation to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party only, that: (a) it is a corporation duly organised and legally existing under the laws of Slovenia, and has the power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to perform its obligations under, and execute and deliver, each of the Transaction Documents and each of the Transaction Documents has been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action on its part, and does not require any approval, direct or indirect, of its shareholder(s) or any approval or consent of any trustee or holder or holders of any of its indebtedness (or if such approval is required, such approval has been obtained); (b) each of the Transaction Documents has been duly entered into and delivered by it and upon due authorisation, execution and delivery by the other parties thereto will constitute its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganisation, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law); (c) neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby, nor the compliance by it with any of the terms and provisions thereof will contravene any law applicable to it or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental agency or instrumentality binding on it or result in any breach of, or constitute a default under, or result in the creation of any lien, charge or encumbrance upon the Aircraft under any indenture, mortgage, chattel mortgage, deed of trust, conditional sales contract, bank loan or credit agreement, corporate charter or by-laws, or other agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which it is a party or by which it or its properties or assets may be bound or affected; (d) the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents and any of the transactions contemplated thereby do not require any consent, approval, order, or authorisation of, or registration with, or the giving of prior notice to, any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents or the validity and enforceability thereof or the satisfaction of all monetary and other obligations thereunder; (e) it is subject to private commercial law and suit under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, it is not entitled to sovereign immunity under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation, and neither it nor its properties or assets have any right of immunity from suit or execution on the grounds of sovereignty in its jurisdiction of incorporation; (f) no provision of the Transaction Documents is prohibited, unlawful or unenforceable under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganisation, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law); (g) there is no investigation by any Governmental Entity or any action, suit, proceeding, or claim pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it with respect to the Aircraft or any of the Transaction Documents which, if adversely determined, would be likely to have a material adverse effect on its ability to comply with its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, and it knows of no basis or ground for any such investigation, action, suit, proceeding or claim; (h) there is no outstanding order, lien, levy, distraint, writ, injunction or decree of any court, government or Governmental Entity against or affecting it directly relating to the Aircraft or any of the Transaction Documents which is likely to have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents; (i) at Delivery, ADRIA shall be the sole legal and beneficial owner of the Aircraft and shall have good and marketable title to the Aircraft free and clear of any Liens; (j) ADRIA has imported the Aircraft into Slovenia on definitive (and not on a temporary basis) and at the time of import paid all customs and import duties in connection with such import, enforceable at the time of import. 7.2 As regards any of the Transaction Documents which have not been executed and delivered on the date of this Agreement, the representations and warranties set out in Clause 7.1 shall apply with respect thereto once they have been executed and delivered. 8. Representations and Warranties of ACY 8.1 ACY represents and warrants, all such representations and warranties being continuing, to ADRIA, in each case in relation to itself only and in relation to the Transaction Documents to which it is a party only, that: (a) ACY is a corporation duly organised and legally existing under the laws of Delaware, United States of America and has the power and authority to carry on its business as presently conducted and to perform its obligations under and execute and deliver each of the Transaction Documents and each of the Transaction Documents has been duly authorised by all necessary corporate action on its part, and do not require any approval, direct or indirect, of its shareholders or any approval or consent of any trustee or holder or holders of any of its indebtedness (or if such approval is required, such approval has been obtained); (b) each of the Transaction Documents has been duly entered into and delivered by it and upon due authorisation, execution and delivery by the other parties thereto will constitute its legal, valid and binding obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganisation, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law); (c) neither the execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents nor the consummation of the transactions as contemplated thereby, nor compliance by it with any of the terms and provisions thereof will contravene any law applicable to it or any order, writ, injunction or decree of any court or governmental agency or instrumentality binding on it or result in any breach of, or constitute a default under any indenture, mortgage, chattel mortgage, deed of trust, conditional sales contract, bank loan or credit agreement, corporate charter or by-laws or other agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which it is a party or by which it or its properties or assets may be bound or affected; (d) the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents and any of the transactions contemplated thereby do not require any consent, approval, order or authorisation of, or registration with, or the giving of prior notice to any Governmental Entity having jurisdiction with respect to the execution, delivery and performance by it of the Transaction Documents or the validity and enforceability thereof or the satisfaction of all monetary and other obligations thereunder; (e) it is subject to private commercial law and suit under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation, it is not entitled to sovereign immunity under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and neither it nor its properties or assets have the right of immunity from suit or execution on the grounds of sovereignty in the jurisdiction of its incorporation; (f) no provision of the Transaction Documents is prohibited, unlawful or unenforceable under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation except as enforcement may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganisation, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law); (g) there is no investigation by any Governmental Entity or any action, suit, proceeding, or claim pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it with respect to the Aircraft or any of the Transaction Documents which, if adversely determined, would be likely to have a material adverse effect on its ability to comply with its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents, and it knows of no basis or ground for any such investigation, action, suit, proceeding or claim; and (h) there is no outstanding order, writ, injunction or decree of any court, government or Governmental Entity against or affecting it directly relating to the Aircraft or any of the Transaction Documents which is likely to have a material adverse effect on its ability to perform its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents. 8.2 As regards any of the Transaction Documents which have not been executed and delivered on the date of this Agreement, the representations and warranties set out in Clause 8.1 shall apply with respect thereto once they have been executed and delivered. 9. Delivery Location The Delivery Location for the Aircraft shall be Ljubljana Airport, Slovenia, or such other location selected by mutual agreement in order to reduce tax liability that arises due to the location of the deliveries under the Sale Agreement and/or Lease. 10. Warranties and Disclaimers 10.1 THE AIRCRAFT WILL BE DELIVERED IN " AS IS-WHERE IS WITH ALL FAULTS ” CONDITION. ADRIA MAKES NO WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR REPRESENTATIONS (EXCEPT AS STATED IN CLAUSE 7 OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE BILL OF SALE WITH RESPECT TO GOOD TITLE, WHICH EXCEPTION APPLIES TO THE ENTIRETY HEREOF) NOR UNDERTAKES ANY OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARISING BY LAW OR OTHERWISE, IN EACH CASE WITH RESPECT TO THE AIRCRAFT INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO (1) ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY (A) AS TO THE DESCRIPTION, AIRWORTHINESS, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, VALUE, CONDITION, DESIGN, USE OR OPERATION OF THE AIRCRAFT OR (B) ARISING FROM ANY PART PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE OR OTHERWISE, (2) ANY SUCH OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY IN TORT, AND (3) ANY SUCH OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, RIGHT, CLAIM OR REMEDY FOR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO THE AIRCRAFT, (A) FOR ANY LIABILITY OF ANY LESSEE OR ANY LESSOR TO ANY THIRD PARTY, (B) FOR ANY LIABILITY OF ACY TO ANY THIRD PARTY, OR (C) FOR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES; AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS, OBLIGATIONS, LIABILITIES, RIGHTS, CLAIMS OR REMEDIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, ARE EXPRESSLY EXCLUDED. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS, NEITHER ADRIA NOR ACY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY OBLIGATIONS OR LIABILITIES OF THE OTHER PARTY TO ANY THIRD PARTY. 11. Additional Covenants and Agreements of ADRIA and ACY 11.1 Effective at Closing, ADRIA shall and does hereby assign, transfer and set over to ACY, any and all warranties, service life policies, product support agreements and guaranties of manufacturers and maintenance, supply and overhaul repair facilities pertaining to the Aircraft, and any and all equipment associate therewith, if and to the full extent the same are assignable and transferable. Upon request of ACY, ADRIA shall give ACY all assistance in enforcing the rights of ACY (in the name of ADRIA or otherwise) arising under such warranties. 11.2 ADRIA shall be responsible for and shall indemnify, defend and hold ACY and its directors, servants, employees, successors and permitted assigns, harmless, on demand, and on an after-Tax basis, from and against all Taxes assessed by any governmental entity, agency, or instrumentality of any country, excluding the United States, whether state or federal, imposed or assessed on or with respect to the sale or purchase of the Aircraft, whether imposed on ACY, as purchaser or Lessor of the Aircraft, or ADRIA, as seller or Lessee of the Aircraft, or the Aircraft, itself . 11.3 ADRIA shall, within 30 days after the purchase and sale of the Aircraft, provide to ACY evidence that it has either (i) paid all VAT due to the Slovenia VAT taxing authority arising from ADRIA’s sale of the Aircraft; or (ii) received a written confirmation from the Slovenia VAT taxing authority that VAT will not be assessed on the sale of the Aircraft from ADRIA to ACY. 12. Assignment/Transfer No party shall assign, transfer or otherwise convey this Agreement, or all or any part of its rights or obligations hereunder to any person without the prior written consent of the other party hereto. 13. Confidentiality The terms and conditions of this Agreement are to be kept confidential by ADRIA and ACY and each party acknowledges that this Agreement contains commercially sensitive information (collectively, the “Confidential Information”) and agrees that such Confidential Information will not be disclosed by it without the prior written permission of each other party except to: (i) any permitted assignee or transferee of ACY or ADRIA, provided such assignee agrees to be bound by the terms of this or other substantially similar confidentiality clause, (ii) the extent necessary in connection with the enforcement of ADRIA’s or ACY’s rights or obligations hereunder, (iii) the extent disclosure may be required by applicable law or legal process ; (iv) the potential financiers of ACY and ADRIA’s existing financiers, provided such potential or existing financiers agree to be bound by the terms of this or substantially similar confidentiality clause and (v) each party’s respective boards of directors, employees, auditors, management companies and legal or technical advisors, in which case, the disclosing party shall cause such person to agree to be bound by the terms of this or substantially similar confidentiality clause. 14. Miscellaneous 14.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all previous statements, representations and agreements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement. 14.2 No delay or omission by any party in exercising any right, power or remedy under this Agreement shall impair such right, power or remedy or be construed as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, power or remedy preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or remedy. The rights, powers and remedies herein provided are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers and remedies provided by Law. 14.3 No amendment to this Agreement, including but not limited to this Clause 14.3, shall be effective unless in writing and duly signed by all parties hereto. 14.4 If at any time any one or more of the provisions in this Agreement is or becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any Law, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be in any way affected or impaired thereby. 14.5 Each party shall pay its own legal and professional costs and expenses in respect of the negotiation, documentation and closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including, inter alia, ACY paying its own costs and expenses associated with the inspection of the Aircraft. 14.6 Costs in connection with the registration of the mortgage of ACY’s financier on the Aircraft on the Slovenia registry shall be for the account of ACY. 14.7 Each party undertakes to reasonably cooperate with the other to execute and deliver any and all such other documents as may be reasonably requested by the other party in order to effectuate the intent, purposes and terms of this Agreement. 15. Notices 15.1 Any notice or other communication to be given under or for the purposes of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be treated as properly served or given if hand delivered or sent by international courier, registered post or legible facsimile to the relevant person at the following address or facsimile number (or such other address or facsimile number as that person may by notice designate in writing from time to time to the person giving the notice); Seller: Adria Airways d.d. Address: Zg. Brnik 130h SI-4210 Brnik - Aerodrom Slovenia Telephone: +386 4 259 4500 Facsimile No: +386 4 259 4573 E-Mail: Attention: Mrs Alenka Klemen ACY: AeroCentury Corp. Address: 1440 Chapin Ave, Suite 310 Burlingame, California 94010, USA Telephone: +1 650 340 1880 Facsimile No: +1 650 696 3929 Attention: Mr. Neal D. Crispin, President 15.2 Any notice or other communication shall be deemed to have been received by the recipient in the case of a letter which is hand delivered, when actually delivered and, in the case of a letter which is sent by registered post, on the third day after posting (or on actual receipt, if earlier). 15.3 All communications and documents delivered pursuant to or otherwise relating to this Agreement shall either be in English or accompanied by a certified English translation prepared by a competent translator. 16. Governing Law and Jurisdiction 16.1 This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the England. 16.2 The parties irrevocably agree that the courts having jurisdiction over London, England, shall have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with this Agreement and that accordingly any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement (" Proceedings ") may be brought in such courts. 16.3 The parties irrevocably waive any and all rights to require that any Proceedings be heard by a jury, and also irrevocably waive any objection which they may have now or hereafter to the laying of any Proceedings in any such court as is referred to in Clause 16.2 and any claim that any Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further irrevocably agree that a judgement in any Proceedings brought in any court referred to in Clause 16.2 shall be conclusive and binding upon them and may be enforced in the courts of any other jurisdiction. Each of the parties hereby consents generally in respect of any Proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such Proceedings including, without limitation, the making, enforcement or execution against any property whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or given in such Proceedings. 16.4 Any provision of this Sale Agreement that may be prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability in such jurisdiction only, without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof in such jurisdiction and without invalidating any of the provisions hereof in any other jurisdiction. 16.6 ACY and ADRIA will promptly, at any time and from time to time, execute and deliver to each other, such further instruments and documents, and take such further action, as ACY and ADRIA, as the case may be, may from time to time reasonably request and which is necessary to carry out this Sale Agreement and to establish and protect the rights, interests, and remedies created in favor of ACY and ADRIA. 16.7 This Sale Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior oral and written communications, proposals, agreements, representations, statements, negotiations, and undertakings between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 16.8 ACY and ADRIA each hereby represent to the other that it has not directly or indirectly employed or otherwise procured any broker in connection with the sale of the Aircraft hereunder for whose compensation any of the other parties is responsible or liable. Each party agrees to pay, indemnify, and hold harmless the other from and against any and all liabilities, losses, costs, damages, claims and expenses, (including attorneys’ fees and litigation costs) the other shall ever suffer, incur, or be threatened with because of any claim by any broker or agent claiming by, through, and under the indemnifying party, whether or not meritorious, for any fee, commission, or other compensation with respect to the purchase, sale and leaseback of the Aircraft. [remainder of page intentionally left blank] IN WITNESS whereof the parties hereto have entered into this Agreement the day and year first above mentioned. SIGNED for and on behalf of ADRIA AIRWAYS D.D. By: ____________________________ Name: Mark Anžur Its: President of Management Board & CEO SIGNED for and on behalf of AEROCENTURY CORP. By: ____________________________ Name: ____________________________ Its: ____________________________ Schedule 1 Description of Aircraft AIRCRAFT TECHNICAL SPECIFICATION Exhibit A Bill of Sale Adria Airways d.d., a Slovenia corporation with its principal office at Zg. Brnik 130h, SI-4210 Brnik - Aerodrom, Slovenia ("ADRIA") is the owner of the full legal and beneficial title to the following described aircraft and engines described below (hereinafter, collectively, referred to as the "Aircraft"): (1) one Bombardier CRJ900LR Aircraft S/N 15129 (2) two engines General Electric model CF34-8C5 engines bearing the following manufacturer’s serial numbers: 194585 and 194584; (3) all appliances, parts, accessories, appurtenances, instruments, components and other items of equipment which are installed or incorporated in or on the aircraft and engines described in (1) and (2) above; and (4) the Aircraft Documents. For and in consideration of the payment of the Purchase Price under the Aircraft Sale Agreement dated as of ___________, 2014, (the “Sale Agreement”) between ADRIA and AeroCentury Corp., a United States, State of Delaware corporation, having its principal place of business at 1440 Chapin Ave. Suite 310, Burlingame, California 94010, USA (“ACY”), ADRIA as of the ____ day of December 2014, at _________ PDT, grants, conveys, transfers, assigns, bargains and sells, delivers and sets over, all of ADRIA's right, title and interest in and to the Aircraft, unto ACY and ACY accepts such transfer of title. This Bill of Sale is first executed and delivered to ACY by ADRIA pursuant to the terms of the Sale Agreement and capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall be as defined in the Sale Agreement. ADRIA hereby warrants to ACY, its successors and permitted assigns, that there is hereby conveyed to ACY, all legal and beneficial title, and good and marketable title to the Aircraft free and clear of any Liens; provided, however, ADRIA shall have no responsibility for and does not warrant that the Aircraft is free of Lessor Liens created by or through ACY. ADRIA agrees with ACY and its successors and permitted assigns that ADRIA will warrant and defend such title forever against all claims and demands whatsoever. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, ADRIA and ACY have caused this instrument to be executed by their duly authorized officers as of this ___ day of December, 2014 SIGNED and DELIVERED on behalf of Adria Airways d.d. By: ____________________________ Name: __ ___________________ _______ Its: __ __________________________ ACCEPTED and AGREED: On behalf of AeroCentury Corp. By: ____________________________ Name: ____________________________ Its: ____________________________ EXHIBIT B CROSS RECEIPT AND ACCEPTANCE CERTIFICATE 1. AeroCentury Corp., a United States Delaware corporation (“Purchaser”) hereby acknowledges that on this ____ day of December, 2014 at ________ o’clock __. M. _______ time, Purchaser did receive and accept delivery from Adria Airways (“Seller”) of: One used Bombardier CRJ900RL airframe, manufacturer’s Serial No. 15129, and Slovenia Registration No. S5-AAL together with two General Electric model CF34-8C5 engines, bearing manufacturer’s Serial Numbers 194584 and 194585 Together with all the appliances, accessories, parts, instruments, modules, components, radar, radio and other items of equipment on such airframe, engines, and landing gear, and all available manuals and records of maintenance and repair thereof as further described in the attached descriptions and specifications (collectively, the “Aircraft”), at ________, ________pursuant to the terms of that certain Aircraft Sale Agreement (the “Sale Agreement”) dated as of December ___, 2014. Purchaser acknowledges that the Aircraft is in compliance with the Sale Agreement, has been fully inspected by Purchaser, and is in all respects acceptable to Purchaser. 2. Seller hereby acknowledges receipt from Purchaser of the full Purchase Price as required under Section 3 of the Sale Agreement. 3. Seller and Purchaser acknowledge that: (a) Attachment A sets forth the Aircraft specification and MRB status as of Delivery; Attachment B contains the Aircraft equipment serialization List by ATA; Attachment C contains the Loose equipment list that are purchased along with the Aircraft at Delivery; and Attachment D sets forth the Records Inventory for the Aircraft, comprised of the records delivered to Seller upon its purchase of the Aircaft plus new Seller records since acquisition. Executed as of the time and date first shown above. AEROCENTURY CORP ADRIA AIRWAYS d.d. BY: __________________ BY:______________________ TITLE:________________ TITLE:____________________ ATTACHMENTS TO CROSS RECEIPT A - Aircraft specification and MRB status B - Aircraft equipment serialization List by ATA C- Loose equipment list D- Records Inventory (delivered to ADRIA plus new ADRIA records) EX-31.1 4 exh311.htm NDC 302 CERT exh311.htm Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Neal D. Crispin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AeroCentury Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant business issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. March 12, 2015 By: /s/ Neal D. Crispin Name: Neal D. Crispin Title: President & Chief Executive Officer EX-31.2 5 exh312.htm TMP 302 CERT exh312.htm Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Toni M. Perazzo, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of AeroCentury Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant business issuer’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. March 12, 2015 By: /s/ Toni M. Perazzo Name: Toni M. Perazzo Title: Sr. V.P. Finance and Chief Financial Officer EX-32.1 6 exh321.htm NDC 906 CERT exh321.htm Exhibit 32.1 AEROCENTURY CORP. CERTIFICATION In connection with this annual report of AeroCentury Corp. (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Report”), I, Neal D. Crispin, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission. March 12, 2015 By: /s/ Neal D. Crispin Name: Neal D. Crispin Title: President & Chief Executive Officer EX-32.2 7 exh322.htm TMP 906 CERT exh322.htm Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION In connection with this annual report of AeroCentury Corp. (the “Company”) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2014, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Report”), I, Toni M. Perazzo, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify as of the date hereof, solely for purposes of Title 18, Chapter 63, Section 1350 of the United States Code, that to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at the dates and for the periods indicated. This Certification has not been, and shall not be deemed, “filed” with the Securities and Exchange Commission. March 12, 2015 By: /s/ Toni M. Perazzo Name: Toni M. Perazzo Title: Sr. V.P. - Finance & Chief Financial Officer EX-101.INS 8 acy-20141231.xml IBRL INSTANCE 0001036848 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 2014-06-30 0001036848 2015-03-12 0001036848 2014-12-31 0001036848 2013-12-31 0001036848 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2012-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2012-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2012-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2012-12-31 0001036848 2012-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:TreasuryStockMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100AndFokker50Member us-gaap:AssetsLeasedToOthersMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100AndFokker50Member us-gaap:AssetsLeasedToOthersMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100AndFokker50Member us-gaap:AssetsHeldForSaleMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100AndFokker50Member us-gaap:AssetsHeldForSaleMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100AndFokker50Member us-gaap:AssetsLeasedToOthersMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100AndFokker50Member us-gaap:AssetsHeldForSaleMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100Member 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker50Member 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100Member 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker50Member 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:RestatementAdjustmentMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:EffectOfChangeMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:RestatementAdjustmentMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:EffectOfChangeMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember 2012-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:RestatementAdjustmentMember 2012-12-31 0001036848 acy:EffectOfChangeMember 2012-12-31 0001036848 2013-01-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierDashOneMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierDashOneMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierCrj700Member 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierCrj700Member 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierCRJ900Member 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierCRJ900Member 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierDashTwoMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierDashTwoMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:ATR42600Member 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:ATR42600Member 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierCrj705Member 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierCrj705Member 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Saab340BPlusMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Saab340BPlusMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker50Member 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:GeneralElectricOneMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:GeneralElectricOneMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker100Member 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Saab340BMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Saab340BMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Tay6515EngineMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Tay6515EngineMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Saab340Member 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Saab340Member 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Saab340Member 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember acy:Fokker100Member 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker50Member us-gaap:AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:Tay6515EngineMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Fokker50Member 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:Saab340BMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:DehavillandDhcOneMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:DehavillandDhcTwoMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:BombardierDashFourMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:GeneralElectricOneMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AssetsHeldForSaleMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AssetsHeldForSaleMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:NorthAmericaMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:NorthAmericaMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AfricaMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AfricaMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:CentralAndSouthAmericaMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:CentralAndSouthAmericaMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AsiaMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AsiaMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 country:AU 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 country:AU 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:NorthAmericaMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:NorthAmericaMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AfricaMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AfricaMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:OffLeaseMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:OffLeaseMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AsiaMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AsiaMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:CentralAndSouthAmericaMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:CentralAndSouthAmericaMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 country:AU 2014-12-31 0001036848 country:AU 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SalesRevenueServicesNetMember acy:CustomerOneMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SalesRevenueServicesNetMember acy:CustomerOneMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:TwoCustomersMember us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:AccountsReceivableMember acy:TwoCustomersMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SalesRevenueServicesNetMember acy:CustomerTwoMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SalesRevenueServicesNetMember acy:CustomerTwoMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SalesRevenueServicesNetMember acy:CustomerThreeMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SalesRevenueServicesNetMember acy:CustomerThreeMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:CustomerFourMember us-gaap:SalesRevenueServicesNetMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SalesRevenueServicesNetMember acy:CustomerFourMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 acy:TwoCustomersMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:TwoCustomersMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2014-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:LineOfCreditMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 2014-07-01 2014-09-30 0001036848 2014-04-01 2014-06-30 0001036848 2009-01-01 2009-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SeriesAPreferredStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:WaiverOfFeesMember acy:JetFleetManagementCorpMember 2014-10-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:JetFleetManagementCorpMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001036848 acy:JetFleetManagementCorpMember 2013-01-01 2013-12-31 0001036848 us-gaap:SubsequentEventMember acy:Fokker50Member 2015-03-31 2015-03-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares acy:Aircraft xbrli:pure acy:Engine acy:Asset acy:Segment acy:Customer acy:Participant false --12-31 2014-12-31 No No Yes Smaller Reporting Company 15332400 AEROCENTURY CORP 0001036848 1543257 2014 FY 10-K 2015-12-31 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2.Change in Accounting Principle</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company previously adopted the direct expensing method under Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) ASC 908, formerly FASB Staff Position AUG AIR-1, <font style="font-style: italic; display: inline;">Accounting for Planned Major Maintenance Activities</font> (&#8220;FSP AUG AIR-1&#8221;) on January 1, 2007.&#160;&#160;Under FSP AUG AIR-1, non-refundable maintenance reserves were recorded as maintenance reserves revenue (assuming cash was received or collection was reasonably assured), and associated maintenance work was recorded as maintenance expense when the work was performed.&#160;&#160;During the first quarter of 2014, the Company evaluated its method of accounting for maintenance reserves and lessor maintenance obligations and elected to change its method of accounting to: </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr valign="top"><td style="width: 54pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; display: inline;"></div></td><td><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify;">(i)&#160;&#160; Recognize non-refundable maintenance reserves as liabilities for deposits against future maintenance reimbursements of maintenance reserves received in the normal course of ongoing leases; </div></td></tr></table></div><div><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr valign="top"><td style="width: 54pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; display: inline;"></div></td><td><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify;">(ii)&#160; Recognize reimbursements from such collected reserves as disbursements against the liability when claims are submitted for payment against previously collected maintenance reserves; </div></td></tr></table></div><div><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr valign="top"><td style="width: 54pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; display: inline;"></div></td><td><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify;">(iii) Reflect as liabilities non-refundable reserves received by the prior lessor upon acquisition of an aircraft, which are claimable by the lessee when maintenance is performed; </div></td></tr></table></div><div><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr valign="top"><td style="width: 54pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; display: inline;"></div></td><td><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify;">(iv) Recognize as income non-refundable reserves not refunded to lessees upon termination of the lease and return of the aircraft to the Company in accordance with all lease return requirements; and </div></td></tr></table></div><div><table align="center" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr valign="top"><td style="width: 54pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; display: inline;"></div></td><td><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify;">(v)&#160; Record lessor maintenance obligations as liabilities upon acquisition of an aircraft subject to a lease under which the Company assumes the prior lessor&#8217;s obligation to pay a portion of a first-time maintenance event.</div></td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">In management&#8217;s judgment, the change to this accounting method is preferable in that it will provide the user of the Company&#8217;s financial statements a better understanding of the underlying business terms<font style="font-size: 10pt; display: inline;">&#160;</font>of the Company&#8217;s leasing transactions and provide additional clarity with respect to the Company&#8217;s sources of income, its non-refundable reserve obligations, and its lessor maintenance obligations.&#160;&#160;The Company has applied the change in method of accounting for maintenance reserves and lessor maintenance obligations to all prior periods presented within the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles relating to accounting changes.&#160;&#160;The change in accounting principle resulted in a cumulative net decrease of $8,088,200 in stockholders&#8217; equity as of January 1, 2013.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The effects on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet at December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="10" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31, 2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As reported</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">previously</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As adjusted</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Effect of change</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Cash and cash equivalents</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,112,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,112,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Accounts receivable, net</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,313,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,303,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(9,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Finance leases receivable</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,895,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,895,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">152,375,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">152,954,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">579,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Assets held for sale</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">735,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">735,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Prepaid expenses and other</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,633,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,633,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total assets</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">164,064,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">164,634,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">569,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Accounts payable and accrued expenses</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,175,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,202,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">27,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Notes payable and accrued interest</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">77,527,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">77,527,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">13,254,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">18,283,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,029,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Security deposits</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,265,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,265,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Unearned revenues</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">646,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">646,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred income taxes</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16,099,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">14,573,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,525,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total liabilities</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">114,968,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">118,499,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,531,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Preferred stock</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Common stock</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Paid-in capital</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">14,780,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">14,780,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Retained earnings</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">34,819,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">31,857,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(2,961,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Treasury stock</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(504,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(504,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total stockholders&#8217; equity</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">49,096,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">46,134,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(2,961,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total liabilities and stockholders&#8217; equity</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">164,064,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">164,634,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">569,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The effects on the Company&#8217;s statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="10" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Year Ended</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;December 31, 2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As reported</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">previously</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As adjusted</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Effect of</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">change</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Operating lease revenue, net</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">18,794,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">18,794,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance reserves income, net</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,878,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">14,910,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,032,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Gain on disposal of assets and other income</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,527,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,527,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">32,199,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">38,231,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,032,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,765,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,962,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,802,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Depreciation</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,312,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,363,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">50,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Management fees</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,352,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,369,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Interest</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,075,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,075,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Professional fees, general and administrative and other</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,532,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,532,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Insurance</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,166,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,166,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Other taxes</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">90,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">90,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">27,293,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">25,558,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,735,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Income before taxes</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,905,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">12,673,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,767,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Tax provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,688,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,329,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,640,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net income</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,217,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,343,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,126,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Earnings per share:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;Basic</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2.08</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5.41</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3.33</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;Diluted</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2.03</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5.26</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3.23</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The effects on the Company&#8217;s statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="10" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 34%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Year Ended</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31, 2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As reported</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">previously</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As adjusted</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Effect of</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">change</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Operating activities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;Net income</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,217,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,343,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,126,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;provided by operating activities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Net gain on disposal of assets</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(3,808,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(3,808,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Depreciation</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,312,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,363,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">50,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Non-cash interest</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,113,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,113,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Deferred income taxes</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,680,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,321,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,640,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Changes in operating assets and liabilities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Accounts receivable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(106,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(96,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Finance lease receivable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">246,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">246,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Income taxes receivable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Prepaid expenses and other</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(772,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(772,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Accounts payable and accrued expenses</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(40,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(23,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Accrued interest on notes payable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(38,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(38,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Maintenance reserves and accrued costs</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,284,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(9,128,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(7,844,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Security deposits</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(525,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(525,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Unearned revenue</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(105,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(105,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Income taxes payable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(19,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(19,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net cash provided by operating activities</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,872,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,872,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Investing activities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;engines held for lease,&#160;&#160;net of re-sale fees</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10,018,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10,018,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;net of re-sale fees</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">945,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">945,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(24,965,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(24,965,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net cash used in investing activities</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(14,001,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(14,001,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Financing activities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Borrowings under Credit Facility</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19,000,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19,000,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Repayments of Credit Facility</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(9,300,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(9,300,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Debt issuance costs</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(2,055,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(2,055,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net cash provided by financing activities</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,645,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,645,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net increase in cash and cash equivalents</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">515,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">515,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,596,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,596,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Cash and cash equivalents, end of year</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,112,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,112,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> 1130000 1231500 2128600 3303800 3313700 3303800 -9900 2818200 1202700 1175300 1202700 27400 14780100 14780100 14780100 14780100 0 0 0 3864900 4369300 4352400 4369300 16900 18736500 0 3124200 0 15612300 0 15278900 333400 2906400 217800 11718700 6800000 201774900 164634300 164064800 164634300 569500 6522900 735000 735000 735000 0 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(a)The Company and Basis of Presentation</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">AeroCentury Corp. ("the Company'), a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1997, typically acquires used regional aircraft and engines for lease to foreign and domestic regional carriers.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As discussed in Note 2, during the first quarter of 2014, the Company changed its method of accounting for non-refundable maintenance reserves and certain lessor maintenance obligations.&#160;&#160;The Company has applied this change in accounting principle retrospectively to all periods presented in accordance with ASC 250, <font style="font-style: italic; display: inline;">Accounting Changes and Error Corrections </font>(&#8220;ASC 250&#8221;).</div></div> 0 1895200 1895200 1895200 0 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(c)Cash and cash equivalents</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company considers highly liquid investments readily convertible into known amounts of cash, with original maturities of 90 days or less from the date of acquisition, as cash equivalents. </div></div> -272200 515900 515900 515900 0 1840500 2112700 1596800 2112700 2112700 0 1596800 1596800 0 1044300 1842000 8.75 81224 0.001 0.001 1600 1600 1600 1600 0 1606557 1606557 10000000 10000000 1 1606557 1606557 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(k)Comprehensive (Loss)/Income</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company does not have any comprehensive income other than the revenue and expense items included in the statements of operations.&#160;&#160;As a result, comprehensive (loss)/income equals net (loss)/income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">6.Concentration of Credit Risk</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits and receivables.&#160;&#160;The Company places its deposits with financial institutions and other creditworthy issuers and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one party.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the year ended December 31, 2014 the Company had four significant customers, which accounted for 20%, 18%, 14% and 11%, respectively, of lease revenue.&#160;&#160;For the year ended December 31, 2013 the Company had four significant customers, which accounted for 23%, 19%, 11% and 10%, respectively, of lease revenue.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">At December 31, 2014, the Company had receivables from two customers totaling $1,130,000, representing 56% of the Company&#8217;s total receivables.&#160;&#160;The two customers paid the amounts owed in full in early 2015.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">At December 31, 2013, the Company had receivables from two customers totaling $1,231,500, representing 40% of the Company&#8217;s total receivables, all of which was paid in 2014. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As of December 31, 2014, minimum future lease revenue payments receivable under noncancelable leases were as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 60%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: 1pt double; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; text-decoration: underline; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Years ending</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 88%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2015</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">22,938,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2016</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">21,300,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2017</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17,937,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2018</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">13,719,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2019</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">12,860,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Thereafter</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">37,596,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 88%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">126,352,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> 0.2 0.23 0.56 0.4 0.18 0.19 0.14 0.11 0.11 0.1 800 800 0 7100 0 0 800 7900 5218300 6265000 6265000 6265000 0 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">7.Notes Payable and Accrued Interest</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company&#8217;s notes payable and accrued interest consisted of the following:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 60%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Credit Facility principal</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">133,400,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">77,500,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Credit Facility accrued interest</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">190,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">27,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">133,590,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">77,527,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company's Credit Facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and is secured by all of the assets of the Company, including its aircraft and engine portfolio.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">In November 2013, the Company obtained a waiver of compliance with a customer concentration covenant under its Credit Facility at the September 30, 2013 and December 31, 2013 calculation dates.&#160;&#160;The Company was in compliance with all covenants other than the waived covenant under the Credit Facility agreement at December 31, 2013.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During May 2014, the Company&#8217;s Credit Facility was increased from $130 million to $180 million and extended through May 31, 2019. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company was out of compliance with a profitability covenant at June 30, 2014, primarily as a result of the Company recording aircraft impairment charges on aircraft totaling $6,800,000 during the quarter then ended.&#160;&#160;&#160;In August 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to an amendment to the profitability covenant, which cured the June 30, 2014 non-compliance.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company was out of compliance with the profitability, interest coverage and debt service coverage covenants at September 30, 2014, resulting primarily from the Company recording additional aircraft impairment charges on aircraft totaling $11,718,700 during the third quarter of 2014.&#160;&#160;In November 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to an amendment to the Credit Facility, which cured the September 30, 2014 non-compliance, revised the compliance requirements through September 30, 2015, decreased the amount of the Credit Facility to $150 million due to the departure of two participant lenders, and decreased the maximum amount to which the Credit Facility can be expanded from $200 million to $180 million.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The unused amount of the Credit Facility was $16,600,000 and $52,500,000 as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Facility was 3.58% and 3.94% at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively.</div></div> 0.0358 0.0394 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(g)Deferred Financing Costs and Commitment Fees</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Costs incurred in connection with debt financing are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt using the effective interest method or, in certain instances where the differences are not material, using the straight-line method.&#160;&#160;Costs incurred in connection with the Company&#8217;s Credit Facility are deferred and amortized using the straight-line method.&#160;&#160;Commitment fees for unused funds are expensed as incurred.&#160;&#160;</div></div> 8621300 14573800 16099700 14573800 -1525900 -5854400 4478800 -5952600 4321300 1680500 4321300 2640800 -98200 1100 -8621300 -14573800 1642200 646700 646700 646700 0 111300 217200 3110800 3615700 961100 490100 2138900 1813900 10800 100800 0 1210900 0 649500 10450000 17540000 1282100 0 7299000 7363100 7312500 7363100 50600 7299000 7363100 7312500 7363100 50600 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">10.Computation of Earnings Per Share</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(As adjusted)</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net (loss)/income</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(11,294,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,343,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Weighted average shares outstanding for the period</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,543,257</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,543,257</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Dilutive effect of warrants</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">43,779</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Weighted average diluted shares used in calculation</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;of diluted (loss)/earnings per share</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,543,257</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,587,036</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Basic (loss)/earnings per share</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(7.32</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5.41</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Diluted (loss)/earnings per share</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(7.32</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5.26</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Basic earnings per common share is computed using net income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.&#160;&#160;Diluted earnings per common share are computed using net income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, assuming dilution.&#160;&#160;Weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution, include potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares include the assumed exercise of warrants using the treasury stock method.&#160;&#160;For the year ended December 31, 2014, warrants for 81,224 shares were not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive.</div></div> -7.32 5.41 2.08 5.41 3.33 -7.32 5.26 2.03 5.26 3.23 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(e)Fair Value Measurements</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent possible. The fair value hierarchy under GAAP is based on three levels of inputs. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; text-decoration: underline;">Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The carrying amount of the Company's money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents was $1,044,300 and $1,842,000 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013.&#160;&#160;The fair value of the Company's money market funds would be categorized as Level 1 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.</div><div style="text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, there were no liabilities that were required to be measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; text-decoration: underline;">Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company determines fair value of long-lived assets held and used, such as aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease and held for sale, by reference to independent appraisals, quoted market prices (e.g., offers to purchase) and other factors. An impairment charge is recorded when the Company believes that the carrying value of an asset will not be recovered through future net cash flows and that the carrying value exceeds its fair value.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014, based on appraised values, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $3,124,200&#160;for two Fokker 100 aircraft and two Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for lease,&#160;resulting in a carrying&#160;value of $7,837,300.&#160;&#160;The fair value of&#160;such assets would be categorized as Level 2 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.&#160;&#160;No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease in 2013.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014, based on management's estimate of&#160;realizable value, the Company&#160;recorded impairment charges totaling $15,612,300 for five Fokker 100 aircraft&#160;and one Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for sale,&#160;resulting in a carrying&#160;value of $6,100,000. The fair value of such assets would be categorized as&#160;Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.&#160;&#160;No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for sale in 2013.</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; text-decoration: underline;">Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s financial instruments, other than cash and cash equivalents, consist principally of finance leases receivable and amounts borrowed under its credit facility (the &#8220;Credit Facility,&#8221; as defined in Note 7).&#160;&#160;The fair value of accounts receivable, finance leases receivable, accounts payable and the Company&#8217;s maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs approximates the carrying value of these financial instruments.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Borrowings under the Company&#8217;s Credit Facility bear floating rates of interest that reset periodically to a market benchmark rate plus a credit margin.&#160;&#160;The Company believes the effective interest rate of this debt agreement approximates current market rates for such indebtedness at the balance sheet date, and therefore that the carrying amount of its floating rate debt at the balance sheet dates approximates its fair value.&#160;&#160;The fair value of the Company&#8217;s outstanding balance of its Credit Facility would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.</div></div> 3147200 3808200 -3808200 -3808200 0 3147200 4504200 -769300 475000 1255300 1166400 1166400 1166400 0 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(f)Impairment of Long-lived Assets</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company reviews assets for impairment when there has been an event or a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. In addition, the Company routinely reviews all long-lived assets for impairment annually. Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the future estimated undiscounted cash flows (without interest charges) that the asset is expected to generate.&#160;&#160;Estimates are based on currently available market data and independent appraisals and are subject to fluctuation from time to time.&#160;&#160;If these estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset at the time of evaluation, any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.&#160; Fair value is determined by reference to independent appraisals and other factors considered relevant by management. Significant management judgment is required in the forecasting of future operating results that are used in the preparation of estimated future undiscounted cash flows and, if different conditions prevail in the future, material write-downs may occur.&#160;&#160;As discussed in <font style="font-style: italic; display: inline;">(e) Fair Value Measurements</font> above, the Company recorded impairment provisions totaling $18,736,500 in 2014.&#160;&#160;No impairment provisions were recorded in 2013.</div></div> -17245800 12673100 4905900 12673100 7767200 -5951800 4329200 1688400 4329200 2640800 0 -158600 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">9. Income Taxes</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The items comprising the income tax provision are as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 60%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="width: 22%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(As adjusted)</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Current tax provision:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Federal</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">State</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Foreign</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Current tax provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax (benefit)/provision:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Federal</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,854,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,478,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">State</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(98,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Decrease in valuation allowance</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(158,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax (benefit)/provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,952,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,321,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total income tax (benefit)/provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,951,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,329,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total income tax expense differs from the amount that would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pretax earnings as illustrated below:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(As adjusted)</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Income tax (benefit)/provision at statutory federal income tax rate</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,863,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,308,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">State tax (benefit)/provision, net of federal benefit</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(97,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Prior year withholding tax adjustment</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">174,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Decrease in valuation allowance</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(158,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Other</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(15,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total income tax (benefit)/provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,951,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,329,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Temporary differences and carry-forwards that give rise to a significant portion of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;</div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(As adjusted)</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax assets:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance reserves</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,138,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,813,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Foreign tax credit carryover</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,210,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Alternative minimum tax credit</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">100,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bad debt allowance and other</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">961,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">490,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 36pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax assets</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,110,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,615,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax liabilities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Accumulated depreciation on aircraft and aircraft engines</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(10,450,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(17,540,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Minimum lease payments receivable</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(649,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Deferred income</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,282,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 36pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net deferred tax liabilities</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(8,621,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(14,573,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr></table></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">All foreign tax credit carryovers were used to offset federal tax expense in 2014.&#160;&#160;The foreign tax credit carryovers are expected to expire between 2016 and 2022.&#160;&#160;A significant portion of the alternative minimum tax credit was used to offset federal tax expense in the current year.&#160;&#160;The remaining alternative minimum tax credit will be available to offset federal tax expense in excess of the alternative minimum tax in future years and does not expire.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company had no material uncertain tax positions.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company accounts for interest related to uncertain tax positions as interest expense, and for income tax penalties as tax expense.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">All of the Company's tax years remain open to examination other than as barred in the various jurisdictions by statutes of limitation.</div></div> 800 800 0 174600 -5863600 4308900 -97500 19400 9300 -15100 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(i)Taxes</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As part of the process of preparing the Company&#8217;s financial statements, management estimates income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.&#160;&#160;This process involves estimating the Company&#8217;s current tax exposure under the most recent tax laws and assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and GAAP purposes.&#160;&#160;These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the balance sheet.&#160;&#160;Management also assesses the likelihood that the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent management believes it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, the Company establishes a valuation allowance.&#160;&#160;To the extent the Company establishes a valuation allowance or changes the allowance in a period, the Company reflects the corresponding increase or decrease within the tax provision in the statement of operations. Significant management judgment is required in determining the Company&#8217;s future taxable income for purposes of assessing the Company&#8217;s ability to realize any benefit from its deferred taxes.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company accrues non-income based sales, use, value added and franchise taxes as other tax expense in the statements of operations. </div></div> 498000 96100 106000 96100 -9900 0 -19100 -19100 -19100 0 -2167700 -525200 -525200 -525200 0 -132400 -23400 -40300 -23400 16900 163300 -38400 -38400 -38400 0 -1895200 -246000 -246000 -246000 0 0 -2000 -2000 -2000 0 -486700 772400 772400 772400 0 -210200 105700 105700 105700 0 0 43779 190600 27300 5134200 4075000 4075000 4075000 0 150000 175700 4117900 3077100 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(l)Finance Leases</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The lease for one of the Company&#8217;s aircraft contained a lessee purchase option at a price substantially below the asset's estimated residual value at the exercise date for the option.&#160;&#160;Consequently, the Company considered the purchase option to be a &#8220;bargain purchase option&#8221; and classified the lease as a finance lease for financial accounting purposes.&#160;&#160;The Company does not include the value, purchase price or accumulated depreciation of finance lease assets on its balance sheet.&#160;&#160;Instead, the discounted present value of (i) future minimum lease payments (including the bargain purchase option) and (ii) any residual value not subject to a bargain purchase option are reported as a finance lease receivable.&#160;&#160;Rental revenue and depreciation expense are not recognized on finance leases.&#160;&#160;Rather, the Company accrues interest on the balance of the finance lease receivable based on the interest rate inherent in the applicable lease.&#160;&#160;&#160;The aircraft that was subject to a finance lease was sold to the lessee during 2014.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Two engines that were previously subject to finance leases were returned to the Company during 2014 and the finance lease receivable balances were reclassified to aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company recognized interest earned on finance leases as &#8220;other income&#8221; in the amount of $150,000 and $175,700 in 2014 and 2013, respectively.</div></div> 201774900 164634300 164064800 164634300 569500 0 0 166934000 118499400 114968100 118499400 3531300 133400000 77500000 180000000 2019-05-31 150000000 16600000 52500000 3393600 14910400 8878300 14910400 6032100 7478400 6962400 8765000 6962400 -1802600 -11294000 8343900 0 0 8343900 0 0 0 -11294000 0 3217500 8343900 5126400 5235400 6872600 6872600 6872600 0 52854500 7645000 7645000 7645000 0 -58362100 -14001700 -14001700 -14001700 0 8088200 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(m)Recent Accounting Pronouncements</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">On May 28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (the "ASU") that created the new Topic 606 in the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC").&#160;&#160;The ASU also included numerous conforming additions and amendments to other Topics within the ASC.&#160;&#160;Topic 606 establishes new rules that affect the amount and timing of revenue recognition for contracts with customers, but does not affect lease accounting and reporting.&#160;&#160;As such, adoption of these provisions will not affect the Company's lease revenues but may affect the reporting of other of the Company's revenues.&#160;&#160;The provisions included in the ASU are effective for years commencing after December 15, 2016, cannot be adopted early, and may be reflected using either a full retrospective method or a simplified method that does not recast prior periods but does disclose the effect of the adoption on the current period financial statements.&#160;&#160;The Company has not determined either the potential impact on its financial statements nor the method it will elect to use in connection with the adoption of the changes included in the ASU.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">On August 27, 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern," which added Subtopic 205-40 to the ASC (the "Subtopic").&#160;&#160;This Subtopic requires management to determine whether substantial doubt exists concerning the reporting entity's ability to continue as a going concern, in which case certain disclosures will be required.&#160;&#160;The Subtopic affects financial statement presentation but not methods of accounting, and is effective on a prospective basis for annual periods ending after December 2016 and each reporting period thereafter, although early adoption is permitted.&#160;&#160;The Company has not early adopted the Subtopic.</div></div> 1 45952300 25558500 27293600 25558500 -1735100 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">3.Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(a)Assets Held for Lease</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company&#8217;s aircraft and aircraft engines, which were on lease or held for lease, consisted of the following:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31, 2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31, 2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Number</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">% of net</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Number</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">% of net</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Model</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">owned</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">book value</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">owned</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">book value</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier Dash-8-300</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">23</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier CRJ-700</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier CRJ-900</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier Dash-8-Q400</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">13</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">ATR 42-600</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier CRJ-705</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">12</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Saab 340B Plus</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Fokker 50</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">General Electric CF34-8E5 engine</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Fokker 100</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Saab 340B</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Tay 650-15 engine</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">General Electric CT7-9B engine</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Saab 340A</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Assets subject to finance leases are not included in the net book value of assets held for lease.&#160;&#160;Therefore, the Company&#8217;s single Saab 340A aircraft and two General Electric CT7-9B engines, which were subject to finance leases in 2013, are not included in the net book value calculation as of December 31, 2013.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014, based on appraised values, the Company recorded impairment charges on assets held for lease totaling $2,906,400 and $217,800 on two Fokker 100 and two Fokker 50 aircraft, respectively.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014 and 2013, the Company used cash of $74,529,000 and $24,965,500, respectively, for the purchase and capital improvement of aircraft and engines.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014, the Company recorded net gains totaling $3,147,200 from the sale of three Fokker 50 aircraft, five Saab 340B aircraft, one Bombardier Dash-8-300 aircraft and one General Electric CF34-8E5 engine.&#160;&#160;During 2013, the Company recorded net gains totaling $4,504,200 from the sale of three Fokker 50 aircraft, a deHavilland DHC-8-100 aircraft, a deHavilland DHC-6 aircraft and a General Electric CT7-9B engine.&#160;&#160;The Company also leased an engine pursuant to a finance lease in 2013 and recorded a gain of $73,300.&#160;&#160;In addition, the Company recorded a loss of $769,300 in 2013 on the disposal of a Tay 650-15 engine, which was replaced by one of the Company's spare engines.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014, the Company extended the leases for nine of its assets and leased two assets that had been off lease at December 31, 2013. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">In May 2014, six Saab 340B Plus aircraft and two General Electric CT7-9B engines were returned by a customer when it ceased operations.&#160;&#160;Two of the aircraft have been re-leased.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(a)Assets Held for Lease (continued)</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Ten of the Company&#8217;s assets that are held for lease were off lease at December 31, 2014, representing 10% of the net book value of the Company&#8217;s aircraft and engines held for lease.&#160;&#160;Such assets were comprised of four Saab 340B Plus aircraft, one Saab 340B aircraft, and five engines.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(b)Assets Held for Sale</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Assets held for sale include two Saab 340B airframes, which are being sold in parts, as well as five Fokker 100 aircraft and a Fokker 50 aircraft. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014 and 2013, the Company received $312,100 and $945,100, respectively, from the sale of parts belonging to the two airframes, which proceeds reduced their carrying value.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $15,278,900 and $333,400 related to five Fokker 100 aircraft and one Fokker 50 aircraft, respectively. At December 31, 2014, five of the Fokker 100 aircraft and one of the Fokker 50 aircraft were classified as held for sale on the Company's balance sheet.&#160;&#160;As discussed in Note 13, the Company sold the Fokker 50 aircraft in March 2015.</div></div> 126352200 21913300 18794200 18794200 18794200 0 6423700 1542000 5183600 5454700 3533300 4233000 3460400 4149000 2952300 3415500 360000 0 13719200 21300400 37596300 22938700 12860000 17937600 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">1.Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(a)The Company and Basis of Presentation</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">AeroCentury Corp. ("the Company'), a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1997, typically acquires used regional aircraft and engines for lease to foreign and domestic regional carriers.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As discussed in Note 2, during the first quarter of 2014, the Company changed its method of accounting for non-refundable maintenance reserves and certain lessor maintenance obligations.&#160;&#160;The Company has applied this change in accounting principle retrospectively to all periods presented in accordance with ASC 250, <font style="font-style: italic; display: inline;">Accounting Changes and Error Corrections </font>(&#8220;ASC 250&#8221;).</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(b)Use of Estimates</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.&#160;&#160;Actual results could differ from those estimates.&#160;&#160;The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable for making judgments that are not readily apparent from other sources.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The most significant estimates with regard to these financial statements are the residual values and useful lives of the assets, the amount and timing of cash flows associated with each asset that are used to evaluate whether assets are impaired, accrued maintenance costs, accounting for income taxes, and the amounts recorded as allowances for doubtful accounts.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(c)Cash and cash equivalents</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company considers highly liquid investments readily convertible into known amounts of cash, with original maturities of 90 days or less from the date of acquisition, as cash equivalents. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(d)Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s interests in aircraft and aircraft engines are recorded at cost, which includes acquisition costs.&#160;&#160;Since inception, the Company has typically purchased only used aircraft and aircraft engines.&#160;&#160;It is the Company&#8217;s policy to hold aircraft for approximately twelve years unless market conditions dictate otherwise.&#160;&#160;Therefore, depreciation of aircraft is initially computed using the straight-line method over the anticipated holding period, usually twelve years, to an estimated residual value based on appraisal. For an aircraft engine held for lease as a spare, the Company estimates the length of time that it will hold the aircraft engine based upon estimated usage, repair costs and other factors, and depreciates it to the appraised residual value over such period using the straight-line method.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company periodically reviews plans for lease or sale of its aircraft and aircraft engines and changes, as appropriate, the remaining expected holding period for such assets.&#160;&#160;Estimated residual values are reviewed and adjusted periodically, based upon updated estimates obtained from an independent appraiser.&#160;&#160;Decreases in the fair value of aircraft could affect not only the current value, discussed below, but also the estimated residual value.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Assets that are held for sale are not subject to depreciation and are separately classified on the balance sheet.&#160;&#160;Such assets are carried at the lower of their carrying value or estimated fair values, less costs to sell.</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(e)Fair Value Measurements</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent possible. The fair value hierarchy under GAAP is based on three levels of inputs. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; text-decoration: underline;">Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The carrying amount of the Company's money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents was $1,044,300 and $1,842,000 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013.&#160;&#160;The fair value of the Company's money market funds would be categorized as Level 1 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.</div><div style="text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, there were no liabilities that were required to be measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; text-decoration: underline;">Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company determines fair value of long-lived assets held and used, such as aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease and held for sale, by reference to independent appraisals, quoted market prices (e.g., offers to purchase) and other factors. An impairment charge is recorded when the Company believes that the carrying value of an asset will not be recovered through future net cash flows and that the carrying value exceeds its fair value.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014, based on appraised values, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $3,124,200&#160;for two Fokker 100 aircraft and two Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for lease,&#160;resulting in a carrying&#160;value of $7,837,300.&#160;&#160;The fair value of&#160;such assets would be categorized as Level 2 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.&#160;&#160;No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease in 2013.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">During 2014, based on management's estimate of&#160;realizable value, the Company&#160;recorded impairment charges totaling $15,612,300 for five Fokker 100 aircraft&#160;and one Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for sale,&#160;resulting in a carrying&#160;value of $6,100,000. The fair value of such assets would be categorized as&#160;Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.&#160;&#160;No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for sale in 2013.</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt; text-decoration: underline;">Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s financial instruments, other than cash and cash equivalents, consist principally of finance leases receivable and amounts borrowed under its credit facility (the &#8220;Credit Facility,&#8221; as defined in Note 7).&#160;&#160;The fair value of accounts receivable, finance leases receivable, accounts payable and the Company&#8217;s maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs approximates the carrying value of these financial instruments.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Borrowings under the Company&#8217;s Credit Facility bear floating rates of interest that reset periodically to a market benchmark rate plus a credit margin.&#160;&#160;The Company believes the effective interest rate of this debt agreement approximates current market rates for such indebtedness at the balance sheet date, and therefore that the carrying amount of its floating rate debt at the balance sheet dates approximates its fair value.&#160;&#160;The fair value of the Company&#8217;s outstanding balance of its Credit Facility would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(f)Impairment of Long-lived Assets</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company reviews assets for impairment when there has been an event or a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. In addition, the Company routinely reviews all long-lived assets for impairment annually. Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the future estimated undiscounted cash flows (without interest charges) that the asset is expected to generate.&#160;&#160;Estimates are based on currently available market data and independent appraisals and are subject to fluctuation from time to time.&#160;&#160;If these estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset at the time of evaluation, any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.&#160; Fair value is determined by reference to independent appraisals and other factors considered relevant by management. Significant management judgment is required in the forecasting of future operating results that are used in the preparation of estimated future undiscounted cash flows and, if different conditions prevail in the future, material write-downs may occur.&#160;&#160;As discussed in <font style="font-style: italic; display: inline;">(e) Fair Value Measurements</font> above, the Company recorded impairment provisions totaling $18,736,500 in 2014.&#160;&#160;No impairment provisions were recorded in 2013.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(g)Deferred Financing Costs and Commitment Fees</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Costs incurred in connection with debt financing are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt using the effective interest method or, in certain instances where the differences are not material, using the straight-line method.&#160;&#160;Costs incurred in connection with the Company&#8217;s Credit Facility are deferred and amortized using the straight-line method.&#160;&#160;Commitment fees for unused funds are expensed as incurred.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(h)Security deposits</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s leases are typically structured so that if any event of default occurs under a lease, the Company may apply all or a portion of the lessee&#8217;s security deposit to cure such default.&#160;&#160;If such application of the security deposit is made, the lessee typically is required to replenish and maintain the full amount of the deposit during the remaining term of the lease.&#160;&#160;All of the security deposits received by the Company are refundable to the lessee at the end of the lease upon satisfaction of all lease terms.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(i)Taxes</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As part of the process of preparing the Company&#8217;s financial statements, management estimates income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates.&#160;&#160;This process involves estimating the Company&#8217;s current tax exposure under the most recent tax laws and assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and GAAP purposes.&#160;&#160;These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the balance sheet.&#160;&#160;Management also assesses the likelihood that the Company&#8217;s deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent management believes it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, the Company establishes a valuation allowance.&#160;&#160;To the extent the Company establishes a valuation allowance or changes the allowance in a period, the Company reflects the corresponding increase or decrease within the tax provision in the statement of operations. Significant management judgment is required in determining the Company&#8217;s future taxable income for purposes of assessing the Company&#8217;s ability to realize any benefit from its deferred taxes.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company accrues non-income based sales, use, value added and franchise taxes as other tax expense in the statements of operations. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(j)Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Revenue from leasing of aircraft assets is recognized as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the terms of the applicable lease agreements. Deferred payments are recorded as accrued rent when the cash rent received is lower than the straight-line revenue recognized. Such receivables decrease over the term of the applicable leases.&#160;&#160;Interest income is recognized on finance leases based on the interest rate implicit in the lease and the outstanding balance of the lease receivable.&#160;&#160;Maintenance reserves retained by the Company at lease-end are recognized as maintenance reserves revenue.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">In instances where collectability is not reasonably assured, the Company recognizes revenue as cash payments are received.&#160;&#160;The Company estimates and charges to income a provision for bad debts based on its experience with each specific customer, the amount and length of payment arrearages, and its analysis of the lessee&#8217;s overall financial condition.&#160;&#160;If the financial condition of any of the Company&#8217;s customers deteriorates, it could result in actual losses exceeding any estimated allowances.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2014 and 2013.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(k)Comprehensive (Loss)/Income</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company does not have any comprehensive income other than the revenue and expense items included in the statements of operations.&#160;&#160;As a result, comprehensive (loss)/income equals net (loss)/income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(l)Finance Leases</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The lease for one of the Company&#8217;s aircraft contained a lessee purchase option at a price substantially below the asset's estimated residual value at the exercise date for the option.&#160;&#160;Consequently, the Company considered the purchase option to be a &#8220;bargain purchase option&#8221; and classified the lease as a finance lease for financial accounting purposes.&#160;&#160;The Company does not include the value, purchase price or accumulated depreciation of finance lease assets on its balance sheet.&#160;&#160;Instead, the discounted present value of (i) future minimum lease payments (including the bargain purchase option) and (ii) any residual value not subject to a bargain purchase option are reported as a finance lease receivable.&#160;&#160;Rental revenue and depreciation expense are not recognized on finance leases.&#160;&#160;Rather, the Company accrues interest on the balance of the finance lease receivable based on the interest rate inherent in the applicable lease.&#160;&#160;&#160;The aircraft that was subject to a finance lease was sold to the lessee during 2014.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Two engines that were previously subject to finance leases were returned to the Company during 2014 and the finance lease receivable balances were reclassified to aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company recognized interest earned on finance leases as &#8220;other income&#8221; in the amount of $150,000 and $175,700 in 2014 and 2013, respectively.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(m)Recent Accounting Pronouncements</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">On May 28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (the "ASU") that created the new Topic 606 in the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC").&#160;&#160;The ASU also included numerous conforming additions and amendments to other Topics within the ASC.&#160;&#160;Topic 606 establishes new rules that affect the amount and timing of revenue recognition for contracts with customers, but does not affect lease accounting and reporting.&#160;&#160;As such, adoption of these provisions will not affect the Company's lease revenues but may affect the reporting of other of the Company's revenues.&#160;&#160;The provisions included in the ASU are effective for years commencing after December 15, 2016, cannot be adopted early, and may be reflected using either a full retrospective method or a simplified method that does not recast prior periods but does disclose the effect of the adoption on the current period financial statements.&#160;&#160;The Company has not determined either the potential impact on its financial statements nor the method it will elect to use in connection with the adoption of the changes included in the ASU.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">On August 27, 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern," which added Subtopic 205-40 to the ASC (the "Subtopic").&#160;&#160;This Subtopic requires management to determine whether substantial doubt exists concerning the reporting entity's ability to continue as a going concern, in which case certain disclosures will be required.&#160;&#160;The Subtopic affects financial statement presentation but not methods of accounting, and is effective on a prospective basis for annual periods ending after December 2016 and each reporting period thereafter, although early adoption is permitted.&#160;&#160;The Company has not early adopted the Subtopic.</div></div> 950100 1113600 1113600 1113600 0 252400 718800 74529000 24965500 74529000 24965500 24965500 24965500 0 3045500 2055000 2055000 2055000 0 0.001 0.001 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2000000 2000000 0 0 4520300 3633000 3633000 3633000 0 71100000 19000000 19000000 19000000 0 15854800 10018700 10018700 10018700 0 312100 945100 945100 945100 0 312100 945100 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(d)Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s interests in aircraft and aircraft engines are recorded at cost, which includes acquisition costs.&#160;&#160;Since inception, the Company has typically purchased only used aircraft and aircraft engines.&#160;&#160;It is the Company&#8217;s policy to hold aircraft for approximately twelve years unless market conditions dictate otherwise.&#160;&#160;Therefore, depreciation of aircraft is initially computed using the straight-line method over the anticipated holding period, usually twelve years, to an estimated residual value based on appraisal. For an aircraft engine held for lease as a spare, the Company estimates the length of time that it will hold the aircraft engine based upon estimated usage, repair costs and other factors, and depreciates it to the appraised residual value over such period using the straight-line method.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company periodically reviews plans for lease or sale of its aircraft and aircraft engines and changes, as appropriate, the remaining expected holding period for such assets.&#160;&#160;Estimated residual values are reviewed and adjusted periodically, based upon updated estimates obtained from an independent appraiser.&#160;&#160;Decreases in the fair value of aircraft could affect not only the current value, discussed below, but also the estimated residual value.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Assets that are held for sale are not subject to depreciation and are separately classified on the balance sheet.&#160;&#160;Such assets are carried at the lower of their carrying value or estimated fair values, less costs to sell.</div></div> P12Y 3 3 5 1 1 1 38962800 50679300 186762600 152954600 7837300 6100000 152375200 152954600 579400 65423400 17779000 43468700 20384700 28858200 29951800 17106000 34446300 16588900 31068800 10146100 19324000 5171300 0 0 357600 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">11.&#160;&#160;&#160; Related Party Transactions</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s portfolio of leased aircraft assets is managed and administered under the terms of a management agreement with JetFleet Management Corp. (&#8220;JMC&#8221;), which is an integrated aircraft management, marketing and financing business and a subsidiary of JetFleet Holding Corp. ("JHC").&#160;&#160;Certain officers of the Company are also officers of JHC and JMC and hold significant ownership positions in both JHC and the Company. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Under the management agreement, JMC receives a monthly management fee based on the net asset value of the assets under management. Such fee, totaling approximately $1,200,000, was waived by JMC for the fourth quarter of 2014.&#160;&#160;JMC also receives an acquisition fee for locating assets for the Company.&#160;&#160;Acquisition fees are included in the cost basis of the asset purchased.&#160;&#160;JMC may receive a remarketing fee in connection with the re-lease or sale of the Company&#8217;s assets. Remarketing fees are amortized over the applicable lease term or included in the gain or loss on sale.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Fees incurred during 2014 and 2013 were as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Management fees, net of approximately $1,200,000 </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;of fees waived by JMC in 2014</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,864,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,369,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Acquisition fees</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,100,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">799,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Remarketing fees</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">64,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">589,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> 2100000 799000 1200000 3864900 4369300 15200000 9300000 9300000 9300000 0 20563300 31857300 34819100 31857300 -2961800 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(j)Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Revenue from leasing of aircraft assets is recognized as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the terms of the applicable lease agreements. Deferred payments are recorded as accrued rent when the cash rent received is lower than the straight-line revenue recognized. Such receivables decrease over the term of the applicable leases.&#160;&#160;Interest income is recognized on finance leases based on the interest rate implicit in the lease and the outstanding balance of the lease receivable.&#160;&#160;Maintenance reserves retained by the Company at lease-end are recognized as maintenance reserves revenue.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">In instances where collectability is not reasonably assured, the Company recognizes revenue as cash payments are received.&#160;&#160;The Company estimates and charges to income a provision for bad debts based on its experience with each specific customer, the amount and length of payment arrearages, and its analysis of the lessee&#8217;s overall financial condition.&#160;&#160;If the financial condition of any of the Company&#8217;s customers deteriorates, it could result in actual losses exceeding any estimated allowances.&#160;&#160;</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2014 and 2013.</div></div> 28706500 38231600 32199500 38231600 6032100 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The items comprising the income tax provision are as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 60%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="width: 22%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(As adjusted)</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Current tax provision:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Federal</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">State</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Foreign</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Current tax provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax (benefit)/provision:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Federal</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,854,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,478,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">State</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(98,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Decrease in valuation allowance</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(158,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax (benefit)/provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,952,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,321,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total income tax (benefit)/provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,951,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,329,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company&#8217;s notes payable and accrued interest consisted of the following:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 60%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Credit Facility principal</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">133,400,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">77,500,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Credit Facility accrued interest</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">190,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">27,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">133,590,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">77,527,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total income tax expense differs from the amount that would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pretax earnings as illustrated below:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(As adjusted)</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Income tax (benefit)/provision at statutory federal income tax rate</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,863,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,308,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">State tax (benefit)/provision, net of federal benefit</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(97,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Prior year withholding tax adjustment</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">174,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Decrease in valuation allowance</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(158,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Other</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(15,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total income tax (benefit)/provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(5,951,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,329,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Temporary differences and carry-forwards that give rise to a significant portion of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;</div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(As adjusted)</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax assets:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance reserves</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,138,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,813,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Foreign tax credit carryover</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,210,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Alternative minimum tax credit</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">100,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bad debt allowance and other</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">961,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">490,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 36pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax assets</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,110,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,615,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred tax liabilities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 18pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Accumulated depreciation on aircraft and aircraft engines</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(10,450,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(17,540,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Minimum lease payments receivable</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(649,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Deferred income</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,282,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 36pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net deferred tax liabilities</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(8,621,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(14,573,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Fees incurred during 2014 and 2013 were as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Management fees, net of approximately $1,200,000 </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;of fees waived by JMC in 2014</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,864,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,369,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Acquisition fees</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,100,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">799,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Remarketing fees</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">64,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">589,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The tables below set forth geographic information about the Company&#8217;s operating lease revenue for leased aircraft and aircraft equipment, grouped by domicile of the lessee:<font style="font-weight: bold; display: inline;">&#160;</font></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Operating Lease Revenue</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">North America</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,423,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,542,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Africa</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,183,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,454,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Central and South America</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,533,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,233,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Asia</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,460,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,149,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Europe and United Kingdom</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,952,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,415,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Australia</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">360,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">21,913,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">18,794,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(As adjusted)</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net (loss)/income</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(11,294,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,343,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Weighted average shares outstanding for the period</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,543,257</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,543,257</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Dilutive effect of warrants</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">43,779</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Weighted average diluted shares used in calculation</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;of diluted (loss)/earnings per share</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,543,257</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,587,036</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Basic (loss)/earnings per share</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(7.32</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5.41</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Diluted (loss)/earnings per share</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(7.32</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5.26</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">North America</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">65,423,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17,779,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Europe and United Kingdom</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">43,468,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">20,384,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Africa</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">28,858,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">29,951,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Off lease</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17,106,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">34,446,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Asia</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16,588,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">31,068,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Central and South America</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10,146,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19,324,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Australia</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,171,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">186,762,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">152,954,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The effects on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet at December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="10" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31, 2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As reported</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">previously</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As adjusted</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Effect of change</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Cash and cash equivalents</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,112,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,112,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Accounts receivable, net</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,313,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,303,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(9,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Finance leases receivable</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,895,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,895,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">152,375,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">152,954,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">579,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Assets held for sale</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">735,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">735,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Prepaid expenses and other</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,633,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,633,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total assets</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">164,064,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">164,634,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">569,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Accounts payable and accrued expenses</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,175,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,202,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">27,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Notes payable and accrued interest</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">77,527,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">77,527,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">13,254,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">18,283,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,029,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Security deposits</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,265,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,265,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Unearned revenues</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">646,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">646,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Deferred income taxes</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16,099,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">14,573,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,525,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total liabilities</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">114,968,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">118,499,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,531,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Preferred stock</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Common stock</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Paid-in capital</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">14,780,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">14,780,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Retained earnings</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">34,819,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">31,857,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(2,961,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Treasury stock</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(504,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(504,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total stockholders&#8217; equity</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">49,096,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">46,134,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(2,961,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Total liabilities and stockholders&#8217; equity</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">164,064,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">164,634,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">569,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The effects on the Company&#8217;s statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="10" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Year Ended</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;December 31, 2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As reported</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">previously</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As adjusted</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Effect of</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">change</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" rowspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Operating lease revenue, net</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">18,794,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">18,794,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance reserves income, net</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,878,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">14,910,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,032,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Gain on disposal of assets and other income</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,527,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,527,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">32,199,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">38,231,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,032,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,765,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,962,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,802,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Depreciation</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,312,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,363,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">50,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Management fees</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,352,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,369,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Interest</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,075,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,075,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Professional fees, general and administrative and other</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,532,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,532,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Insurance</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,166,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,166,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Other taxes</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">90,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">90,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">27,293,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">25,558,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,735,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Income before taxes</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,905,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">12,673,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,767,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Tax provision</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,688,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,329,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,640,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net income</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,217,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,343,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,126,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Earnings per share:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;Basic</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2.08</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5.41</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3.33</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;Diluted</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2.03</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5.26</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3.23</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The effects on the Company&#8217;s statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="10" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 34%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Year Ended</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31, 2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As reported</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">previously</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As adjusted</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid; width: 10%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Effect of</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">change</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Operating activities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;Net income</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,217,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8,343,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,126,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;provided by operating activities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Net gain on disposal of assets</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(3,808,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(3,808,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Depreciation</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,312,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,363,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">50,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Non-cash interest</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,113,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,113,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Deferred income taxes</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,680,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,321,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,640,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Changes in operating assets and liabilities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Accounts receivable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(106,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(96,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Finance lease receivable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">246,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">246,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Income taxes receivable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Prepaid expenses and other</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(772,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(772,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Accounts payable and accrued expenses</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(40,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(23,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Accrued interest on notes payable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(38,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(38,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Maintenance reserves and accrued costs</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(1,284,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(9,128,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(7,844,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Security deposits</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(525,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(525,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Unearned revenue</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(105,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(105,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Income taxes payable</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(19,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(19,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net cash provided by operating activities</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,872,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,872,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Investing activities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;engines held for lease,&#160;&#160;net of re-sale fees</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10,018,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10,018,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;net of re-sale fees</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">945,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">945,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(24,965,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(24,965,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net cash used in investing activities</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(14,001,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(14,001,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Financing activities:</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Borrowings under Credit Facility</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19,000,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19,000,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Repayments of Credit Facility</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(9,300,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(9,300,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 9pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Debt issuance costs</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(2,055,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">(2,055,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">)</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net cash provided by financing activities</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,645,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7,645,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net increase in cash and cash equivalents</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">515,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">515,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,596,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,596,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 4px; width: 64%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Cash and cash equivalents, end of year</div></td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,112,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,112,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company&#8217;s aircraft and aircraft engines, which were on lease or held for lease, consisted of the following:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31, 2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31, 2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Number</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">% of net</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Number</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">% of net</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Model</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">owned</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">book value</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">owned</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">book value</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier Dash-8-300</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">23</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier CRJ-700</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier CRJ-900</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier Dash-8-Q400</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">13</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">ATR 42-600</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Bombardier CRJ-705</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">9</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">12</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Saab 340B Plus</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">8</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Fokker 50</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">General Electric CF34-8E5 engine</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Fokker 100</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">7</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Saab 340B</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Tay 650-15 engine</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">%</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">General Electric CT7-9B engine</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 52%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Saab 340A</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">12.Warrants</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As part of a previous subordinated debt financing, which was fully repaid in December 2011, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 81,224 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock that are currently exercisable (and expire on December 31, 2015) and represent approximately 5% of the post-exercise fully diluted capitalization of the Company.&#160;&#160;The exercise price of the warrants is $8.75 per share.&#160;&#160;</div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">5.Operating Segments</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company operates in one business segment, the leasing of regional aircraft to foreign and domestic regional airlines, and therefore does not present separate segment information for lines of business.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Approximately 18% and 0% of the Company&#8217;s operating lease revenue was derived from lessees domiciled in the United States during 2014 and 2013, respectively.&#160;&#160;All revenues relating to aircraft leased and operated internationally are denominated and payable in U.S. dollars. </div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The tables below set forth geographic information about the Company&#8217;s operating lease revenue for leased aircraft and aircraft equipment, grouped by domicile of the lessee:<font style="font-weight: bold; display: inline;">&#160;</font></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">For the Years Ended </div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Operating Lease Revenue</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">North America</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">6,423,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">1,542,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Africa</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,183,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,454,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Central and South America</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,533,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,233,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Asia</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,460,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">4,149,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Europe and United Kingdom</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">2,952,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">3,415,500</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Australia</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">360,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">21,913,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">18,794,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 100%;"><tr><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="6" valign="bottom"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">December 31,</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2014</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="border-bottom: black 2px solid;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: center; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2013</div></td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">North America</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">65,423,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17,779,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Europe and United Kingdom</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">43,468,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">20,384,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Africa</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">28,858,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">29,951,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Off lease</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17,106,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">34,446,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Asia</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">16,588,900</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">31,068,800</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Central and South America</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">10,146,100</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">19,324,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 76%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Australia</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">5,171,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">-</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 76%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">186,762,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">152,954,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> 35345000 46639000 34840900 46134900 1600 14780100 23513400 -504100 37791000 1600 14780100 31857300 -504100 1600 14780100 20563300 -504100 49096700 46134900 -2961800 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">8.Stockholder Rights Plan</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">In December 2009, the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights plan granting a dividend of one stock purchase right for each share of the Company&#8217;s common stock outstanding as of December 18, 2009 and the Company entered into a rights agreement dated December 1, 2009 in connection therewith. The rights become exercisable only upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the rights agreement, including the acquisition of 15% of the Company&#8217;s outstanding common stock by a person or group in certain circumstances.&#160;&#160;Each right allows the holder, other than an &#8220;acquiring person,&#8221; to purchase one one-hundredth of a share (a unit) of Series A Preferred Stock at an initial purchase price of $97.00 under circumstances described in the rights agreement. The purchase price, the number of units of preferred stock and the type of securities issuable upon exercise of the rights are subject to adjustment. The rights expire at the close of business December 1, 2019 unless earlier redeemed or exchanged. Until a right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, has no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote or to receive dividends.</div></div> <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">13.Subsequent Events</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">In March 2015, the Company sold a Fokker 50 aircraft that had been classified as held for sale at December 31, 2014 and recorded a gain of approximately $475,000.</div></div> 465200 90200 90200 90200 0 63300 63300 504100 504100 504100 504100 0 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(b)Use of Estimates</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;).&#160;&#160;The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.&#160;&#160;Actual results could differ from those estimates.&#160;&#160;The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable for making judgments that are not readily apparent from other sources.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The most significant estimates with regard to these financial statements are the residual values and useful lives of the assets, the amount and timing of cash flows associated with each asset that are used to evaluate whether assets are impaired, accrued maintenance costs, accounting for income taxes, and the amounts recorded as allowances for doubtful accounts.</div></div> 1543257 1543257 1543257 1587036 Each right allows the holder, other than an “acquiring person,” to purchase one one-hundredth of a share (a unit) of Series A Preferred Stock at an initial purchase price of $97.00 under circumstances described in the rights agreement. 97.00 0.15 2019-12-01 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-weight: bold; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">4.Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Maintenance costs under the Company&#8217;s triple net leases are generally the responsibility of the lessees.&#160;&#160;Most of the Company&#8217;s leases require payment of maintenance reserves, which are based upon lessee-reported usage and billed monthly, and are intended to accumulate and be applied by the Company toward reimbursement of most or all of the cost of the lessees&#8217; performance of certain maintenance obligations under the leases. Maintenance reserves are characterized as either refundable or non-refundable depending on their disposition at lease-end.&#160;&#160;The Company retains non-refundable maintenance reserves at lease-end, even if the lessee has met all of its obligations under the lease, including any return conditions applicable to the leased asset, while refundable reserves are returned to the lessee under such circumstances.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The liabilities for maintenance reserves in the accompanying balance sheets include both refundable and non-refundable maintenance reserves payments billed to and received from lessees.&#160;&#160;These amounts are paid out as related maintenance is performed and, in the case of refundable reserves, at the end of the lease.&#160;&#160;Such payments reduce the associated maintenance reserve liability.&#160;&#160;Any reserves retained by the Company at lease end are recorded as revenue at that time.</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;">&#160;</div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Accrued maintenance costs include (i) maintenance for work performed for off-lease aircraft, which is not related to the release of reserves received from lessees and (ii) lessor maintenance obligations assumed upon acquisition of aircraft subject to a lease with such provisions.&#160;&#160;Maintenance costs are expensed as incurred.</div></div> 133590600 77527300 77527300 77527300 0 133590600 77527300 13254100 18283900 5029800 -1313700 -9128800 -1284200 -9128800 -7844600 4527000 4527000 0 1718800 1174500 1532100 1532100 0 0.18 0 2 2 5 1 1 2 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">As of December 31, 2014, minimum future lease revenue payments receivable under noncancelable leases were as follows:</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="text-align: left;"><table cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; width: 60%;"><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: 1pt double; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; text-decoration: underline; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Years ending</div></td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 88%;">&#160; </td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td colspan="2" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 10%;">&#160;</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2015</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">22,938,700</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2016</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">21,300,400</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2017</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">17,937,600</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2018</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">13,719,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td align="left" valign="bottom" style="width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">2019</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; display: inline; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: right; width: 9%;">12,860,000</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="white"><td valign="bottom" style="padding-bottom: 2px; width: 88%;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">Thereafter</div></td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 2px solid; text-align: right; width: 9%;">37,596,300</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 2px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr><tr bgcolor="#cceeff"><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 88%;">&#160; </td><td align="right" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; width: 1%;">&#160;</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: left; width: 1%;">$</td><td valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; border-bottom: black 4px double; text-align: right; width: 9%;">126,352,200</td><td nowrap="nowrap" valign="bottom" style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: times new roman; padding-bottom: 4px; text-align: left; width: 1%;">&#160;</td></tr></table></div></div> 4 4 200000000 2 130000000 <div style="font-family: 'Times New Roman', Times, serif; font-size: 10pt;"><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; font-style: italic; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">(h)Security deposits</div><div style="display: block; text-indent: 0pt;"><br /></div><div style="font-size: 10pt; font-family: Times New Roman; text-align: justify; margin-left: 0pt; display: block; margin-right: 0pt; text-indent: 0pt;">The Company&#8217;s leases are typically structured so that if any event of default occurs under a lease, the Company may apply all or a portion of the lessee&#8217;s security deposit to cure such default.&#160;&#160;If such application of the security deposit is made, the lessee typically is required to replenish and maintain the full amount of the deposit during the remaining term of the lease.&#160;&#160;All of the security deposits received by the Company are refundable to the lessee at the end of the lease upon satisfaction of all lease terms.</div></div> 2115700 1612100 12927700 16671800 64000 589300 0.05 1 2 9 0.1 5 1 2 2 8 9 3 0 2 0 3 3 1 0 1 1 6 6 6 10 2 3 2 7 1 4 1 1 2 2 0 1 0.17 0.23 0.16 0 0.16 0 0.13 0.17 0.09 0 0.09 0.12 0.07 0.08 0.05 0.1 0.04 0.06 0.03 0.19 -0.01 0.04 0 0.01 0 0 0 0 10 2 2 1 4 73300 5 1 1 1 0 1200000 EX-101.SCH 9 acy-20141231.xsd XBRL SCHEMA 000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 010000 - Statement - Balance Sheets link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 010100 - Statement - Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 020000 - Statement - Statements of Operations link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 020100 - Statement - Statements of Operations (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 030000 - Statement - Statements of Stockholders' Equity link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 040000 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 040100 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060100 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060200 - Disclosure - Change in Accounting Principle link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060300 - Disclosure - Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060400 - Disclosure - Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060500 - Disclosure - Operating Segments link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060600 - Disclosure - Concentration of Credit Risk link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060700 - Disclosure - Notes Payable and Accrued Interest link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060800 - Disclosure - Stockholder Rights Plan link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 060900 - Disclosure - Income Taxes link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 061000 - Disclosure - Computation of Earnings Per Share link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 061100 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 061200 - Disclosure - Warrants link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 061300 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 070100 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 080200 - Disclosure - Change in Accounting Principle (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 080300 - Disclosure - Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 080500 - Disclosure - Operating Segments (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 080600 - Disclosure - Concentration of Credit Risk (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 080700 - Disclosure - Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 080900 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 081000 - Disclosure - Computation of Earnings Per Share (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 081100 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions (Tables) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090100 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090200 - Disclosure - Change in Accounting Principle (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090300 - Disclosure - Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090500 - Disclosure - Operating Segments (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090600 - Disclosure - Concentration of Credit Risk (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090700 - Disclosure - Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090800 - Disclosure - Stockholder Rights Plan (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090900 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 090902 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Details) Calc 2 link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 091000 - Disclosure - Computation of Earnings Per Share (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 091100 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 091200 - Disclosure - Warrants (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink 091300 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details) link:presentationLink link:calculationLink link:definitionLink EX-101.CAL 10 acy-20141231_cal.xml XBRL CALCFULATION EX-101.LAB 11 acy-20141231_lab.xml XBRL LABEL Amendment Flag Current Fiscal Year End Date Document Period End Date Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Entity Voluntary Filers Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Filer Category Entity Public Float Entity Registrant Name Entity Central Index Key Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Document Type Warrants expiration date Investment Warrants Expiration Date Asia [Member] Africa [Member] Change in Accounting Principle Change in Accounting Principle [Abstract] Receivables Accounts and Notes Receivable, Net Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable, including deferred rent of $111,300 and $217,200 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Receivable [Member] Paid-in capital Paid-in Capital [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Aircraft Type [Domain] Aircraft Type [Axis] Aircraft Type [Axis] Allowance for doubtful accounts Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable Management fees Management fees, net of approximately $1,200,000 of fees waived by JMC in 2014 Provision for impairment in value of aircraft Impairment charges Impairment charge Impairment of Long-lived Assets [Abstract] Held-for-sale [Member] Held-for-sale [Member] Total assets Assets Held-for-lease [Member] Assets Leased to Others [Member] Assets: Assets: Held-for-Leases [Member] Assets held for sale The Company and Basis of Presentation Finance leases receivable Finance lease receivable Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease) Cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, Fair Value Disclosure Class of Stock [Line Items] Exercise price of warrants (in dollars per share) Number of shares callable by warrants (in shares) Class of Stock [Domain] Commitments and contingencies Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) Common Stock [Member] Common stock Common stock, $0.001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, 1,606,557 shares issued and outstanding Common stock, issued (in shares) Common stock, authorized (in shares) Number of stock purchase right for each share as dividends under plan (in shares) Common Stock Dividends, Shares Common stock, outstanding (in shares) Items comprising income tax expense [Abstract] Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract] Deferred tax assets and liabilities [Abstract] Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Abstract] Comprehensive (Loss)/Income Concentration Risk [Line Items] Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain] Concentration Risk [Table] Concentration of Credit Risk Concentration Risk Disclosure [Text Block] Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis] Lease revenues and receivables from significant customers (in hundredths) State Current tax provision [Abstract] Foreign Federal Current tax provision Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Security deposits Customer Advances and Deposits Notes Payable and Accrued Interest [Abstract] Notes Payable and Accrued Interest Debt Disclosure [Text Block] Debt Instrument [Axis] Weighted average interest rate on credit facility (in hundredths) Debt Instrument, Name [Domain] Deferred Financing Costs and Commitment Fees Deferred Charges, Policy [Policy Text Block] Deferred tax liabilities [Abstract] Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net [Abstract] Deferred income taxes Federal Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Deferred tax (benefit)/provision [Abstract] Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract] Deferred income taxes Deferred tax (benefit)/provision Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit) State Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Net deferred tax liabilities Deferred Tax Assets, Net Unearned revenues Accounts receivable, deferred rent Deferred Rent Receivables, Net Deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Assets, Gross Bad debt allowance and other Maintenance reserves Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals Deferred tax assets [Abstract] Alternative minimum tax credit Foreign tax credit carryover Minimum lease payments receivable Deferred Tax Liabilities, Leasing Arrangements Accumulated depreciation on aircraft and aircraft engines Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment Deferred income Deferred Tax Liabilities, Tax Deferred Income Depreciation Depreciation, Nonproduction Depreciation Depreciation Basic and diluted earnings per share [Abstract] Computation of Earnings Per Share Earnings Per Share [Text Block] Basic (in dollars per share) Basic (in dollars per share) Basic (loss)/earnings (in dollars per share) Diluted (in dollars per share) Diluted (loss)/earnings (in dollars per share) Earnings per share: Computation of Earnings Per Share [Abstract] (Loss)/earnings per share: Equity Component [Domain] Error Corrections and Prior Period Adjustments Restatement [Line Items] Recurring [Member] Fair Value Measurements Measurement Frequency [Axis] Fair Value Measurements, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table] Fair Value, Measurement Frequency [Domain] Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items] Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis [Abstract] Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract] Net gain on disposal of assets Net gain on disposal of assets Gain on sale of asset Gain (loss) on sale of aircraft and parts from an engine Insurance Impairment of Long-lived Assets Statements of Operations [Abstract] Statement of Operations [Abstract] Income before taxes (Loss)/income before income tax provision Income Taxes [Abstract] Tax provision Total income tax (benefit)/provision Income tax (benefit)/provision Decrease in valuation allowance Income Taxes Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block] Income tax rate reconciliation [Abstract] Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Amount [Abstract] Income taxes paid Prior year withholding tax adjustment Income tax (benefit)/provision at statutory federal income tax rate State tax (benefit)/provision, net of federal benefit Other Taxes Accounts receivable Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable Income taxes payable Security deposits Accounts payable and accrued expenses Accrued interest on notes payable Finance lease receivable Increase (Decrease) in Finance Receivables Income taxes receivable Increase (Decrease) in Income Taxes Receivable Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Unearned revenue Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Rent Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Dilutive effect of warrants (in shares) Credit Facility accrued interest Interest Interest earned on finance lease Interest paid Finance Leases Finance Leases [Abstract] Leases, Capital [Abstract] Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale [Abstract] Total liabilities and stockholders' equity Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Liabilities recorded at fair value Financial and Nonfinancial Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure Total liabilities Liabilities LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Credit Facility [Abstract] Line of Credit Facility [Abstract] Credit Facility principal Credit facility maximum borrowing capacity Expiration date Credit Facility [Member] Line of Credit Facility [Line Items] Credit facility Line of Credit Facility, Current Borrowing Capacity Line of Credit Facility [Table] Unused amount of the credit facility Maintenance reserves income, net Maintenance reserves revenue, net Maintenance Major Property Class [Domain] Major Property Class [Axis] Major Customers [Axis] North America [Member] Customer [Domain] Financing activities: Financing activities: Net (loss)/income Net (loss)/income Net income (loss) Operating activities: Operating activities: Net cash provided by operating activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities, Continuing Operations Net cash provided by financing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities, Continuing Operations Net cash used in investing activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities, Continuing Operations Investing activities: Investing activities: Cumulative net decrease of in stockholders' equity New Accounting Pronouncement or Change in Accounting Principle, Cumulative Effect of Change on Equity or Net Assets Recent Accounting Pronouncements New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block] Number of business segments Expenses: Total expenses Operating Expenses Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale Operating Leases of Lessor Disclosure [Text Block] Total Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable Operating Lease Revenue Operating lease revenue, net 2018 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, in Four Years 2016 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, in Two Years Thereafter 2015 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, Current 2019 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, in Five Years Operating leases, minimum future lease revenue payments receivable under noncancelable leases [Abstract] Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable [Abstract] 2017 Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Receivable, in Three Years Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization, Consolidation, Basis of Presentation, Business Description and Accounting Policies [Text Block] Non-cash interest Other income Payment for equipment and acquisition costs related to aircraft purchased Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines Payments to Acquire Other Property, Plant, and Equipment Debt issuance costs Payments of Debt Issuance Costs Preferred stock, par value (in dollars per share) Preferred stock Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding Preferred stock, issued (in shares) Preferred stock, authorized (in shares) Preferred stock, outstanding (in shares) Prepaid expenses and other Prepaid Expense and Other Assets Payments received from customers Proceeds from Customers Borrowings under Credit Facility Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees Proceeds from the sale of airframe parts Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block] Aircraft useful life Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease, by Major Property Class [Table] Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation [Abstract] Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract] Number of aircraft sold Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Line Items] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, accumulated depreciation Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $38,962,800 and $50,679,300 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively Bad debt expense Provision for Doubtful Accounts Related Party Transactions Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block] Related Party Transaction [Domain] Related Party Transaction [Axis] Related Party Transaction [Line Items] Acquisition fees Related Party [Axis] Management fees Related Party Transaction, Expenses from Transactions with Related Party Related Party [Domain] Related Party Transactions [Abstract] Repayments of Credit Facility Repayments of Long-term Lines of Credit As Adjusted [Member] Retained earnings Retained Earnings [Member] Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts [Abstract] Revenue Recognition [Abstract] Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Concentration of Credit Risk [Abstract] South America [Member] Total Income Revenue, Net Revenues and other income: Revenue, Net [Abstract] Lease Revenue [Member] As Reported Previously [Member] Scenario, Unspecified [Domain] Income tax provision Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block] Notes payable and accrued interest Schedule of Debt [Table Text Block] Income tax reconciliation Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block] Deferred tax assets and liabilities Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block] Related party fees Geographic information of operating lease revenue Schedule of Revenue from External Customers and Long-Lived Assets, by Geographical Areas [Table Text Block] Computation of earnings per share Schedule of Error Corrections and Prior Period Adjustment Restatement [Table] Net book value of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease Schedule of Error Corrections and Prior Period Adjustments Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease Schedule of Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Table Text Block] Schedule of Related Party Transactions, by Related Party [Table] Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table] Schedule of Stock by Class [Table] Warrants Schedule of Stockholders' Equity Note, Warrants or Rights [Table Text Block] Operating Segments [Abstract] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating Segments Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block] Geographical [Domain] Series A Preferred Stock [Member] Scenario [Axis] Statement [Table] Statement [Line Items] Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Geographical [Axis] Statements of Cash Flows [Abstract] Statement, Equity Components [Axis] Balance Sheets [Abstract] Balance Sheets [Abstract] Class of Stock [Axis] Stockholders' equity: Stockholders' equity: Shareholders equity before treasury stock Stockholders' Equity before Treasury Stock Total stockholders' equity Balance Balance Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent Stockholder Rights Plan [Abstract] Stockholder Rights Plan Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] Subsequent Events Subsequent Events [Text Block] Subsequent Events [Abstract] Subsequent Event [Table] Subsequent Event [Line Items] Subsequent Event [Member] Subsequent Event Type [Domain] Subsequent Event Type [Axis] Income taxes payable Taxes Payable Other taxes Treasury stock (in shares) Treasury Stock [Member] Treasury stock Treasury stock at cost, 63,300 shares Treasury Stock, Value Use of Estimates Warrants [Abstract] Weighted average shares used in (loss)/earnings per share computations: Basic (in shares) Weighted average shares outstanding for the period (in shares) Diluted (in shares) Weighted average diluted shares used in calculation of diluted (loss)/earnings per share (in shares) Australia [Member] AUSTRALIA Description of share purchase by holders under right agreement. Share purchase under right agreement description Share purchase under right agreement description Initial purchase price of one one-hundredth of a share (a unit) under right agreement. Initial Purchase Price Of Stock Under Right Agreement Initial purchase price of unit under right agreement (in dollars per share) Percentage of outstanding common stock acquisition by a person or group as certain event for exercise of rights specified in right agreement. Percentage of stock acquisition for exercise of rights specified in right agreement Percentage of stock acquisition for exercise of rights as specified in right agreement (in hundredths) Represents expiration date of rights granted under stockholder rights plan. Expiration date of rights Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs [Abstract] The entire disclosure of maintenance cost accrual and customer reserve deposit policy. This disclosure may also include schedules detailing the current periods' activity within the account. Maintenance and Accrued Costs [Text Block] Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs Including the current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable, as of the balance-sheet date, with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer. Also, includes the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt that has been incurred and is unpaid. Notes Payable and Accrued Interest Notes payable and accrued interest Notes payable and accrued interest Maintenance reserves and accrued costs include: (1) refundable maintenance payments billed to lessees, which are paid out as related maintenance is performed or at the end of the lease, (2) for lessees who pay non-refundable maintenance reserves, estimated maintenance costs accrued at the time a reimbursement claim or sufficient information is received regarding maintenance work performed, and (3) maintenance for work performed for off-lease aircraft, which is not related to the release of reserves received from lessees. Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount of maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs, which include 1) refundable maintenance payments billed to lessees, which are paid as maintenance is performed or at end of lease, 2) for lessees who pay non-refundable maintenance reserves, estimated maintenance costs accrued at the time a reimbursement claim or sufficient information is received regarding maintenance work performed, and 3) maintenance for work performed for off-lease aircraft. Increase Decrease Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Costs Maintenance reserves and accrued costs Represents increase / (decrease) effect of change in the amount as previously reported before the correction of an error or other adjustment. Effect Of Change [Member] Effect of Change [Member] Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets aggregated with the gain (loss) on other income. Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment and Other Income Gain on disposal of assets and other income The aggregate total of expenses of managing, administering, and the sum of expenses not otherwise specified in the taxonomy for the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. Also, a fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors, lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions. Professional Fees, General and Administrative and Other Professional fees, general and administrative and other Refers to operating lease revenue was derived from lessees domiciled in the United States. Operating Lease Revenues Attributed To Entity Country Of Domicile In Percentage Operating lease revenues derived from lessees domiciled in the United States (in hundredths) The name of a geographic segment. Europe and United Kingdom [Member] The name of a geographic segment. Off lease [Member] The name of a geographic segment. Caribbean [Member] The name of a geographic segment. Central and South America [Member] Central and South America [Member] Number of aircraft considered as assets held for lease. Number of aircrafts lease Number of aircraft held for lease Fokker 100 and Fokker 50 aircraft Type. Fokker 100 and Fokker 50 [Member] Fokker 100 and Fokker 50 [Member] Fokker 100 aircraft Type. Fokker 100 [Member] Fokker 100 [Member] Fokker 50 aircraft type. Fokker 50 [Member] Fokker 50 [Member] Saab 340B aircraft type. Saab 340B [Member] Number of aircraft considered as assets held for sale. Number Of Aircraft Held For Sale Number of aircraft held for sale Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments receivable in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating and finance leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year. Schedule of future minimum lease payments receivable under leases [Table Text Block] Future minimum lease payments receivable under noncancelable leases Number of customers for the period. Two Customers [Member] Significant customer that accounts for 10 percent or more of the entity's revenues. Customer One [Member] Significant customer that accounts for 10 percent or more of the entity's revenues. Customer Three [Member] Significant customer that accounts for 10 percent or more of the entity's revenues. Customer Two [Member] Significant customer that accounts for 10 percent or more of the entity's revenues. Customer Four [Member] Significant customer that accounts for 10 percent or more of the entity's revenues. Customer Five [Member] Refers to the number of significant customers contributing for lease revenues. Number of Significant Customers Number of significant customers Notes payable and accrued interests [Abstract] Notes payable and accrued interest [Abstract] This represents the prior maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. Credit facility maximum borrowing capacity replaced Represents number of participant lenders departed. Number of participant lenders departed Maximum borrowing capacity under the previous credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. Line Of Credit Facility Maximum Borrowing Capacity Replaced Credit facility, borrowing capacity replaced Disclosure of accounting policy for security deposits, i.e. money paid in advance to protect the provider of a product or service, such as a lessor, against damage or nonpayment by the buyer or tenant (lessee) during the term of the agreement. Security deposits [Policy Text Block] Security deposits The accrued maintenance costs incurred and directly related to services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. Includes the cost of inspections and repairs, materials and routine maintenance costs for all aircraft and engines. Accrued maintenance costs Maintenance reserves directly related to inspections and repairs, materials and routine maintenance for all aircraft and engines under lease obligations. Maintenance Reserves Maintenance reserves Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to restatement adjustments of previously reported state and local income tax expense (benefit). State tax benefit of prior year restatement adjustments Represents the relief of fees, in part or in whole, due to a related party for fees related to an agreement originating from a related party transaction. Waiver of Fees [Member] Integrated aircraft management company. Jet Fleet Management Corp. [Member] Refers to remarketing fees with related party during the financial reporting period. Remarketing fees Remarketing fees Document and Entity Information [Abstract] Refer to the percentage of warrants capitalized of the post exercise fully diluted of the entity. Percentage of post exercise fully diluted capitalization of the Entity Percentage of post exercise fully diluted capitalization (in hundredths) Refers to number of aircraft or engines subject to lease. Number of aircraft or engines subject to lease Number of aircraft or engines subject to lease Refers to the number of assets whose lease was extended during the period. Number of assets lease term extended Number of assets lease term extended This line item represents the re-lease opportunities for the off lease aircraft specified as percentage of net book value of the entity's aircraft. Re lease opportunities for off lease aircraft specified as percentage of net book value Re-lease opportunities for the off-lease aircraft (in hundredths) Number of aircraft in impairment recorded during the period. Number of aircraft on impairment recorded Number of aircraft on impairment recorded Bombardier Dash-8-100 aircraft type. Bombardier Dash Three [Member] Bombardier Dash-8-100 [Member] Saab 340 A aircraft type. Saab 340 A [Member] Saab 340 A [Member] General Electric CT7-9B engine aircraft type. General Electric CT7 9B engine [Member] General Electric CT7-9B engine [Member] DeHavilland DHC Two aircraft type. deHavilland DHC Two [Member] deHavilland DHC-6 [Member] Bombardier CRJ-900 aircraft type. Bombardier CRJ-900 [Member] Bombardier Dash-8-Q400 aircraft type. Bombardier Dash Two [Member] Bombardier Dash-8-Q400 [Member] Tay 650-15 engine type. Tay 6515 Engine [Member] Tay 650-15 engine [Member] Fokker 100 aircraft Type. Two Fokker 100 [Member] 2 Fokker 100 [Member] Bombardier CRJ-700 aircraft type. Bombardier CRJ-700 [Member] General Electric CF34-8E5 aircraft type. General Electric One [Member] General Electric CF34-8E5 engine [Member] ATR 42 600 aircraft type. ATR 42 600 [Member] deHavilland DHC-6 and Fokker 50 aircraft. deHavilland DHC-6 and Fokker 50 aircraft [Member] Aircraft And Aircraft Engines Held For Lease [Abstract] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] The number of aircraft owned and available for lease as of the date of the latest balance sheet. Number Of Units Owned Number owned Percentage of net book value of all planes combined. Percent of Net Book Value Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) Saab 340B Plus aircraft type. Saab 340B Plus [Member] Refers to the number of assets leased which were previously off-leased. Number of off leased assets leased The total number of aircrafts off lease. Number Of Aircrafts Off Lease Number of entity aircraft off lease Amount of minimum lease payments to be received by the lessor for capital leases. Gain on financial lease Bombardier CRJ-705 aircraft type. Bombardier CRJ-705 [Member] The number of aircraft engines sold by the entity during the period. Property Plant And Equipment Number Of Aircraft Engines Sold Number of aircraft engines sold Bombardier Dash-8-300 aircraft type. Bombardier Dash Four [Member] Bombardier Dash-8-300 [Member] Refers to the number of aircrafts or engines purchased during the year. Number of aircrafts purchased Number of aircrafts purchased Bombardier Dash-8-300 aircraft type. Bombardier Dash One [Member] Bombardier Dash-8-300 [Member] DeHavilland DHC-8-100 aircraft type. deHavilland DHC One [Member] deHavilland DHC-8-100 [Member] The aggregate costs waived off related to asset management during the reporting period. Asset Management Costs Waived Management fee, net waived off by JMC EX-101.PRE 12 acy-20141231_pre.xml XBRL PRESENTATION EX-101.DEF 13 acy-20141231_def.xml XBRL LINKBASE GRAPHIC 14 acylogo1inch.jpg ACYLGO begin 644 acylogo1inch.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_X0!P17AI9@``24DJ``@````$`!H!!0`!
M````/@```!L!!0`!````1@```"@!`P`!`````@#`P#$!`@`9````3@``````
M``!@`````0```&`````!````141'05)I>F5R(%-O9G1W87)E(%-U:71E`/__
MVP!#``(!`0$!`0(!`0$"`@("`@0#`@("`@4$!`,$!@4&!@8%!@8&!PD(!@7J#A(6&AXB)BI*3E)66EYB9
MFJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76U]C9VN'BX^3EYN?H
MZ>KQ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_\0`'P$``P$!`0$!`0$!`0````````$"`P0%!@'EZ@H.$A8:'B(F*DI.4E9:7F)F:HJ.DI::G
MJ*FJLK.TM;:WN+FZPL/$Q;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W
M^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#]_****`"BBB@`HHHH`*\&_;._X*5_L=_L%Z*+
MW]H3XL6UIJDT/F6'A?3%^U:I=CL4MT.54X(\R0I'GC=7Q5_P6;_X+\Z=^S-?
M:G^RY^QEJEGJ?CZ'=;^(_%VU9K7PZ_1H85.5GNQWSE(CP0S[E3\.Q_PN;]I?
MXM!=VO\`C;QKXIU'`R9;Z_U*Y @KZ_)N%JF,IK$8I\E/=+JUWUV
M7]>9Y>*S&-*7)3U9^L'QV_X.SO&D^I36?[,W[*>EVMHCD0:CXZU62>25?5K:
MU,8C/L)G^M>:C_@Z[_;UR,_`OX0XSSC2=4_^6%8_@K_@E!^QG^P;X/T[XN?\
M%D/CT;+6;ZW%SI7P3\$7(GU.X7L+F6(D@'!!V&.,$8\\GY:UHO\`@NO^Q+\!
MA_PC7['/_!(_P'IVFV_R0:MXID@>^N%'`,NR"20MCKNGY#`Y/) &/'?AJQ\9>"O$-EJVDZ
MG:I G72S07,+C*R1NA*NI!R""0:_`J\_X+"_\$U_VNO^*)_;J_X)=>']
M%M+S]V?&OPXGBCU&Q)X$@"Q0RD*>2/-8''W&Z'[]_P""+_P1^*W[-?BC6?`G
MPE^,D?Q,_9>\6>'3XD^%/BR2?-QI=X;E$FTV5.#$Y5W9UVJI>%B%1S*@^?SK
M*L/0I.K&DZ,OY6U*,O\`#)7U6]GTVV.S"8FI*7*Y J[>9^A%%%%?*'I
MA1110`4444`%?F;_`,%_/^"P$_[(G@R3]DW]G3Q((_B7XEL-VM:O:2?/X;T^
M0&=(EDV
MG4M3E!$$'KMR"[D /OCI\3M;+B,1Q'V'_@G=^R=X&_X(K?\$\O%?_!2#]I?PQ%+\3M4
M\-B;3=*O4VR:9'.56STQ(
M[JZ\1^-_'WB- $II_;E^"_S9['^R%^QE^V'_P`%?_VE=4FT[Q!=ZI>SW"WO
MCGX@^)9WD@L$ 1@"(X$Y(7`VHK,OZ(ZK^R-_P;U_\`!+$1>%/VKO'C
M?%/XA6JC^T-.N&GOI8I<9*FQLR(+9?1+EF;!^\>M8'[=W[0>F_\`!#W]A[PI
M_P`$V_V4O$%?+R\T^M];>7J?KQJ_QY_P"#8_\`;-1/
MA+J7P=D^%%[>GR-,\4VWA@:)]FE;A7::T:2$#/>X4QCJV.M?4'_!%W]B7]I?
M_@GW\3_BG\`?$WCB'Q5\'[ZWT[7OAQXDMVS#=23F9)=@!(CD\N.+S5!*G$3J
M "4C
MD4'H6'-?H!_P;]>$?VI?A;^R!XE^!/[4UK=VU_\`#_XCW^@:)97[EY;>TC@M
MI"B29(DM_,E VNDHMI=K.UU9G?A
MHU77BZL.5]&M/DS[KHHHKXL]8****`"@D`9-%?&?_!<7_@H*G[!O[&>HR^#M
M:%OX]\A%2
MI&E!SELC\E?^#AW_`(*%?\-=_M:2?!+X?:YY_@7X73S:?:M!+F+4-5)VW=SQ
MPP4J($//$;LIQ(:T_P#@W6_X)P1?M:?M)O\`M'_%'01<>`_AG=Q3107,68M4
MUG&^"`@\,D0Q,X]?*4@AS7P#\._`'C+XO_$/1OAGX$TB;4]>\1ZM!I^EV<7+
MW%S-($1?Q9ADGIR37]2O[(7[/?@O_@GY^SK\-/V/_`/DS:DS*VM7\:8-[='$
MU]=MWP[`HH/*IM7HE?;<7YY@."N'(TW+EYN6"[MSDHJW]Z UW]RO]R2O\C\]_^#L;]HV\L])^&'[)NCZ@5BO'N/%&NP*V-P3-K9Y]
M1EKLX]54]J^4?^#=']GG1OBG^W>WQQ\ U._X.5_'-[XL_X*DZ]H%S
MK_\`!,BU7X#_`/!!#]JS]I&WC,&H>*+F3PW%=#AC";>WM4P?02:G+^(->A1@
M\)PK3I0TE5LO_!C_`,F8RE[3,92>T;O[C\^OVSOVD_$G[7O[4?C?]HSQ1-*9
M?%&O37-G!*V3:V8.RVMQR>(X%C3_`(#7ZR_\&K_[%'A^W\%^*?VZO&6BQS:I
M=ZA)X>\&R3H#]EMXU5KNX3/1I'=8MPY`AD'1SG\3*_J1_P""(G@6S^'W_!+'
MX.:19VPC-[X;?4YB!C>]W ```22>F*_EQ_X+#?M\7W_!0+]LS6_B%HVHROX,\/EM&\#6S$A?L,
M3G-SM/1IWW2G(R%9%/W!7ZT?\')?_!0C_AF_]F>+]E+X=:[Y7C#XH6TD6IM!
M)B2QT(';.QQRIG;,`]4$_=17X0_L]_`SQ[^TQ\;?#'P$^&.G_:=/_`$FZ&>T,+;`>
MFZ=L',?'Z>_#SX@-\4/VL;;Q&[DVL27$6FHW\,*PR!3CL3DL?]ZJFI^`?`/[
M#_[)/A/]D3X0+Y5K8:0MD)=H62:,9:XN9,?\M)Y6=F[$N^.E :%'W4,+@D^PR*_A[QU\4GGOC)DO#N%E>G1Q-"=5+7WN>/LX/_#%
M\[6UY+K$_5.$\@^JGF?B]_PR'\P:^E/AE9B#_@U&\=S62_--XT22YV^VOV"\_@JUY3_P`
M)O"/_!2[_A*&C/E^*?`.EWZOC@M&T]H1^`ME_,5[-_P3OCC^.7_!MU^T1\)$
M^>Z\+:GJE\L*\GRH(++4T./=X91_P&O[NJU$\BP53I&5*_RT_,_)HQ:Q=6/=
M2/R&K^K/_@DEK-CKO_!,[X'WM@5V)\.=-MVV_P!^&(1/_P"/(U?RF5_07_P;
M&_M@^&_BS^QG-^RSJVM1+XG^&FHW!M[&60>9/I-U,T\ ?0A1110`5SWQ:^*7@CX(
M_#+7OB]\2=;CTW0?#>E3:AJU[+TBAB0LQ`_B8XP%'+$@#DUT-?C3_P`'1/\`
MP4$%K8Z3_P`$^?AKKG[RY$.L_$1[>3[L8.^SL6QZD"X=3V6`]S7H95@)YGCH
M4(]=WV75_P!=3#$UUAZ+FS\MOVZ_VNO&_P"W+^U)XK_:0\;M)$VMWQ72=.>3
M WPS_>9?(5AR!'..C"ORI_8L_97\;_MI_M.>$OV;_`:.ESXB
MU-8[V]6/ K"OZ6OC/;^"?V@7X9_97^$5@FGZ5IF
MCP65O:Q'F&QA4(H8]V=ERS'EL,3]ZNOQFX\R_P`..!J^*E;W(:1_F>T(?]O2
MLGVBI,PX8RFMG6:P@NKU?;JW\E^-CR_XL?$"[^)GCJ^\53EA#))LLXF_Y9PK
MP@^N.3[DUW7A?QUX`_8S_9=\7_MD?&!_)L-*TB2YC0D+)+$IVQPQY_Y:3S%(
MU' D^%XH-6\:I;285[MH_]#LVQVBA;S2.03-'W2OX1^BMP)C_
M`!`X[Q/&&;7GR3E:3ZU9ZSDO\$79=$YJWPGZSQ_FU+)LIAEN'TNEI_=6R^;5
MWZ>9I_\`!T-X1T[XL?"GX!?ML>$+/=IFN:3+837(;*NH(KZS7(Z_+]J->VN)6/M;U[G
M^S7X6U'_`(*J?\&Z&H?!&RTV6[\9_"\RV.@[H3F>\TS; M?Z1Y?A?K>3U\L;M*G)Q7W\T7Z7_(_$ZU3V6*A76TDG^%F;?[6W[-_C
M3]D7]I#QA^SIX]MI%O\`PMK4MJD\D>T7=OG=! LCX&_'GXP?
MLU?$O3OC!\"_'^H>&O$>EN39ZGIT@#`'AD=2"LD;#AD+M)\'_'SPII2VVN:#J,N-P&3]EN@H+M;[RS072JV`Y5
MESE4_,;XB_\`!(O_`(*6_#+Q=+X,US]BWQ_?7$ >&6XM1)
M&0>O+#CKBO3P.:X;%4'1Q34:BTG&5EZO7=,YZV'G3GS4]8O9K^MS]%/^".O_
M``6>_P""A7[[O;
ME7U`M-<6\KW$B1EEA4+`4"LP V]A>I>]^H4445X1VGF7[8O[4/@3]C3]FOQ;^T?\0Y5-CX:TMYH+3S`K7UTV
M$M[5#_>DE9$![;LG@&OY.?C?\9/'?[0OQ>\1_&_XFZLU]KWBC5YM0U.X.<>9
M(Q.Q1_"BC"*O1550.!7]5'[;W[!7P/\`^"@?@#2_A?\`'^^\1?V%I6J?VC'8
M:%K!M%GN`C(CRX4[]JN^T=`7)],?,EO_`,&R_P#P2]@N(YW\/>-Y0CAC%)XN
M;:^#T.(P'Q=TK[-KGCFP9?#_`-ICP]EH,;;O,`/(-S(H?WCBA(^^
M17M7Q!\::C\0?&%]XMU(D/=S$QQDY\N,[J/31
M7TW?S;_)'EUE\2?!'[$7[(WC3]LKXJ(JP:;H\EQ9V[,%>Y`.V"W0GH\\Y1!]
M5/3-?S:WMQ\9_P!N#]J*6YC@EUOQS\3?%Y98DS^^O;N?A1_ !NP>H&/)?V._P#@A5^PQ^Q'\+M)TR`N_AZ]=MTL^Q1G[+(Q+[@,1,6!VJ4K][Z;-#%<1-!/$KHZE71
MUR&!Z@@]17KY=G&+R_'/$I\SE\2?6^O_``S,*^%IUZ*I[6V\C^.'X=?$SXB?
M"'Q?:>/_`(5>.=6\.:Y8/NL]6T34)+:XA/?;)&0P!Z$9P1P:^N?#_P#P/]I2&[VQ[(=1U#PGILUU&,8^^UO\Y]W#'WK]J/CO_P`$(_\`
M@F'^T!XEG\9>(OV $-2GTQ)6/))@A80@D\DB,$GJ:A^$_P#P
M00_X)7?"34(M7L?V8K77;N%PRR^*]7N]10X_O02R&%OQCKZZOQ1D.+@I5Z#E
M)='&+_%L\N&7XRG*T)V7JSP[_@VV^-_[5_[3?@OXL?'?]J#XJ^*O%0OM9TRQ
MT"XUV9_LD0ACN'G^RQ@")`3-$'\M1]Q0>@K]-JI>'O#GA[PEHEKX:\*Z%9Z9
MIUE"L-G8:?:I##!&.B(B`*JCL``!5VOA\?BH8S&3K0@HI[)=$E;R/8H4W2I*
+#=[=0HHHKC-3_]D_
`
end XML 15 R39.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Computation of Earnings Per Share (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Basic and diluted earnings per share [Abstract] Net (loss)/income $ (11,294,000) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Weighted average shares outstanding for the period (in shares) 1,543,257 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic 1,543,257 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Dilutive effect of warrants (in shares) 0 us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants 43,779 us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants Weighted average diluted shares used in calculation of diluted (loss)/earnings per share (in shares) 1,543,257 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding 1,587,036 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding Basic (loss)/earnings (in dollars per share) $ (7.32) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 5.41 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Diluted (loss)/earnings (in dollars per share) $ (7.32) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 5.26 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Number of shares callable by warrants (in shares) 81,224 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights X - Definition Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example, but not limited to, 500,000 warrants may be converted into 1,000,000 shares. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph i -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32703322&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of call options and warrants using the treasury stock method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Warrant -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528364 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 23 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1757-109256 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Treasury Stock Method -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6527216 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Call Option -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506649 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToCallOptionsAndWarrants Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1505-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1448-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528421 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration EXCEL 16 Financial_Report.xlsx IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#=1'D-!`(``/D:```3``@"6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;""B!`(HH``"````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#,F4%OVC`8AN^3]A\B7R=B
M;+.NFP@]=-MQJ[3N!WC)!XEP;,MV._CW ZI5['TGFR^ FJW7*I/S1-J]2)D\)9=XYKHEM
MY^.[C,'XP83AS=\#GO9]ST<3NH:*.QW2-]UG#+XQ_+E..S[+7G7WF/I(_+HY\?(@+@PS_;QQ\)HRP_%Q1WP?F8
MJYI`YP,\=S'#[HG/@RBDCO9MS*%68Y^8:Y[S`U_5*C0420TU![+Y6%PM_@``
M`/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`+55,"/U````3`(```L`"`)? ]=J>*V?5@^@8B)G:13'&HX<85?=WFQ?>*24FV+7^ZBRBXL:NI3\(V(T
M'4\4"_'L )MI<3_3_
MMCAQ(DN)T$C@\SS?BG-`Z^N!+I]HJ?B]SCSBIX3A363X8^&/I3F%*)YWMY\>/H:.I_REV+3'F.1=^EC:9J4CA^MC543#CZN
MAF/H\YG=,!Y\RH?CWAY]]>;WP?)ZO;'CWWN8[=6>Q4M=FO&E)C'%Z^F8+_W^
MYL-NUU;A\U#].(0^_>,:]M ,^I-),2]&>SY"L,K.Q_\')\]#%
M>4`XO%'&X0W"D4=E''E$.$S*.$P(1YPRCCB$XU@9QS'"N5>FN4 +H&K/
M<6ODQ^YN29S8^#'4W]*86V[,&U^:X-4RHED49NJ?,\BT=*FD=PB&M&D(XK!V
M7V?8UUF[KS/LZZ(=$((30EOE!%5.VLV"8+,0[?P4F)]NT?R,Z=3EW_*S^9V/
MD=$L>OG)XF:":>GB>C"]M9\4^*"0]F@(SH:UFPW#9L/:S89ALQ%MSQ/H>:(=
MWP+CVRT:WRF_!PRSPL^']OP)G4X[LW%D9W[-]X^PSI"VM`E*F[2E35#:K*TE
MAEJ21;4TQ>.LIVGIDI@"GQW1EI5`7;E%JW#EN^I3X]M^GLZTA$H-:Z&PO=V]R:V)O;VLN>&ULE)== (V@CE%SZ
MP;NY[X%,52;D?NG_M_WR]H/O& D?P?@?+_]Y J0!:19
M^KFUU?EL9M(<2F[>J0HDWMDI77*+1[V?F4H#STP.8,MB%L[GR:SD0OJ=PKG^
M/QIJMQ,I7*FT+D':3D1#P2VF;W)1&?_R8BD]W0F;JT'P5K3WVIP@3.+2W[D1FV;7LW!Q&ZZQ-3E8D7(TO7]R1#1:SK^7#6.6[WG,I?K4VME1LZK+D^MCXNQ&D
MEI@VYFPLL\JYW`,3DGU*4U4C67+/;K20J:@*H#*T/\%\K/-)Z%3SG6U3Z0]K
MN1<2#*,ZM$.!@^A7W!@69(OI+1C0CQC>0(_I:=JBF/8HMNN I[PW\K+&+;/W8K!WZ,$I@Z!`X/5AH6K_Q%A3!
MT$%P>K0&0I3'T.&Q'Z=V#DZ#=IJM@1!%,G20=(OHC:@H?1`$S#-Q"B%D4.Q=/P4:&$SE7D4/P"?%=@N2@H?0D=
MJ)*^*^).0B!B5,XWQH!PZW='?8(Q)D7)B.MUX&"5T6MA_?*`=CBFW>!A%.HO[)0E*;-P2
M.VOG`E^:\9TTQ;?YYJ-]'8X72;?B9Z=_:"Y_`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"```
M`"$`0@\1,$P%``"*%```&````'AL+W=O _]]QQX3;&=A
M25^`F)/Q\8SGG,2S;Q_UWGOG35N)P]PGD]#W^*$4Z^JPG?M___7\D/E>VQ6'
M=;$7!S[W?_#6_[;X^:?9232O[8[SSH,(AW;N[[KN.`V"MMSQNF@GXL@/\,]&
M-'71P66S#=ICPXNUNJG>!S0,DZ`NJH./$:;-/3'$9E.5_$F4;S4_=!BDX?NB
M`_[MKCJVYVAU>4^XNFA>WXX/I:B/$.*EVE?=#Q74]^IR^GU[$$WQLH=U?Y"H
M*,^QU<4@?%V5C6C%IIM`N`")#M>MN-_=9,HG3D!&`>R^\[9XK&=+WRK>V$_6_""(Z%`:A.@A\ZR"$C@["
M=!#XO@2A64SBY&LJ`2Y+9>FIZ(K%K!$G#[8>$&^/A=S(9`J1S^G!Q?0)NY8O
M2)0,\BBCS'WH&4A%"T5^7R39+'B'NI0:LAQ"B(U8G1&RG,"NIPA9,RE^7KDS
M$PF63&0E);4E#D#LGAIUYOT$D?80BPDDZ'XF$@R[Q9@XR?NPR`TA44]V90Q8
M$T=C)I;@N0^KZE> 03"U4>QR$$?W)\5"7;(
M.?M@B9!$D6,L9XDQL 0G<2AH#"8(6HU]DB"-B5137.E#(@7T[L(IM,/L(GNXI30&F:51
MF@TWE05)\L3:=W8"I3P]5V5*Q@:4@1M.C>1X.-A:Q("QAQ(#8]*3V&O1D
M?2,0FB_JBXIMT715GB`&:;(LB8"GO056%B1B26[JL4USE!60H1=DSMQ+C4%Z
M,6&6T&-[6I`H3*&!+U%L>E*:G2S>T24HZ&86,]<5Y$,;-#/2)(Y^:9H6A*21
M*30VS5&^0(;&D+G&H#&:'HUCLX*:GFD-A"2)V4TVO5'>0(;FD+GFH#%(+TIB
MTY4T.],>\M`$V-Q&V0,9^D/F^H/&N-JF:5G6$*=7C8&,)T!M%+$)2QB)DZ;O4(=;SD"X+H#_#9/[!GKH>HB&!(EU?)1#
MT*%#Y,["EQJ3JX>/AW3"'/%;68!X$EVTVV;FF,,7:1F:0GX)K$JRE"^^8`HW
MF)F`>$(OK6,S N;D)L>J.$'\YTW!>#W!5^C;E)SY1_$L/;`W-+B$ *A1\V;+5WR_
M;[U2O,EC'0J;MA_MCYP>J6PD9WP)1U'JW";H_X"3H&.QY;\7S;8ZM-Z>;R!D
M.$EA5S5XEH07G3BJHY07TS]]QU[#+%-FDWRL"1GSPQGQF./[=6WSZIT/EC3%KQ>NV3BNPZK
MYZ[1=5N^RDM=L[?Y@K?MM\_-/JS-OWMHC8YT#'NIV[1Z[
M[K3TO#8_LBIK)_S$:OC/GC=5UL'/YN"UIX9E.VE4E=[4]R.ORHK:10_+YAX?
M?+\O ].>^3G7YIB]UM1,\@VC),8@5?.WP3U
M^TY`8.R-K%_D"/S1.#NVS][+[D]^_I45AV,'PQU"1"*PY>X'96T.&04WDVDH
M/.6\!`'PUZD*41J0D>Q3/L_%KCNNW2":A+$?$*`[KZSM7@KATG7R][;CU;](
M(LH5.IDJ)_!43LAT,IV')(P>\!(H+_` <9,R9Q9')V?8<40K",>V!BV-BFJ0]0]0AQ#0$!L.M
M!W:]Y'K]@BST]^]-$`#?0T"S.#;?O+W",1ETS)B:C/0*X_(:(QXH/#T>,5`!
M3,C;<0DCX&EAA-'"E)`@9S;$OK4!:@.I!A@:H;YUC;>U"?+:A00,*0[LDD&*
M)LT&*`*A+#D2!.'"CWS?###5.7$<3N-`HQCZ80+ 2>,K-H8S3OD
M:!IM@-I`J@&&QH6I\?:\$V0S?T%HUP9R-&TV0!%0U1,$LRO%D>H 21>I6V(C5"%*/"[G8_&:F2E>-"9-_!<5CFW,%!W:HK5>IS)N(U0<
M%V"YBF7[F`41L;:,J2+(R$W!HO'E="^E[6[Q.W(X0J1&49%[UQ
MEC5'IFC1AC31=]8W-B]3_&4?*7.;$*W#J6S;"!TX8@MOK:CI\$][JTU$7WI<
M-'8S4[2]`Y2NS>5#:X(R#*HXF'$XX>/'K+54=V1F7'0I3?P7=8T]S11M[Z@)
MDO3):"-4<=3.-8)=*WQLS6B%G'!ZJX'"*=Z(XKZZD59F(PWGEHI$D;1H1@A5
MR`+'(("S[4+_S-,GNYALBT6@&RP,"QPOO&7`PVO%F@/;LK)LG9R_BQN$`!:(
M`1UN-YZGXEACX0E9PD%SC%.X#9&X-QC`9<0I.[#?L^90U*U3LCV\RI_$L"@U
M>)V!/SI^DD?I5][!-83\>H1K)P9'6'\"Y#WG7?]#S)[A(FOS'P```/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A`"]_B2P=!0``CA0``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULG%A=;ZLX$'U?:?\#XOT"%IHB17)55WK[0KK5;[\4R)DZ`"
MCH`VO?]^9SR$V`,W)9N'-MC'X^,SXX/CU=>/(G?>955GJER[8N*[CBQ3M VR:T]+S
MZO0HBZ2>J),LH6>OJB)IX+$Z>/6IDLE.#RIR+_#]F5 E2A&4U)H;:[[-4
M/JGTK9!E0T$JF2&*I'I].WU)57&"$"]9GC7?=5#7*=+E
MMT.IJN0EAW5_B&F27F+KAU[X(DLK5:M],X%P'A'MKWGA+3R(M%GM,E@!RNY4
M [W1SSH#?U3.3NZ3M[SY4YU_E=GAV$"Z(U@1+FRY^_XDZQ04A3"3(,)(J ,PSI.NE;W:CB7P+I%75!
M@C9(".S;_F`2/$0BFGT>Q2-&>H%/29-L5I4Z.U`U,&=]2K`&Q1(B7U9&/+JU
M_FBIL$8,\HA1UBZ4.ZRBAOR\;Z(H6GGOH&G:8N(^1MB([06!J0!Z'4=8N "8(MIA0@\DDBF;=1)KM]C;&
M(C.]APR"H>P,%:+HNDA2BC#33KJMT6#-#$4[7@8$KUW0N-,_BA[L5<>$F>K*
MF=I]V^$^B\_,YH-%/(5AMPL%!W%%%O;#('T:
MBWMH(-B@P8N2NHF&F"_"^:Q'@R!]&@*,?KP_8!2QVA
M`=FCK0%[R\>"0`O*#IR8>*'P_K`#V!29YXY,T\5\#:%FC$(L#']MTV2TV"SN
MLEQ!COE)F@Q;;6 !Q'
M/0K=V.1XK00ZL+0@HZ#-%IO%708 SE,+,F?_D>
M=.BU>\T3O*;-#\-O>_@KP!8,[=&PY9&4<12GS$YT<4`@4SBCQ6;!O/BV!P?D
MP1#LA@NV('-V&J9;[-F9!X_4@+S8+MVKRFWI$NB:-@;8XF\Z4/(*&';!@!GU
M)P(-&30_?^J0UFO";+$%8A[\R>QDHI^DQW!: A2W$;9#XA;4[1`X;ED?5M=X0V3MJ*LM$6.Z
M_J';D4)6![F5>5X[J7K#JQT\C'>MW;738XB'*=8>PW64OKOQN@ZX#3HE!_E[
M4AVRLG9RN8>0_F0.F[RB^R1Z:-1)W\F\J`;N@?37(]S[2;C(\"RWS)LM!G")V
MT-T"6V"QV,NS(M.V$,LR)*5I_WZ''%H94K[FI8VIP^'AS.$1-?>??U3;Z+MN
MVK+>S6(V&L>1WA7ULMRM9_$_?W_YE,51V^6[9;ZM=WH6_]1M_/GAUU_NW^KF
MI=UHW4408=?.XDW7[>^2I"TVNLK;4;W7.WBRJILJ[^!GLT[:?:/SI9U4;1,^
M'J=)E9>[&"/KLM!/=?%:Z5V'01J]S3O@WV[*?7N(5A77A*ORYN5U
M_ZFHJSV$>"ZW9??3!HVCJKC[NM[53?Z\A7W_8#(O#K'MCT'XJBR:NJU7W0C"
M)4ATN.=I,DT@TL/]LH0=F+1'C5[-XD=VMQ!IG#S F
M7/Y1[C1D&^ID*O! S(;.QN^?-)MP5D%,*,N#*1BGH+!.#?J"J--"`C^0_[_UNY[#:S6*0C-1D+
M!O#H6;?=E]*$C*/BM>WJZC\$,1*:82B]'29"1W>!3WN4/
M]TW]%H%J8,UVGQL-LCN(?-@9\NCW>FJKL$<3Y-%$F<4@=]A%"_7Y_J"DN$^^
M0TX+AYD/, $\C0]4P,V&."`Y2)DK)?R+)=D$G>RO*6E0T8-$:V+'B0[#EB9)^G!1GP
M5@:%7K]G`Y[%D-`^V4HJ?XMSQ$@KDX#5XO`LE$#JDS`RE8`]+P4S*223!F00
M,TTMF_&(9?[SA?^\?^AE:#(D)\!CSI,SD_P:*?FN.I0N8DB-R(#'P+QHR"D^
MO[(!^VD1/-CV'#'*9H6S*1-B/.XWCTJE$)9-IA)>2CW$8S?UV9GB7 ,JUS?7D`WE"_[V@)F+2+BMDQ%=3X-L7U#0T["-J0A!62;%,
MT./LZ'@0">>!U-'G]R'K9FC#M%9BJ"8$(4^>92JC_NB(>ICI%+9SDNE-%L^&
M'J_4^XER:D(051,9\?/T(0MGZ+T7U(0@RH*,>"QXX,_7G7T[R_?I8;4BSS3P\O.ZYVC&5$]*!3>CN0.1/-$1?W6(=/O9YV;6
MI1N)`U$6.,V.^"P"I[Z0@R,./;B5E[())JQKZ;@DV=N0\(=^OWZ
M3T?\.@8>?F6>T(//GWV.(,J"C/@L`J>^D(,C#CU4D^^^BM/CC`;-*41(!B;Z
M7D>?7^#/5V9IZ--'U(0@5),$V6?T?>:(4@P?B^ST.X\'7GXADVC&OIK"3WL;
MTE?3*0\W%W^JY>OR9&==\B8'(FJB(UZUQ$W^;-'!&V2@)@=RWJ3$D2\F#P+7
M2]#;"34)8ZHWWW+MK(#GX%[B0,Z;QDRFC+!`-?F8J>#@LZ>8WN3R8NCR2@4M
MD+D#T3KB-#OBU_%#'B[0GL][DP-1%CCM"(N;_%D,_7EXRW4@IR9S&7G/OZL1
MAL$VROM#/ST?LF[HI%[^]'8@[!`HN#$-S=.#A`RQUXJMR$HW:[W0VVT;%?6K
MZ:,*:#STHWV/]U&8UU4P/H?>KVV4!N,+#CUA@T_Z!]"2W>=K_2UOUN6NC;9Z
M!4N-1Q/(9(--7?S1U7O;&'VN.VC&VC\WT'S7T$T &PO=V]R:W-H
M965T X`PP&
MLSR['24Q.HX#V[W 7]\
M?Y@FL\5T4K_OCD_[]Y>'Z7_^_>73>CHY7[;O3]NWXWO],/VS/D]_>_SK7^Y_
M'D_?SJ]U?9F8$=[/#]/7R^7C;CX_[U[KP_8\.W[4[Z;E^7@Z;"_FS]/+_/QQ
MJK=/3:?#VSQ=+);SPW;_/H41[DY#QC@^/^]WM3KNOA_J]PL, C__RZ
M_SBWHQUV0X8[;$_?OG]\VAT/'V:(K_NW_>7/9M#IY+"[^_WE_7C:?GTS\_Z5
MY-M=.W;SAQC^L-^=CN?C\V5FAIN#4#GGS7PS-R,]WC_MS0QLV">G^OEA^CFY
MT\EB,YT_WC<1^N^^_GE&OT_.K\>??SOMG_[8O] KO3Q8R
MG>>B]Y=F"?YYFCS5S]OO;Y=_'7_^O=Z_O%[,>A=F2G9F=T]_JOJ\,R$UP\S2
MPHZT.[X9`>;_R6%OT[#Y8P
MAZ`T,5;;R_;Q_G3\.3&9:Z9]_MC:?9# ALS'Y,SP
M^5@RF0\'*@XH`+#68K%A:B.<9.$Y1*[)UN%R+9G(Y4#%`04`D8ND-,FC(QPT
M)2+7I#Z6:[=!9BI5=];83H:'EK=(6'J6P,E]9E4<4!S0""`:EU1CMS9+?IB:
M]/*IEZ]9\I7`*9K]FB2K9+U:A-5L0EAARG*]L/_\>L,.Q0PS0K8L.$5C2NA.
MYK8:,S=+IG,K$CXWX*"X `+5]79-I#!:N6N5FN[J6PG;C I!NQ%!I3TGRS+/!2D'!OY#SZT]UVXO/(V3R`@^;!`04`S"-+
M\I4Y3M$Q-&;DQ2+'##*+Q.Q0O!S=R]"PN?Z"OG;I2&@"`E$>:7R.#F".0DV4
MF@&H6&M4*'=ZQ%HV%\O "K3$<49YCHQRD@6_Z1A%E:TU([#";M(=UGLLI
MBU7I2%@T\D&P&L?90.HN9LQK-1Z#!MDZT'C=X%LDV"E[S3(!$M;-$>4X; 8$9=";6I-!,>JH(6!J=`5OM,FE]KSW\5@)1`M$8H0JM"R&%
M`W,$O,ML,']>D6>I!$@XUAQ1@J,Q0I5:HQFO%.R)QE1D!9"P4HZH!)"NK,",
MKJQ(1QEAPV;>DO(#B2.A&0A$"41CA,0Z9>XW+"N:7GTG;$?"2H4+"H[&"%5J
M5A9G1? 8PLRLR)-&D.YI[JM.8W.YA0LC68S/Q0Y
M4E!;"40Y)-1FYOV:$U#&T7F,,L0T8H@I/R $$7&8)I1G!7P+023`C[`D^.!D-/MM#9 4'0DI%(CR2.R4
M3!JO)')VD^TUO;A^GLB.A/4+VW. 2B#*
M([&*?*61ZK[)\S(P+UK41")SAZM G*96UKENF']P/&YC-Z2@)L!KDM+
MB!?E?)0C-FQ6E+,0'DAD1PI2*X$H@6B,D/3(;_*^IE??,=F1L%+A?8*C,4*5
MCC*X/&9P/)$="2N$;@%1GA-+Y"N-5+=UHM&)G(-_=2>R(P6UE4"40]H\G8E$
MY@3T)@V=QRA3S".FF+$Z4#H2U@_=`J($1V.$*KS)_NQ;0[V7?(X4=%4"40+1
M&*%*1QE%[;EN84;*(2Z7
M5[/FGVQF*'/.]")C7+)/.*2"3]Q.%*07PE$><06%[:BVC?R
M&_PYL\;NHW[#IJZ2;\1.%);HN@7Y2B`:(R2;=].IS%4ABID/#LSMF!^R:E46W/TJ@2B/Q,XCOI&7C()98T^8P1)QFNK'`DKY$:H'`=*19JLS.>K?*["I2`>A2A>WF2#32^>Q;Q4.!)2+A#E
M$9O%;`#M&WFI6#)'')8032\NFGE"Z4A8M'!&P=$8H>&UKC3:`I?@9=VIZTA8
M*70+B!( BJ!*(]$$P!>! MMXQXG3AD.!+6S]U/.4XX9+`@:$$(1RDZCU'VMY3V9SY"3C=]Z4A8?^MG[>UR
MY3DQ^_.-8@..\KPEF!=.EGS-[^0[$A8K/$]P-$9H.&]RMR485\_&$^[FN@7M
M2B`:(U0I>C0>&A6,9V7C"U98<41Z);KR6;ANOW`%?,J\;6(2EY\G3?3,T
M.;_85,3D<=[1PKY4`E$.00\.RG2U=I\
M$)=N8(U[4 `*G(SD3L9,MW0DK%T8H.?8]&!51_M&7C16YH6'.TS#9H$6
M!WQ'PF+MB^#449X3%8OH-,+,#H=E]RIBBUDH^'![W)&PZ-;G?%D6'(T1JO0F
M`UR!DW57.D?"2H4!"H[&"%4ZRN)6TN(B.XT;6N6Z! YTO%DLY94T[D0E
M,Z,;F`;2\`JYT;B]52N.*(_$BK1O%!N->5]/10,[PU4AW[!33+D2GB<0)1"-
M$1I6ZR_HL#DPK.!*/3G;6E>[EZH51Y1`-$:H4N9R/;&,N9N()9!"AE8KCBB/
MV(4/]Z7`V4AC&)WH7C-7&Q;AIA @+6T.'E;R)'P!(3%>4YLY_E&OO/6HRRN8;-HBWM!CH3%(L]J$D)Y3LSB
M?*,0:UT';R()'X3)1H",56-L:2%@L1Y3GQ%+;-PJQS.5ZQ()-$;%9., !@9DH==RE6@N7$X@2B,8(5 6$3,3E_IK
M;EV50)1'H@O?#D`;J6[F:P,C+/TM4M.$OZTYHAS27G&PLSIKQ06/3N(FZUN#
MAY&$3D+%=`G-C:YRW3'3&;U4X$A(M$"40C1&2$1OFG"C!T1BAX;S)
M_C;@8]T'#$?"2H7]"8[&"%7*/*YGX2/>)NN$\+8-1Y1'[#*SQ="D,5R,4-W,
MX`;N,KAZ(XDKZP2_Q*LV'%$.,0D0G0#P12N9@?F^YRVE#KJQ6IWQ2M&R4)I(
MR'RKW4K`M^#,=]E;J&,#)@OF@]U9`W0F&7T7#(Y$+8M(%A8H648R8K$06X,:
M[2;)PG;K,^R61?1"QP"9$'/(Z$40T\O A(S.ED77O5D;
M([EMY1=[R8+979_DB,_E88^WJ2",#EX'IZJ1S%E&)X)8:)G##2L8R0*LSDR_
MXZ*O985UKR1D],)8@67T(HCI'65RR2+B T%0`%^M+!>YU1B^'C%X.
M&;T(8GJMG:`JUA=7]8^2^]QL"(:7R5W5/(Z-X LY^A8SA97I7QL:ITKNJ
MP>>^@WE0W,?VI?[']O2R?S]/WNIG(VTQLV\LG.!1 4+6:&_'P\7MH_;%GT3QE\_#\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0#4J_N<6"8``#G:```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T KJQ>WW#_
M[[Y_?G?U/__]UY>'JQ>/3S??/]Y\O?]^^^[J'[>/5W]Y_\__]/;G_R`C?']]=?7EZ^O'F]>O'#U]NO]T\OKK_ OK?K7:O?YV /?TC#WKUXMN'-__V
M^?O]P\WO7\7OOW>;FP]E[/P/&O[;W8>'^\?[3T^O9+C7"I1]/KX^OI:1WK_]
M>"<>I+"_>+C]].[JM^[-J3_NKEZ_?YLC]+]WMS\?X?]?/'ZY__DO#WO?GXC_'V\8.$5(9YU6_32!_NOPH`^>^+;W O=JNU^M.U%_\?OMX]-?[]*05R\^_/GX=/_M_U2ILZ%TD-X&60MZ
M.]Z_Z@_;;KMK&&5CH\C?993NU6&[W>P.^^581#,[)'^7499C>:W1R;YYN
MWK]]N/_Y0E)8_'_\<9,F1/=&1BY1UIB #LA9PG]**>(P5L
M4DY@R\] 209M]RCI"SY#0YL5\&%
M:]79G+T>HF",@A,('#;)X^78DO*[*_%\"F[,#%79YKSI#IL5!6Y`C;[K^GT,
M[:@:DWLG$#CPDN3+P2?E`'ZU\R?U6G5V&7W?]8==Q#:@QGJ]6A^BQJ@:@!X$
M#OVN!7U2CNAC[%5GD]&'=!WTF'K6'8Y;H4#O^UBLRU0Z@\D1UX`R`P'F2-ABP8#[O05+V'JS7
M/H37JJ(.[+9]?XS0!M38KV5RA!B,J@#80>"P'UNP)^6`?1.PJXIBWTAZK".T
M`376.TG^J#&J!H`'@0/?2;XLCWS6#O"W`;[I*/Y^U>WW&XZ^4^IVF]UZ0VZ.
MI@1>H,2[D3@,$FC95.B4^7`9705A=14T!7][2SQ
MKB0^`U>>GPN=LI]SX1#/B.JH"]UZO3VN:*H.-I`J[??;?E\Y(3H0>@$2[T6B
MN>5>*"FB%YN)PO.VY;I3'06X[;L#X1N R6NZ#4Z%R(
MNX4\XKLK.Q&[35_))1U&561>,"?;(.C!'"NGG7V#!TJ/SH.XKN81BP>'7=]5
M3H(.8TYNMOL*,]LPZ,,)_):?!:5*YT-<7_.(Q8=NMSNN-[2`#EY)]D_'
MHVCYB36:$KHQ1]5=8K[E;BA/HAL2:O_KUWG(=U?U7<9S!\?SP?,.`R5^'B?6
M6XY;.=+CIOBK4ID%,:I#]_SQT8YCU-4B2SSZ1'O+T2M)(OIM..77G>J4[-X?
M5AT[M>3LUF@XZD;"616Z]WQ\E.%,N^U,3J'K9WJEG
MRM[&K:#IE#RK;P6=TMQ6T)30P3G:[IMH.VO'J_RXTIK2].L#24:2G%#B`]Y$
MR^F66+ADV$]G4O=&IF.![HZRR8.SG74&I],=]LQ ^.NYY41AL%79CCZ3YQWW(7E"F="_&:)X]8UK]]?Y1UE5Q`FM[+=33QQVBC
MH`MS+)UNO"QW(6O[5.K[Z(,IV7PX['CA'YS*9BU[V>CF:"K@`TIQ\.(O`T B&X^!5NOV&YOYH*NB*,G66^+,1>/GY+=.:^?@0KS]-QUSHMUO*EL&KR-41
MSVM301?FN'C=Q,59.YR%2,6FHRYLY-9>S/?!:1Q7I#":`N*?NX!>-S%UU@[X
M(\>9CN'?RNW?RCE0QE<=.4O;0R6/5`>=`(G/HR:F7E>8>DW3&IGZ9;?O-]O*
M;$"EKM_M*PNL_1JZH599XMUHXNJULB5RA/"L)^)K4])`OY23T56\0++>K/MC
M):&`F?->ZV0#5YQHXNHU EZ=O
MUF%M'9S"]E6\?3G:\ 9TO3K`TE&DIQ0XN/;1*R;"K'&26@ZMI#,3$*G
M5)^$IC(Y>D*)=R)0:]KH;(0"+H1;F4Y )7#BA_;C*:"P9ZCT$TBI>4N*(7AC-Q3
MQB`YUJ]/\H^>+V&JUR>F@B[,T>>FB3ZSME\2NXY6%:3&X[9R)]2&T1,E`_`5
M_6@JZ`+0J4^D)O+IMT878D/3D !.Y==
MGV2KL$IV-"O@TM2F;92,-A`B!1T7[6T3AV;MF#`QW*9DX=X<9;<5>';P*L<=
M7Y.;!KB`$N]"$Y%NF4AIQV@ZEM"UMS4_NIE
M-`WT!(C;>])$P5NFX*Z+%[*FI"YTM2=(3N/EFF\BCJ:!'LPQ\#8P\+)U,UO%
M"1'VMM>F=#X9W9H>N@]>YR@OI-&5XF@ZZ,TR_BY<6UZ9@3\K!L
M7W$"^?KEMN>;)Z,-@S[,L?&VB8VSMO>AZ^)]9U-2)_J.[]T,3N-EMY)7CVE:
M`/7JU;@99:?\M`AD?&%B*U/BQ.ZZN*_;%CI-K^L&:(,=+)F6GLG%.5W,I_45
M)`[\+O#SLAF1K>)YB-=;IJ0XY0[5EA:?P:G(&]>\<1I-!7())=Z7)J+>*5O*
MLCU=Q/0ADM>F-/WZ0)*1)">4>(2!B)==;NV4+EW*]'$;;4H:[4YN]FUH;1F\
MSFHES^\H=TQG\OB$$N]-HCRXGEF8.TJ4WINX"]VIDGHC90&4XX/3.&ZVI#&:
M!GJBHV:)]^27.'K''-WUHLTI-G@E?K-)@W=*@S[WXT["E#2(>[FQDO[X%7YP.EW*
M*-(936?R](02[T43"^^4&[T7D85-J:1"VB40Q,$KI<>.I#.:#KH!W.S=2"P'
M"]*%=%%.]&Y$)MZIDKFQ7FUX8@Y>1]Z$JCQ\-!WT8HZ2][]$R=DJ3N)(R::D
MWFRE6(J?+0Y.9[]+&B'[1E,!9U#B3LD^(RCLA6P1EZ?&1*=FKZ?>4]6* FHEPHYE:J;HZF@#W.DO?\ETLY6_GS(2W]^
M>;TVI0G%0)+1).JOW!KF>\,G-/+A;^+G5(@84FB[BKQF2@@Y\NQ(.B>4>(1-
MS+MGYN4J-U-"A&HV24;2.:'$(VQBWCTS;T^KH^I,1B/
MN(EE]\RR/16XF1)"5C.%O%Y7;D.,9'1"B8? 'L.9$D)&CJT7LY'1
M"24.\N&7Z#-;^65!]K=A63`E@&X26_3D(E=*7H@NR>R$$@\^T.7S.YB#4A6N
MR_1,W'00LUHIYGK1&E"@[M!Q%`\X, TU'02L5I;2U4HU,CJA
MQ"-NHKX#4]\Z+KVF@XC5RM)"WG[:\=7X2&8GE'C,OT1U![X^I7O(IH/8U 7Q"B>1(H')D6Z)6PZTX\/)E'(]?HX,CJA
MQ"-N(L4#D^(FWCLR'42,G%@MAR.;$TH\X"9*/#`ETO-CTT'`CA%WJ^.1;Z.0
MU0DE#O(Q4.+SK)*U/15NXB)M.@#9)&79D%M8![H_-)+9"24> &9Z6"PU:I,P?J^CLQ.*/'8F\CO
MJ#0FL_%\?WN[BL\;3`E!J]DD&4GGA!*/L(GMCLQV5&5F.A. 9!>32?@R/_/2 MI3O*:X/A6ETBKTJ3G0`'40#>1(C=BAF1RM^*T@1@*"++F'VUM82-/9D);OVY
M+`JXFUA1ZAPYX/'ZJBA-``0W$J-48/2U>*O.9":X011P-U&CO*%!N+G0K6A-
M"`0XLN-FO>57I"115& )-,GF-GUR8`TO%(18I:'N!5:K7'HC39G9PH
M``\,^OS^5=XEIW!+)5VX:5.T)@2"W#'G<55YLEAT)C,!KF99%(`G:FJ(N#(9
M1IP+TZ2"A$.N(DOPW:'R/B6;"7`8*0!O8T[KG(3`J1A-WO!GW"I2W+* P^7XJDA+M_I7J[`K$-#11D"#*(!N8TGK@.1`$\M0FR2)K=+=
M&;04Z,,?=@'841]KE!%J$S)144/ ^J =V]5G+&=B @V3D!J<20="]/O
ME'=OQ*12759TD,IQI``\<4Y#IB1U?_N!GA#(:Z59:0(@N%5T9G)NS3L6G J`?HDWJ-R3`U 2G@2F@>>+A6N98>5YSJ*BK`*\\FV4I2'08*`0_\N335E=/'[:,F+_H'(&')O.U'-U
M9"BG8)90 &I`KFWGD
M1)[81*@@=^19K]'JR$Z0S])G;OP#R!?2I_4+\AX0?9K6M+I)=B-]UNNRBLYD
M)@[,TF=L1[34`>4YYP`_,Z&>0N*`&FKR5(NQBHK#/TNKL1?14OS* 19#B(_(*>6_HL#[!U`$+BX2JF#OL$V>)"
MHI&U3DX4"ZIL[:!DU32"*NAK9D
MU!H]2::HSF0FP$$4(A[H S.UZ
M&F*O_(6QIQJGCEH`"7)'E[5/ W(<>Y37-P8J!CFL4*N)_Z!B"_-=:9)JGJ2
M_BAY17$>J,CF:OW[6V0F M7`B]]>M!Y%0'U6%3'^,E$RGP>B44FPGN64+-K78:G,-\'(3H#/TFENJ=,`7$G-
MY0G=4Z$V/0+ CL9\"`,O.)$N0@"AF>B*H!.;,HUT=UV(>GI$HAQ%J%%!L(
MY&(0.SG*RY1MD)E!^XZC#<17(*O(EA.NDU(@_IW\V?X^T@*O#;7R(*8(U4KI
MF`A`4L3Q9[U:JBA-K"7A5KO:I$S$U)`ARF,..%T54R\>`8ZT.?.%KZ+D@,_R
M9FZ5TP"<>9/KICKJOR/(D3CKE5-%QP&?Y . I)QE8FZ,QG6\E0
M/)@ESMB;YP+A6Z< J:G"_C@EN=70D- =@AN9L_[EL([,)-ZSQ)E;XC0D2H4XZ>MA'?;9*,3)7?%`=P+
MEY9*VQXNJL*..P6_X\UZ4169"?Y9ULP]I=5JBILQ5.``PEFD7S/.XHD
MOB`*.!,7-<27J9*KJK#]3H&I=N6#6/&FHH`&3LPV`AI$'G3NE;, N"LA,`IPY,"9.BHR$^"S')B[YC0`9P[DIPK8B:?@1@ZL?YFK(S/!/ /R,I.TU-NHI#@#+99',R"@2O"`*,S(1#N"]-".5GS"Q*W54V)VG
MX%1#FY*UCW))(Y>\JN(M*10YW-)GM06WJOL5F\JHBM($8"@BA5TMHRHJD]7)
MB0+L)D+L*\U]I%H\O&5:M"8$@EO9SW!S&551F&P$-3!F0)T(:'&2R-/S?"(Q
M2>CUAZ(T`1#0:F !6LRP*N!,1`>YED[&O-/BAEPB*T@1$\"OO
M&?[:][:*RF0E\.?8LL\==`#^\W-3U7V. XXL
MY?W:7PL[DR:74>G@^&Q#\"-KOJQ_6:LH.0_F:%->3/,>7(H\TV;!/2)LG2%J=%H?`]]P^A LB51&5;0<
M7B30F3(JMA,/9DDT=]&!%%^8*M9\QZ4ZE5'UV*)'=UQ%I*E>+:,J*I/?@G^6
M3',WG5_`K_3F\< 2)
MG!J2H\*=?2RCDE95C%Q%EM?U,BJV$^0P5$">Z*D!>84\Z=%?C\U[2FXX\I0=
M5>7K4&PGR&?I,W?1+U\0*?5(1A'0&Y=@C?=;+J-A,'("1?.AC8Z"%#E0:
M!$E;`I^^U_))*W+`=0C:UKYIQ58G)PKX*[1ZN;:WK_0)DCX%A!^XT%+(##7Y
MZQ^R*H/CDC[;**C/G7@@@RZLB]:XQRWI5$:E@_J-EVL4)"R?VN5Z?T ^_H4G$!]
M!6<4"4X0!9R)DAKBJ0R&\>05!+OX%)B%^6JOQ,I;3F'&"F(0!<2)BAH0*W,Y
MQ%1(UV,'GP)9#0OA\&?PV$A@S_)D[K;3`)MY4BY'_-2Y[K&%3X%=^*X>Z7*T
MU$((9!"%2`>"7+I*,U'V])A$6A&' "'@0+^Q#\-(5>Z
MPDRAJJD>N_>4B!>:JT>\'(6(@\@CSIUYEB.V1CX.,6VT36GBA4':M5KLJXC/
M1R?$*`J(`Q->())*SQ\JE9+7!R@U7,N?[:[2NYRM3DX48$O,,#46IK8U\'$!
M)S;AQC^]:_S3[RN)34:"/F$T.@WH$^TTI`F3('TA2EXAF'[-$OLLJJ=)-!#$
M(`J(`QTNC;?R%L9;-A%Q%<1V/06Z&MI2LNJ/_.5/N=$!8'0!0<2'S4$'*E
M+P3.MS:Q2T_!76BO'O)R%&8FB`+B-IZT5CP.<7R2UF._GH*X,%X=<3D*B$$4
M$" 3D`%$`'HCRTB+(!$D?B^JY
MPT\1*?#U=BW7/K29)C-)ZEF"C"U^+N%F@I2[1C0;@=U*Q(NHGB/E*.0(B'RH
M N(R]$IR&.0TR+-#;BL;0PD4W$7IYN5U9ILI-0)WA58FSK
MZ=-;BQT$+G>Z8D)C(YZ"O!!=/=;E*,0:1"$[$N4T)+0R%$*FST?UV("G(%:[
M"[$&^LMV$FL0!>")>0#X0DJWWCK.`;K#B@UXB@-*=.I`?0=(5@)_EAYC)Y\+
M:Y\UXI'3>+XSS-5/\J;#E)D%=Q2-K"4X02N$.;$.A/D23B4I#"]5/_7 !5!"BMI$81U6->CL(J`B(?\[:N/?(IHIRG")GJG8H27CB:W;,AI\8^
M)S=2P-W&C94N/E3NU&/O'8NTB6SU$YKIN<29[00XL&8`+K%KF):5-CY4[]1C
M[YT"//U,Z>(C#:`XP\E(4*M1/G$!=:(AR/`+BXGUU,$TX4](]=AYI\!6NM-X
M2T%P!3808C82V"`*L!,)-?A!';?E$5K)OBCP7CYB7[FB(;-3,:NLV+GOS?*(6YL<
MC#B56/382\=2Q42*>ROO$E1N49*9X)[EQ[:N/+WUR1$&.&^ON:BI:.&:C0UV
MLB\C:PE."4C]BC'WN6F(KW(4QI>*FGKLG5/BJW9:'[1^%9\K"&@@OVPCH$$4
MLCGQ3@-HI2D'FE@%V^84T&I70/?A5H^`!OXKH$$40"<6:@"MI"4Q.&`&4=-BT!T613XW _C"S2@?!`TBP0NB@# CZ7HY#/(`IQ3F33
M@%BY24[;1'U .GD4X)RR.F1/K7"&7H3:4Y7;W&0D23U+!OF#C6`_@)K6T,;
M1%TI6L*V-R7@A=WJ`2]'(>`@"@%/E`.0EP9 ?+D_;#:5
MVV%D)T&?I!G437FYZ-3S%'D8Y[[TC0@9F:L
M5"IALYL"N5S8U2&7HP`91`&RQ`O3Y%*0DWHD&=HV89^;`ED--U=UR.4H0`91
M@!QX<6%F6QL;&1;6;7IG#YO=%.B%Z^K0RU&`#J(`/9%00X(H9\EP$V0N3,(V
M-P4RD%T6C?(9MGSFIJWLR8D"SL0\@#.%>,'5BG6R<2'FPB3J=S/T9U$]Q,"#
MV1N!#J(`/5%0@)Y>D+N4V,IC`!U$`7KB(8CZI6@K;7G(]&XD-KLIT2Y\5X= \G.1[O-BJYL"&0@NBV0N1I$D-(@\SK8>.7VE1TZE^(@:W@S%
MQ95L^%\=,H&%`7(\NLMD)-Z
MX$$N-\(>-P6R&LY%N1P%R"`*D!/-0)07\J`ULI%A@52(!['=38%>:*T>[7(4
MH(,H0`\\N!2Z C@)T$`7H%6I C@)T$`7HB7D@82ZL>-;'QD,F2L1N-P6R,MRVOM ?;_[AY^'SW_?'%U]M/,N3J5;IB?[C[G%)1__%T
M_^/=E:QDO]\_/=U_R__[Y?;FX^U#4A#E3_?W3^4?Z0=^WC_\D6&__W\!````
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`%O_HLI$'``!R)```&0```'AL+W=O =3]-@-EM,
MSTEV\6R$^V),C/QPR':IRG DHJT%\>LVO91#OOQH0[)\67E^M/
MN_Q\A1!/V2FKOM=!O )_\>QTMO.GC0UV@?[/TM42_3\IC_OI+
MD>U_SRXI5!OVR>S`4YY_,=3?]@:"Q5.Q^G.]`W\6DWUZ2%Y.U5_YZZ]I]GRL
M8+OGD)%)['[_7:7E#BH*8>Z"N8FTRT\@`/Z?G#/3&E"1Y%O]\S7;5\>-%R[N
MYLM9Z`-]\I26U>?,A/0FNY>RRL__69+O0MD@@0L"/UT0/[@+5G-_OGA'E-!%
M@9]ME-$2(K<81+>+1TN8VJ+4-59)E3P^%/GK!!H7TBZOB3D&_CU$;HIK2]&6
M^ZUJ0YE-D$\FRL:#$P>%+*%%OCY&R_G#]"MLZ\YQMGV7$# [A4(:2C(`R=`^C
M>QN2#_0,SL=L5`AG:3@OLPAX)(T5E;"UG*C-/>:`XH!&`-$(+8HU#FLSY(T'
M!4`E7C-MEH.T<4`U`(JRFM$HNN'P%H%^QW+'E=0L8B5=L9[<6@Z2S0'%`8T`
M4M(%U3A<4D-F)5VQCMM:SKP^I+Z_]%?+&:M7C"F+U I;F-8XW5;>P.[Z&;\BO>/
M;TE8-T>4X&B,4(7&G,8KM%8&;X@4=@YLQXF/_*Y&8H$HA[AC`.-0C!/*6,(5
M:+[R,+=!EP1`F.Q@A5:-P**1PWN 4X33@E34>@L2.[%OK/'2* M)[M]15&ONF'7CH.J*Q#ED,'VQ:NH=.,QJ,C#1RZPCD0[@@\%1\*:&R-KRJT$
M1V.$*H1WPPK'M4%@5O'+!*'4DK!2CB@7J.-HC%"E[S*SH,_,V$G>.E+W[K%`
ME$/L_H=A&(GAA==0Q>\RKZ#/O/CP X$6ZTJC4B
MV,_N6D$,KSHD&5X"42UBQ+(.TF^\2(O,7&UD`UN;&IYC`?>R6"!*(!HC5"GS
MLI%*I:>)CQT!-[!8(,HA0WV,HE#AS-=&"N_S-W$"&^]J9E<<M(^.1QFU."HS%"E!H#&W_ 2*72^<3`""T'UY@CRG&&6Z59-=0JS`5'
M9M'CAFM^H1ER[XL%H@2B,4+KS2QPI%)KA5")S@K%7=#0DG#!.:($1V.$*F6F
M-VS6H?4Q8M9R>@BS1R!C+>+'6AJA8=B=D6X PWA9TT>Z7YQHM6MWV4PSYF77^J&'I[R"9SWJ7X_P;$\*#QO,[H!\R/.J
M^S4VYJ1$BJ)- OF;*YKQ36O#^7UM-;_^!9^6>I:VV770W:IK\5:_UZT^M?-SS^M
MWNOFI3T71:>!PK5=Z^>NNQ'#:/-S467MK+X55SASK)LJZ^!G 5S>0>"XO9?>=B>I:E9/D=*V;[/D">7^83I8+;?8#R5=EWM1M?>QF
M(&?P!\4Y^X9O@-)F=2@A`VJ[UA3'M?YDDM2T=&.S8@;]61;O[>1OK3W7[U%3
M'GXIKP6X#>-$1^"YKE]H:'*@""XVT-4A&X'?&NU0'+/72_=[_1X7Y>G >B[8+2ZJI:_EKV]757SS*[+6XBM6KP%&H>#-W,;?-!T2<7@2.O8@Y6[JN
MXRT7GW\2B&3YP+$763PN`I.#B$G,?@HL4$/LB[;K)KZ78.9
M!,/0WC(Z+TUB0K&(X>9C,Q3`/XT_##Q5>:(R:QW2@Y%MH6C?-L["7AEO4&AY
M'[/%,:8 Q5$*H@4D&L@D0%Z01(1MB*$??7`E$+-!IF_;06K(6 V0:N#?4Z?1,),6T]P7CI([#UK`
M89PLMCH5AJ"A!!#9(Q(B$B$2(Y(@DDZ)9`>L@@_80:.9'2*)+2>P_`JR0R1`
M9(](B$B$2(Q(@D@Z)5*BWD.)TF@Y44[<28$C$O0$:F\H!-ORY&K9#T'"L1"1
M")$8D021M"=L+*3 ?.R31W1(*>R+DKJ\1^"!IR1R1")$8D023M
M" D8`3UV/;IS4W
ME75C/YP?W.@UG$$U0JKQJ4EU`XX&\L(_(.@-.?%BHAKECS57'^B"7.6HO/<>?S^7I
M%?(0=UR0(G2O^#/W2J1[.;;GV^J]TNF])&-IXR4Y>Z>ZH.\5Y<7"91=[I-BH
MC/6NCYKZV"//'VIH+Z+8>P(KZ+!'4YM$U#@F,=9*1-2HE4I:L@VT$9M.OA_8
MP/LVV&U%Z6Y-CFPX#&7AV$I9[$34^%"!0&,V>X$L/A_-.?VG5$\?8TUFH+AL
M%(\%&L43@;CXPH?"5+1325OVB?9I#_C$VSK))XZ4 V+^Y)`G2`V?V#H$NK,[W"70S&"^\PF=]OA$X)/@[HF]3^@2
M@*\(?4(7`GPB\DET]T3L$[HHX"NV'MFR<5;LVWED=X\''H$&!NL$"P*;.^:I
M1V"+QSQ8$MA&,8^7!#9"X,;P0/!-XY:=BE^SYE1>6^U2'*%XYJP1:/A7$?ZC
MZ_>]Y[J#CQEL"SS#UZL"7E_G,^@:CG7=B1_T!L/WL,W?````__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`"````"$`L@/N%8L&```E&0``&0```'AL+W=O VANH]Z7X_(P?IAY9FR/O=O/WZJ+\K5HVK*^[E1]L525XIK7Q_+ZLE/_
M^A)^6JM*VV778W:IK\5._5ZTZN?]K[]LW^OFM3T71:>NN[F:UN;G
MHLK:17TKKO#F5#=5UL'/YD5K;TV1'?M!U44SEDM'J[+RJE(&M_D(1WTZE7GA
MU_E;55P[2M(4EZP#_]MS>6LY6Y5_A*[*FM>WVZ>\KFY`\5Q>RNY[3ZHJ5>XF
M+]>ZR9XO$/ OQ#0Y$@@&
M:VATV&?@CT8Y%J?L[=+]6;_'1?ER[B#=-D1$`G./W_VBS4%1H%D8-F'*ZPLX
M`/\J54E*`Q3)ONU4`SY-R"%`RA
M]64@D(%0!B(9B&4@D8%T`F@@RZ`-5.?/T(;0$&UX5` M^!#?!D(
M9""4@4@&8AE(9""=`((0YHP0)A3+_'3G-4%&P<2>UH1NB8$>J,W*&,3Q$.(C
M)$!(B)`((3%"$H2D4T20`!89H1;NATZL84:MIK&OI"0?J-$*'N.DT1U1(&\P
M&DH!(0%"0H1$"(D1DB`DG2*"'+! [EX$$S-&"A"?(HX,*&&0C`-J1""P8@K%B(D0DB,
MD`0A*4/Z.2C$#N7[0.S$6HR=(M/8$>)31(I])4Z"8#`:8D=(A)`8(0E"4H;@
MV$FG.MT7[\]W8BW&3A%[->8=(3Y%(':R7QI+>7$,AO=#V(QCW$LBQ!H/HQBK
M*8J9#.\Y:SIE%0H`F@I!!-H],3& ]T8A[[3/(A!D]C#.6TIX;,"N;>,DUL71ISH6<
M'GJ"P S4R <2']> KI]L/SFN==HO0Y/"8#PP2ZM;2
MI=GFC59\H,\@ F)4E=G=`G_(N;/CV6N5I)
M;J:<9Z;Z2) "N5*!2U2'=*)(G?^UOQ!&:9VCD#A/#>E\
MXI$+'1AH3"N-0C_:8*B5N,$84A\2 VRA6BDD5:NT5WMPB4=R(.PU%+*@:YMLS-+`@`VTI\NG
MA7-`N6"/F'))&U[$G1B7@)A!]YU(1B=H#N1##;FC[$NLWP!I#NB=([VCJHKF
MI?"*RZ55\OJ-W">"I_OM`-/+3EAKX+:SIY#>P#7H4[]\2_B!7(^2F2WCA@MW
M(#,X?*!?"23[)\M]@A!F!E@NG)UG;,BP
M&;C^[!O8$URRKN&OP$[@DN4-OX$-P8UFW\"^X,:S;V![?^7"40[CJ>/"@0[C_MJ%LQ3&X[4+IR'`M!4UQW_
M03XP_(%C_R\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#S\R8T0`X``(Y!```9````
M>&PO=V]R:W-H965T _WO_];[??]X>OQY>F.0V`X>UX-WPYG=X7H]%Q\]+LUL>;_7OS!E>>
M]H?=^@1_'IY'Q_=#LWYLG7:OHW`\GHYVZ^W;$!D6AVLX]D]/VTV3[3??=LW;
M"4D.S>OZ!/T_OFS?C\RVVUQ#MUL?OGY[_V6SW[T#Q9?MZ_;T9TLZ'.PVB^KY
M;7]8?WF%\1Q.L-C\_^#X\O^^^JP??S']JT!M>$^F3OP9;__
M:DRK1P.!\TAY%^T=^-=A\-@\K;^]GOZ]_UXVV^>7$]SN"8S(#&SQ^&?6'#>@
M*-# %1+!JQ8
MH272E6,O.BU@CR5IUUYFU=EF%"+"6"1%P8;PQY )2RTD@;+D
MK"2_[=\_D@1J2=;$L$A-$`GA5MA^SL:RGRD98?':%@>(3&TNR152D)==9U:*
MIU1>E4)JET=H8FHF(4I//#B#;\WEZ`E*8/%UAJ]*(],.K*KMAH**(X(@"#O'
M ^4B69^D16@53CMYEG&D$W;.4/3-E,E8R\N"[[NA!A#EKADR!)7#'U`
M7//UEE@*9.HT5Z`?RDT!5GM0K/#]71+DA:*71%.R$J&(7%'4<>5LY6:?PY6<6X6/:$(+J$;@@2Y(:@(JZ(.)JCB',MHLLL
M130EHA)Q8M='5O'"Y,5*4RB'4`2STYF\7N"D`5J%-B0R@L"1`SIGR,92P8YN
MIE-Y.5,">K!R
M)9W*%;9@*YA_G?#AV*M'5VSE1I9JL6*KI(VL.)XE*FQKMNE)0Y.QH4W2AH96&2@U5&JH9ZI'!E-.?
MD`&K;R*LA3LT29$M:.)B,H-L=MO6>(UL`&`M$XU;]F+JWC!^>(UH"9:Z9I
MF658F/+8U>.'2C+S--;;(A`$\Y)[D6HH(RBQ*TFNH8(=[01QM?'BJ2; ^L.G6ED6.UZ1G9(C](GO
M5 T52V6
M3&];K!BB'>J&TF4>!NV-"0K&R49
M0^[D[:PLESYW9$ O=VV0&)
M2#/#%OK]T$K:LGBR8A4N`W#N;9M2 *@Z5YO@@FF `7/.NJ5B!PG(M#4MINL+F1+W8F2H/.=J-@*[SJ K2[*2V^ZYNCVXZ0`KGO29=60HUU"AH96&2@U5&JH%)`/9
M%/9N()]?A"+,'.U!KP,PUT[3,,BR@L!)Z
M_-BZ:5B\=1,AI^=II*",(/>%%@T5[.@*H[A*=H0PM6N)VH%:*ZL.6H8RID
M-W7XZERW`X4:0,F#D%=6>`?"*3DZV_B,(/?=%@T5[.@6$M2BKO* ;]!:`K9PX8\@I6!FR]!5#M%D*@[&6BFWT;BGVJ_WS@=>:>U)A
M6>\%GG\$0HYNY#%DIU'.$-WVL7J>79"%&V3L9(.Z9,A25PPQM>:N!;[
M9"++73%$E?=\K!^7"VZI7E_A'3CJ79?[X0S:S_T$);#L=%,KFGLE4DI6(O:0
M"W9+5CZ",$`B4*\G^M!&1!^YN=&GR"ON`I%/`_CXQ]OYUF2#Y%+`S]7=L:Z[
M"?(627L"T#X/3=G*JI(Q9!-.SI!-2P5#;EQA)YP%MV0KRU4Q9+EJAGIRE5]X
MFQKBJI/;6-?@!'EIRU\PR4J$#G*)T"'(W1RKP[V"N.#^VF#5Q[2ZQ9(A>ULJ
MAF2+_BG%I19ED)F:^?H2),82VRU!"!)!%H_]/2Y;V5N>,60#(V?HPJ*)G8"G
MA3R-5]:1H9(A2U\QY-+'8Z]HK-D*4F277MP[)O4SM:^KGU_A7K=&8`4M9$5(
MG.S$_BO(*3Q(\4L[ANRSF9PA"-AN1+%Z892L+D6J:K%D>MMBQ9#;HJI^:MLB
MW#4I:^_&X6 ?3M<7HY>L97M1$G0^4Y4_9WPZ,V7N$:(`A]/C`%7.RU7 7ZM/>#A],(\>M97LG`*/FU4>MV%)[;@TW#D%].^[`F]+@`9]BL+;
M#L#6=R6#X?2-)H/8ZPT]B+P^/(.XZPNN$J*N#\_F"_B41RM2SA?P:0[@HTY$
M^!K^??W -Z^'0>OS1-,\G'[%OH!OZ?'/T[T:=*7_0D^A(==(GSI#/_N
M00,?&8_-RVU/^_V)_S`-=/^2POW_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$` $A$0A54/5;=(F3=,NSPZ88!4PLIVF_?*84VSEP0??_[.
M=R[XL+E]KDKKB0K)>!W;ON/9%JU3GK'Z$-N_?C[<1+8E%:DS4O*:QO8+E?;M
M]N.'S8F+1UE0JBQ@J&5L%THU:]>5:4$K(AW>T!IV Z@J
MWC\U-
MRJL&*/:L9.JE);6M*EU_.=1 MN2L7F+:;C$$$F'9+T#RV[_QUXGNVN]VT"?K-Z$D.GBU9\-,GP;*OK*:0;:@3
M5F#/^2-"OV1H@L/NY/1#6X'OPLIH3HZE^L%/GRD[%`K*'4)$&-@Z>[FG,H6,
M`HT3A,B4\A($P*]5,6P-R`AYCNT`'+-,%;$]6SCATIOY`+?V5*H'AI2VE1ZE
MXM4?#?+/5)ID=B:!_S.)'SA!%/KAXGT65RMJ`[PGBFPW@I\LZ!KP*1N"/>BO
M@;F+3.OH8WTK5(@12>Z0);:AW2$*"?5YVH:1OW&?(*?I&;.;8D:(I$-@*4!>
MKQ'2-M3X[ZQW4A",4K`*J&VG#P5/C14M1HHT!G(R
M2.'2Q"0=9MRX2U/593$('HN)3$*-ZTM_V>*Y@P[6,!7Q04KDC/
M`7#.N>H6Z*#_1MG^!0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`,)' 2LO$*(Y^)2M#]%4-LJ\]7W4\7J[/D"Z_X@099WL<7%('Q9Y#5KV+%=0C@'
MB0[7G#JI`Y&VZT,!*^"R6S4];NP'LMK[Q':V:R'0OP5];Y3_K>;,WG^KB\,?
M145!; 8W1!C(/8=@N<3Z/4<03:5XWCJ.BH XC&!!2:SX2#H5R4B4F'J'F*!GNU=N:#,']\S,P1L;EM4OV8\-L7>(
M"46RW'ZU0K+]^)C&!XI_OA(;E`*#$F*F9,)122J=(L5[F['G?3#6V_N*/V16
MLZD78I1J5FYHLJ0Z@]LS&GJLQ2PQ-=@1!75;3T%-GQZQJF,#WB#])D%OK?()H
MQ#K!05H1]$F0J$4E":H8()BJN=<5-#R>]^*O]R5!LX99>K,/4],U)$C9F>H=
MG87A[#-9C%A\$IJ5AJ!.KB3R1_*I8@+?329=C!AV/Y/HB.\GG]U>Y&PG0F]L
M232-0Z6F9%95^R>IZC:ZFG M-([FH.9*0[I,;D.PG"R5/5(60VU=ZP(.&D
M_7IWM0:!-EI#8GJ(!$EAPC0(=Z1RLJCQOV
M;(L5:$,>L]@E!M4!'QJW5_,!81 E:-CO`%N9%.D$:&A_&O7GBG
MP[G32'O?D5E5$4'J3F])HPU\P6[$_E/3_CW5W'T@-R*>!HD(?(9_FHZNWET=
MP$-SU[OY0+VN`W3?N'OYF-BC^NR&S#K:D[NAM`EU1$D&G407$(
MG5(!Z5SO,GYO:/SA,),(&G^WE1&P"!=1D*IM7F/&W\+F&X=`Z[X6IF:SE"`Y
M.?$2L(?/"D+Q),9DKU.[R_#AI,W\E@I [OX)!0G*@Y_0"<
MT5VS$_V1U:>B:JP+/4)(=QF#;=1XRH<7+;N*0ZYGUL+IG/CW#*>Q%$Z&W"6`
MCXRUW04_=^K/=[?_`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`+]'?ID,#``"]"0``
M&0```'AL+W=O T*7]1*5]O?K\:;'GXEZ6
ME"H+&!JYM$NEVKGKRJRD-9$.;VD#*P47-5$P%%M7MH*2O-M45V[@>1.W)JRQ
M-YJT1GTE]&]'/RW9,GW7P3+O[.&@MN0)\S`AO-[A'[+
M<0HVNV>[[[H,_!163@NRJ]0OOO]*V;94D.X8(L+`YOG3+949.`HT3A`C4\8K
M$`"_5LVP-,`1\M@]]RQ7Y=(.)TX\]4(?X-:&2G7'D-*VLIU4O/ZG0?Z!2I,$
M!Q)X'DC\X-TDX8$$GB>28!;[\>1U*:X.JW/IEBBR6@B^MZ#T0+AL"1:R/P?F
MHSTZF-ZPE_P"HY#D!EF6-KPS8(6$)#^LXB19N`^0F.R`69]C_#$B/2(PGR"O
MUPBV#34^G[JC%`2C%$PE:EOK">#NM07&N+2
M(6861F$R0(S$P1OQ?GMPTUCDQ#,J8ZTQDTZE'T=A$)\2U!F87D*,-$[&&B\;
MB&!3FU$]:XV).FU&6E.]IG5'X71Z>B=&FJ9C35A6$01T61MN,K6%1G8UYI)O
M8\0,+K9)SS'2B`W1N"A>+WW<9&J,>GY=^AJ3Z`J ,$]:'$?L*_;90H\G:#].X!TDF=^$!@&8WO%,+O+
M17NFNZ7N`S456YK2JI)6QG?8"0-(13_;=^F;`"\G8WZ-W1OGW7X!FF=+MO0'
M$5O62*NB!5!ZSA3J6>CVJP>*MUWWV7`%;;/[6\)G$H4KVW,`7'"NC@,\H/_P
M6OT'``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0"%R[AD)`4``$$4```8````>&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T &ULE%A=;^(X%'U?:?]#E/>2^"-?"!A-J;H[THZT
M6NW./* &D).;X^OO?Z'./9EX]ZY[V7;5>)9NZ3
M2>A[95.(5=5LYOY__SX_I+[7]7FSRG>B*>?^9]GY7Q:__S8[B/:UVY9E[T&$
MIIO[V[[?3X.@*[9EG7<3L2\;>+,6;9WW\-AN@F[?EOE*#:IW`0W#.*CSJO$Q
MPK0=$T.LUU51/HGBK2Z;'H.TY2[O@7^WK?;=,5I=C`E7Y^WKV_ZA$/4>0KQ4
MNZK_5$%]KRZFWS:-:/.7':S[@_"\.,96#X/P=56THA/K?@+A`B0Z7',69`%$
M6LQ6%:Q`IMUKR_7 !'B54*_K>17,#@8C'Y6%?B[]5;E.G_;]?^(PY]EM=GV4.X(5B07-EU]/I5=
M`1F%,!,:R4B%V`$!^.O5E6P-R$C^H?X?JE6_G?LLGD1)R`C`O9>RZY\K&=+W
MBK>N%_5/!!$="H-0'80!>_V>C@T2("&UOJ>\SQ>S5AP\:!J8LMOGL@7)%`)?
M7A"L1&*_2K`:`EP[J,+[@L:SX!T25VC(XP6(C5A>0"0G2`"T3MQ@P>.Y23"D
MU??.W-)36$7_$2%I;ZQ)WLT070`!"5)1)/K5;S+%,C0%9CK"AJC&=*,)J;J:X(81V/B."%799 GR%4=C-!N2N+\@#
M&.P"G#NB)#5KI]-G0D":K\L;<0SB%]D;.@-WG4%%/-(#B:`7]H?I#"`B9G[M
MY-WE"V1H#-PU!HW!Y*4Q)1>29UH#X5%RW?+)7>Z@T$[ON?:@,KE;8Q%D-YE$PIMVP1W
M%5IC#)LPO[$GOV`3'#;/[6U`AS;!71W6F,O'MRLO;6J.-4@'&T$-E=T2$%>`
M*6*./69T#K;7]? ,.X0XK\Z>P C0)2)7AS4&"3Y$(;]0:=,E7(A-[RZ;
MH$.;B%P9UAB=/PZ_78='80O#8\*LX[)-T/&)D85&F; @/.%$_FQL\0H('WJQ5Y Y:`P``;@L``!@```!X;"]W;W)K 1#2:HF7;=)FS1-^[AVP$FL`D;8;=I_OV,?2K%#,YJ+).#7
MKQ^? ?U4Y-XCJR47Y 'E?_[U]W5S/>DHF5& 1+UO3PRICQP*.7*/RI5+8)`ID=64#D2%2MA9"_J@BJXK`^!K&I&
M,S.IR(,H#).@H+STT6%1#_$0^SU/V:U('PI6*C2I64X5\,LCK^2+6Y$.L2MH
M??]07:6BJ,!BQW.NGHVI[Q7IXNNA%#7=Y;#O)S*AZ8NWN3BS+WA:"RGV:@1V
M`8*>[WD>S`-P6B\S#CO08?=JME_Y-V2Q)1,_6"]-@/YP=I*=_YX\BM/GFF??
M>,D@VI`GG8&=$/=:^C73MV!RCDEU
MQ[6E[Z4/4HGB+XI(8X4F46,R!OIF/!I%LYC$R?]=`B0R&[REBJZ7M3AY4#6P
MIJRHKD&R`.?^'LA'MF\,6W-2&NYPR+;:ADM>*0"B4)`8*ZD5_'*Y+"@M-OZ8&]P`M
M=M"(O?`&)1.#YD+UCUDX M&Z8AG&960Z8
M4T";1O-F@;T];@.^KY=C'^[VK63B))*@!HN,8)&Y";VLL0%UOQU -Y
M"2^4J,P!8B<4G'/,WR. 1$GT]+1!45);XY9:%MDV!L9^2%8EQ>HN
M5G'J(K7FDU]C@5V@GT6/XB?9W_^ U`UL]%\/)E]^,.#G\Y?/7KVH%JNZMFXGLYGS1\>
M?&Z6#_[AN__Z7[Y=+E<5W\Z6?WAPM5K=_/TWWRQ'5\UUO=R=WS0SGES.%]?U
MBC\7'[Y9WBR:>KR\:IK5]?2;@[V])]] G_M.3@[T'WWV[G'SW[>J[%_/1^KJ9K2K@J%[.5I/5Y^KUS"%0^_.-ZQI=[PU_>!>R_G5PL5XMZM/IOY;!A9>^;#Q.]P7K?UM=-^=;)
MR_ _[3^S]5IS^^?UJ5Y/E
MB/?^U-0+X:EZ4:]Z LKT53O^Z?SZII[U7@RCO5M?3">CZM5T7J\V@3R_OH87SU;ST2\[
MU=E5O6B6U8_KE4D/*R@_2WR2$^`5G-Y;4?GFNV8QF8^KP7=?_6GC/.>?;WJ$
MW=][]$_E!R>(VMC$[=6TW@QV@&(3RSROI_5LU(`(A'ZY241S&3SL`;)(P;SR^KA_O[^SN'>G@W^\_Z0Z:JJI7%5`VUQ>P2]06]D;YZ^$.
M(RUOFM%J\K&9]CCIU61F")DB.4T&4KF\D\EBM*@O7=G5\8]F]F$R@Z&NFNFX
M0O-5-LQ.-6L,]'J$AEQ/X?8QZ[IAP9-Z)=6H91T^VSE^ 3_@L_S=#,TK2+YF,S
M6_>G>A'Y&-:>7S?5JOZU_Y*C=-HBKT0#^N]ZLI+8.V%&6$ZD!&[M[^A<54KQ&0`]V]O;V
M])]JZ3JT7J^NYHO)7YHQ[#Z/OTYD=\;.0YN5K%:%%&RMJ*RI'/.T^EN<1R.]630Q-VQV?O(Q,V&Z^@WO";&0\9]N_S96D,WF$<
M< %Z3WO>3>2L;MTW5E9.O75_WZ_LMKOO-W2OKOG_/
M914"<0OBY%XVKOTPF3]"2[.?&QV7]T$9MT9,G@7JMZ?RPE@X'-'RFQHWTUTR
MRI!EB7I_\(.WF/\/:),*)3>>++$@&$X6,&P[?Y2Q#7"64[N!>&UK*)^]#!:[
MM[9WB_G'B4)' -"3A7F.0&3JW&`)/DPY:K;8\M&+S(4IG[VI9_4'(U5U
MV33+U@6ZN5G,?YT03/%#CKT8O6IQB\;5Q>?JS^^.04+@W'?ZPTV
MGY5>-DLM%03[O-A&N`0_!3>F'E]/9A:UR?EKF:($_O4,[2TWL'S@I!DTW$E?AE6Y(K01M;)]4__;&HJ->/B/Z0:?N!VU\
M+SE$+X-#M/'-I,]OG]@DHEQL]$$\GDN9GX/R/?A>;E13;1'@V;^VQ1N#V/FW
M]]A^`O'%IWHQ[JU?,A$DS3FKG&H#2+U`>,-[O:15EYX6)Y.Q^+31B+6FB734
MY..&H&K\\WH9`H/5'&M$9#`B=V.A9U0D @1IY1OYI'VE,F`#UE2H55TS-&ZFN5K,:*+4,KD
MSO+8L?P@LV\,ZV&B&XL0&P[&@V6X5X[:@39$K>4[8KQ[T:+\\/6,4/8N>F$*
M1TTS7E:7B_EUI4@_M_*^PGNF+1;-(_M>!K6$9FKS>KQ?C9VX_>;4_K1G23!
M,1F7JRA$N?_"CXL/]6SR%\_D":=GZ^MKY +"5FRW>Y*%I2Z5%+[^^5-/:+4=A.,QH/O3I8*[J@,!#_U+6:'
M/%DU)G,(S;78R\F"@MR?U_6"G*7X0T4MUM+BH4+]849Q=,GP73?DU$Q02(*H
MX*9QM(09QI@K($JAY^K)CPT;-0EDL8MKEDL_R]^:42CX8@I>[2A3F1$4#
M5_7-S70"'*LK:.M`R;1G@-RPK-'D!L.R:%:+>9M3%VZAC(('*B"D7)PMG'H:
M8#$V;?=ILKJJ3LY.JP-RW96C&?3J_]_Q7Y-O*!'^11$J)@G[*JSNF>B,LO_Q[_\=A\!-!S'QLDVG7!%LH=&;F:A%9FF86$/47U8AQ#91
M'#4W"MW@%#'U3[.)_C*5;!J"JM4"L:VTM.]/3M[9NB+[^ CU1J*`^EZRKK0)E2HQA.6OG`/$4T#'R54]73"
MA7EETDKI'?G6:(<5:7\TL24^T)@J)PI^'GZL40!KHG&!\-YNO]/)8\HVJLDRU+\0G6\[Q))M2
M>:^^.P>KUZ3;JV5FF=L5&4-A`@@4!1%P@Y1A$@&$DV@Y&0NUEDGSJ@R&Z'(]
M)>+!3X]T=HYP7>_<95B",[5"<8\\K4L+!'EWKM(@:#&`FGI$+54LQ93B6.8V
M8P>(C>85/WTB41_0K%*NWO%4GRHR".YPH Y:9%UC:6IW@8'*@^+*Q5@"
MP@Q3@)4B1Z5`J_%\?;'2LH.2Z.-^:[2]T27L&EFG4_0QD"MPC"F&VSY<0?`I
M'2B4*-W#=\:(O,"[9(U6$]45B0'GE3="1/@#GG< ;"UH!4J?)OEG
M/!VAA?)E#$/^F/`)=-\%I1CPE0OK@;^<6?
M)7G*F:4>3T8R PI[C[^_8U)L%;2*N,=QD!;@*A\!:@%7*994JTJ(^=JI9+V-94J+-03PO%=
M);3T30+9T=M6][V0(4&M\%6UVIR(K=HTR+N%J^),,T7RQ=L23DPX9,!@IL%E\A
MRRUP,!=VEVN8U^W:'=3H">%YQL(^0@@@L*B3AOS;#;TPKLL<=>#7\AY@178O
M+7^(J6V-[B9K=;PM=L5%A@<R3EWF4-TZ*V/K<5QJLO@^]2
M8H,)3+H%.2,92)8"Y(]\<83IQCI&I?6--!C14'*(YA>ARFU9(KAI0H:#QH\Q
MD9HM`5YK%@9)S+.:XA&A+D5@LWH=R7'7(CA5,M.F%O0!+136Q&/?('LI6,()
MF'\"TC5S3I?.!A'& &/-Y9
MRO$%00CG:`H-"-Q!%MPMX"]"IY2U1QH09V)%)Y41PP-&:"$KC4C-/\&ODJBK
M1I)`./E9U`\86R0JT"F4,`GOF"HS32R)6-+,U^/DK6;[E3[Y%_5B5&^LVHW'>%U3MZ3!Q6#$S(FV\PMEC,U?G NZ;UG1`T'X$S"G-R7':K]4.U7CZI_7I.<0%.(\.Y)@$WLJ6/1E2`NE\P8
M1`M,#GDB1?"4-HQ^P.BO'16N\F&K615G3A+:(F.G:L@#P$=CDCBC%>1E'M10
M^&O'53XL^^ L#G`@9'JI!57O
MD,I3H((;O)A?*$4%&E5#:1DA01N]D7:-6:5#-!U4`_#"]B`
MX$,0_%.?F5Q\I>J6ZYL;CV*!BP3U2JE_Y8RBC-B*%3Z+5],R\X`HF.*,!5V/
MW1/0DS;Z_:'M98N*"@W)O.]3)*%,>E)F2'2M9Y@** H2[9#;F27&+J,&XF=]>CF@%UBK6\.5E\(*V,Q]"'**(IM5"L.J]&W^-
MT3N^"$[.9_Q:S*;E29"S`84@9N(6,Z`G9&+D'P8M) .(?XNQ<4>L8"E?NR7.H+_WPE/J
MGCU/5C#$1@!AP()$S1+7EE;=PXDP20>H],W#PYW]@\=J2OKRF[DCG^;$6;_\
M@GG:5V-V3OQ5^^PH>Y04:B*\-X%_^ F=8
M>WSY+8L/JMLUQ4%P%F[7%,J]OH4+$Y_0@26Y3]@*[F^K6#LX2'_$G$-WT5HH
M1#KL*:1A`K:Y6Q1X#`#@=J$.^OS%_"Q#5H>T>AS24NTZ5+.`WW/:[A_M/&&S
MD/8.B+:7 @X>=N$>A/WRF[M1
MA_]W*6LQU2;"OH(C0ES"HGZ4)6$/D;KP<7]P#,F;K"UC-V34`Y,558I)^Q&J
MST9$QFZI8>\H!81ML2A$)2ISO`#'$[ERE"V9#=>$#2>F/6..$*^.>C]:Q"VM
MU!&% UB<4ZI4XI;VOFR$
MDKQ"W"N3;X00+#GF\BH?*L O8Z($
ML$PU8'DE*(.58?R19OT3.M&O4'(BTQ$W2;
MQF9:Y:.\\5;9MIZ)/0>FUNK&P"3GJ[R;.V9#P(W&*NEYNV6ZG_XJ%<36Y?;K
M9*4$WP^MR^9.8_2U
ME/H(&10D?81OL+Y6I. ^+]72D=Q)NPJ#`7;^;-FJUJN2V=M%=]*_
M[(GMCO6K\+<0&V6MTF((+\MQ0TS?8K">S2P1O6NA&,Z;[]BRMI7DX\'VR;/'
M (4!,HG'RZL*4:.[OU%&VZZE'2?"DTHULPAW%*!BP6T,A?L]G;+
M_XX70$F)4V;QHO/*,_HO4T)3`7!R"(-4@IGZ8TVF0$6A(*$6G !.I,WC*EO6KIOHTN
MN8?L#J^IQA!662[D'O&-X;<3KKC-'J/\E/$EE:66*2!M?JKQKK8W["/L[JU4!7K;](ODH5$V-'&&A&=E2 ^ZDUI!F$N'2`U8VDRA(1*-=M\_;:N:`ZQ-[SQ;:C%W%1C)Y?6[@,(W,
MJ7&]BT3Y#-;&;S-2`I&;5>X4?'IOJ&1J^+Y[M?H\=T5*?^.6Y=]K_D0,VX(D
M)V`],T7@B4,-'SIMP*PE$HTP!GW7ZZ#6?[5]YV[A\V(](2#1/&UA7:$2!DN*I;4/Z.:THC=SF(#%(]#K+J
MLV6KY6F>4D3S4I.>+/T,`0MIJ)[:DBQ[WK56U"RU*[O;!17+K3G?&V8,\A.A
MP5NPRN7&_04@'@.4\9ZQ-]8-/)LO$9R=L)9@JQLE#WQ@FZVRTNL2W"Q5_0X8
M$A7\L.H_"7#^3=%OBU6H)>C-S(B*7N5VE-O3%.DJA:0207ITY
M#1LIK3,$9W#7;#,;XF:-=5FJP^J&"I2QI]KO1JNP*U/YAU3.I&:::[A:O=>Y
M4G(;K^?FMODC>YVTDNV9$3JQNM?N)&MPZ=#O568CPPHD:4G$H`-C"QM)_=KG
M;04D2Y_3=F3--Y+SO!@A%HL155M??M,2R*KBODQ0:-(Z^87.N:LY[
M##/A#":PQ"W)Q=`,^C')J1@S.*L(W5=[P+'<8 :!J?-X.J_0678I+F&?VR-DPQ')*.9+.
MQR3OA/X)0F'4LZ3T4CMU:4,U5(HGT(;@D%8",!NL=@^OIC$SQ/:,^,_;[V5E
M::]XCS=)2"6MMQ/W?I*2ME`;\W@:38MTNC!%\#>YA*RPN
M'\-'$(!BH"A!)"E<9C)/MER*VYZTHR>P41>18*M(LJ:4@;#33?\18VNS#FK.
M93,@#,[3NQN28GH4*109Q?32&[P8=*E\:!89DK/LG^#G`7=CY8,\DD\1B1#"
M>]A\,-$;4&J3E6SW6OU=70>>+1727%&8P9.4KS26M6'C+M*UC0M:ZKM`+[E*
MSH'`8TF.DFF,$8(_D!10"J7=@+>E&N"3]9&:C6&72=1%V%V?];Q(MTB\0\MY
MVRBMC2C: QL ?:R8^`>)9&*L2"@Y2E2(;+9:+DAO-V?K*;8P@OX^PVU)#>Z^C>W/TP
M6.3;^F5;ZULTE)F7RJN'TP5>&XUO`VVI[CY0`"F`
MO#L9X67FX>:+8;Q-MU]9R:RAZ4.5JB%4N7;13*I4#K!3LB6P9E`OB@S%PZEM
M`-_"`A)"%TF $I#A&XEW+SY)UN+'(%55I8M^S)C[:'YM5F,9(W5:FIL
M)$SX/"8;IS@R8`XO?OJYJU4`U/K\P9:^B;T-$4@+5ZS\
M!O&S[DT-%#2VR-I1^P9=*\*AN"8YBAY03V\EQ@P<98"&BG0"QA$)91AQ\.@B
MD:L+B6$79D1!HWGZL$GX48
M9*DS&B!%,QY VQ
M=D1T,PYC(G*XU1*7/1U!=TILRO`I@`P9I]>=EEO"M&RZSF2I`834DWR2,&7$
M7C:GL8@PU_F^BRI#:1HR%TRL3?)VD=GT1P2ZZ"0)^`Y@6)JJ*R8]!`!8!+KU
M+Z$,MI48TLYU8WD]OA&;HF+ /(7'NX_/=IY
MVN:1[4 LK_QUGUAF3>P3,_
MV-95PJO48I&- '[.3;5D]GVM#V]:#5R=GSQ_0E8U/Q]('7_W)]@C0M[!K
M?/5H[]B['1Z Q-#CR*><5:RN\69PM
MQCM]T/9%,#K>!WG.9*IG](E0VL2M#/L]Y=^$`JBRJ*NZLQ4][ /,WI#-
MQ=WVBH _A5(?N:,G9#
M$Y%Y9%;P'9']=3_!]6YW:(9QYS,LDNC!N(22*A\B)R11)*9P;*>@I'G:E7AT
M$K-@`V3N:3+4TLGZ`Q%7=?"THYE0.4GA(.0R5H]$\0?OW'=)18-6AZ&X`J+H
M=?]^+I8YY3BC9C';>1!3J);_.6/+J8GUP=[1H\=[T59IT[RU:#V(+R1-0X`;
M?X-7!O>,)QHPE6^IQ51&G]BWN>*(T%YFJDE0"4#A+XDPEG=%@STR&`-K$"\=
M,5%&"5K7U0=;%K_9LD01SPW#A+1?A7,;`M<1@`=9-_[W"G?BH;0>5P+DL),Q
M2!PGPR]'T9$M32!N 4#`)=PFPE9.:+$4)`3485"D$YA[JG80^H=-\%N.9#K>IF:*W4DK+Z4G^R98
MIXB;'KN>DJ16-S1 _? [MW_:G8@:\CU:EB!E
M].&BEA3S^8:9X"*+"$$!K*THV`I7ME[DK.L@X/?(1="I#'8PQ_$>7@9DQA+C
M,>J1SG+@I+IW*K?)(S_YZ?OJY/7[1QS0[VO)^@#^=@=X?) ^=!L4T#.WI0C9K*<3&<0JEKE3D($1],PM:`RI05'9'Y4Y01W9
M(S>L/:T@G^[3G%;,,&;*'. E`CV(+!J5;S96+G_?55WT/9`KZ"RIF-=J'=8L$!@+
M#+:8M]:F#,JX'E$]+EIM:VQ8(8B<4*F5GXEA=I-@R$C)W("+3%&V4PZM?6@M
M)#[>>U5/]CJ"H!,B"D%,:T@(#$T#[DD&?K(F@/RL!;$D9C6$P'EEV-9GM9DP
M4$C:V>)S\-TFNJ0,+.&C5A#YBS5@VY1:WP3^#(?`>QN H'O'0>]%(PU:2P?SL)Z708Y!B0P2/S.+>WTO6>DSV
M,?(8\>Q=HMHEVQT4R/,AH8,F]!ZTO9)Q*:8W+614-*1XP4&QK$2K+:0@X$GY
M3FVKC3)@B^7JD;5TYM2TIIZ>G_):NU9CHX:-'P_#\Y,2JP6&[L40V!0=RO'HEF$PZXDTQ$*(8OID:I,7O1Y$C(D,#5
MHKG].+7M[A>*TM2B(A9:?ODMO!%0:1.(!?1QMJV;";`L$;H8]DL=L=\WG?R$
MZ.DDA>CVYV,N_?P?`>1\KSK*)MEE]VXZ#"VXO[Q[.WL-.J&6[Y/X@(-H&B#@
MIF/< /K-GR8]!V@U)8NL$,ZH[P?(&N*O$*,.$
M[1N^,D^PGG=6FKV4AF$4E5*`2_.2&K$;4%0.FC4*>&-QEXS:LYV]9\_L.A=>
MI7:7#CJ&3>(5"R@R:-KQF@;VEPDLCU\LJ2YZY-S1R1P.5;4./4AST"-76VY!
M+5RJ2?4;WEJ"#Z)A`.OAY?/ZP_.%1^ +F=M_@%>:]MMS%N33"HS"/7&*(>4#0RW-_V_)8&OL/$"^$\"^*4`
M+K'XY;?>"LI7DMB5#X:EYD6X$6>HE_4\;WTK0=+AQ;[8
M\LG+>/X\8:+?#=!3F`JNGN-4C,IO]2"&_61-WVK9G])' GEC*P!NH,*^JN
M/CW8>=Q?5[F`A"(B,0N! .G6=VI$7OR3&'
M73P; "\V\&[$&)WCNWNFS)6>(\C7+R O/!\.2N%Y)C:X=-#$U^CQFV.-CD^,F1
MMKN5(VQQ"CD7_*F#H??(KJ` E9`%ZUNCM6M>M
MEDOXG3Z$' ^617:Y]EWIB_G\%^]H*\=X/K^F7VW,<7AO3L
MT8"6_MTM7YV^_^.C`2;/QM4;`R%K]D:8^9\'-/;)^?OJ\\P')50
MGM7U177X>.\YU:QUSR*% O+Y/?LMZ$6N7JHH00=G=?KJ\/&C9R^/0E1<
M3M,>>%,^20"4#\[)83XYVJ-JOV',/@SG3Q\=/]_P=ISGI)PG2`A)_7A,IZ>O
M4EY`*?\9:6KB@DX[KY1?RS19W--E[IBR(TRWPW]+`5(2DAQI@J]-,$CR==S3
M[0M==H1L\S((T[PU[)[K&=73D6X-5B7.TU^]4+.7-PY%,W5;Q"-@]?6-G1Z,
M5N[69F76;,
ME]E)67:*5L!FXNF$Z#NZY;)%V1R.Q7P)Y+##\1(HH8=/'Y.J.9:%"B`E`]B=
MR&K &9WFDU9GK'T*+7^HS=U2(F.BWZ
M#S +%/YZBZHUU4KVL_\:3[K+J@47E
M:BEJ@VA#O?W0K""I17J-S>M0*[@N9[(B0]F]'`39L)CH2FN/)6+$?W:CKTWT
M&N$;/KTE"IV.@O&=O`^?/O%[O^/X$B%8H9/8J7I:.6D?=`1AU)3K:3SV[NT/
MH"_)3@0/:^SO/FXIC?;(N;?11E"EZ_2CX F#]@X5''UGI)Y>V.0(5ENQ/6S S]ZUB&0O%[)[>;0B&MO")EXU4Y=G?,]]-I.U;U(P+K&B75BT!
M#5JP`,$09=OY`O$-)+(DU(;$%JSIDC+=)BJZ`AM2;)K2M-XF[ D6#@'B\5Y%J_MJL&AL]Q[.*%HU+[Z@?IL(Y-TV?O>5_+A(
MY_CV,'F8(HFID\!5>Y!K%'.G-&D2=&*],<6]8MI9D(FD,Z%^Z'L(XLTW.CY<
M7N=1CSYY5NE]W@E%YLS26/D+=E1+Z;?G+]QOA%OB[<>[7S_ *$)V](I936M8\8FX["WLH;+K-4P2`&@*_U-27'$G3FC%
M`WQE'=U$6]$^;$#S3T+=FL]":U&`%RG2W;@(5=8J9I#:VFCS1:&%)0JA\=\!
M#2K/AYX]V]C,F[.5]JUF61$<31M-OIVI1-\HX\%J00A*H!.V+#)OC0&4\8
MMPX'L9#'*-J::(P#"])H[CRAI]Q]\K95W`V;]Q$ON3U'="(R?#MVKUDD7TH+
M8#80)]FS%UJ']$@0'3=V;B`-(! =CK&L* $NVC!J0OIG-PF^)=-EQ-FU+].1Q_'.X`XC
M?GN$0]C5X[`*8)UA6.K1:`%RE+@^#1D8VVZ:/Q4_6!MO:N&U6C]^OCO$R39'
M=0>&E=&)R`]LR9^>XA6&R_[4G*Y&<=NE*G$KF#&7,SQ0]I.Q9PAE#E>RA2(T
ML$/$Y,IF*9O8`FC'"IA@6#ES20XF:/U,ASM.A.)04)(T2I+]E+`2K3^"'.^K
M.FO\7KN[W[C%8A[MWCV@Y#:J-X]DJ$8AH_*.4H?>TJ%QQT($,/4I$I17JD(F
MI=`V7YX*2G4QEMQAF`^)05!T1%#:;74CNF(-XYT[_,-0`5"\R/%Q2G:)FVP8
MR5$$L\^E)+7"R;;8[/UGO[,Y]U(L$]9M44N(XC`+SF!1#-2G3A\CCJ0.E,%'
M#I8-@*\Y_$.&-FBT[I66XW8'KLWJ_CEK4U\BHTV#O&(^PU1!T01?.[%>5.+2
M&<8>-B-&SYMNL;\$IT)@,P,B?N2Y4!LJ7(+NI]VS7>`E93)X:>UWX@$=G03E
M+VQ;OXY3!L5H7Z[A^;"H;SB '1BT/EM.R!&+Z0]NM;N0#
M[50?V-EYPQ)P0R*&6UTIC1V*#=END@ON;_W;;-GX[LMO+H#=)OU7^\'I92OO34"G)!Q8&ML^?#D P:%N$1W
MP^?+26_(EVNN)NG$,V3O/*4
M_G@Y6+8KI_DQ9BC*!Z?:&J>%FBI@EE.L)?F8]Y/E0&O=YG=OT9Q/=K]F$F^%
MT&Y+[;0(Q]C#(5C/M$$3*4U&I!4;!:FX 5QE>MAUS(+['JII;>_,!Z
MZS-J]WA`,_=N3(I[?JNE_%#KN)CI&[-?7D:)D$]6G!>-&3,>\*XP!P7#O>*.
M*=L=#L>+1:;L?&8XB4%[XF(`'%OG1_29X\61-M@2I1,^]S1TE*1;VOT>YVK&
MCJ.QU%!^*5',S&%4PC%ZWH2*&I'J.=C[W8ZT/__UV$W`_CY_Y+J8C%+,-P9M
M;#B\!WB'?SUXAX+L6/^U'\`3P/X\C-W4O'">RA$U:71 91ES_V9Y%Y9]1(#:[=5"3^OJ$'@572'^W=S_$`S2JW@K2%+>
M)8[*%\M)R_>A3_2XR`B67]N.'LZD5AG&2A;+SV0'.%?#*C`7]>P7U]V\9R?;
MAM?:#$[(QH?U!= WZ;$6AH$`'9.YJ ?NG82^PCF155X=:DMKBB`9M4H@4S+'*=
MZ0)Z@P&M9G`,,P L:OA2P`!C]7"&9S._G*1S!A-^
MH-H?US@.@5@DW9$B[FBP>]WA8[2\=@]%88RD0??3JB`SE:*+@2J"0OW(QJW!
M>Z*.1VL*"-&;L,A1;IQ190Z_2K_(EE'@RV]P=3S7PLJ.& QO]^22(@@R
M*`(3_"HMU9Y5H[_US3`^HFM#YD"?\EX'.Y87:W'[OTN-WOP2?E;/P3C&N3H(
MT18WUJ4RRK_H9#C1S)Y$XD&>55_>(*'33-1IB9F*_P,D#(7QFI`FDNO>U-RG
M:W&? &G6!65P9BC20)S
M$CX@#O"@R1U^G?ZT&\U1P9R>B0Y>>FJG.Z%=D8N#$R9FM&SS;#%]N$B5*`*M
MPY*-01ZJ3R0"9`"VVFF0V\,Y_;>O5&KP(>@_=/9,:NY$)P>J5)3)(N.R5.BI>W"GXQ]7FX>Q3R5X>[QPIC
M^J9AH[-S*UAG[6Y*(FB@6]JA&27T&UZ[Q85[MKOAFW)H!"_A$BH?=P3/K)>?
M4H:POK"[?[DGWL]_$2+S_6C5PA=`O#LCDX1;8(:``H^^X51I!B9"U
M0) J&'QV!J+/8A?P@?34QB AVTB9@;4P7"PZ_DQL-8(+0^.XF`>9\+5]--.+"$*-UN,5"JU`&QWC#
MV"*=R,IH^B`2'>Y/N2KX-&WZZC` @9[IL?[Y)Z7'$%4I`-X(T]D9+=B?V-7
M_NP6)7FLZ]M,0612Q>7(9SK&K?P1\%0W
M*G\>G*A\*9U,+W"V+NC3(*38_B:AI@?8UM'.LZ/'0WNKMHX'MPNBW-.N%;5(
MAZ;K>"QV"=#6_M&SH5U2=P':&X?]Y/@C`_L&SI6GR_E@8-F#HPUO)B]'"_5*
MN)\C`;"WR4N/'IRRV^DV1T.T?#4I=ETF)+LKE:+-L>O5?/&YNG16R"$VGT=*
M685JKF2(VW?A8&/3#2JMYRK!^E`,L?8;JAW6OG
M@W??R$K8'8V/R)&KQT<6%:Q]4,^ FP0M(;1!@E5W<16I9"TQ,\)AXU8
MV905QHRK^,>_*]]^'FX6=4-9X-G20M!
MDD+BT.Q:SLC&R)W'?A1Q_Q&LR%;6@>V_W>V7;T)BVC/2`YGHWLA/'A\/<7EW
MV(0OMV.]0;0SU7I6RR X6&OA@?W"[+GM?CNC!'SA5XX0E]:<7RH-Q,C7'U!`?9H^C:W(+L^.VCQAZ1>'Y<RR\NF,N5#DJ/+MH%8U_.]IT;85O>+AM+>`WE$L$&*X*V$E=)(Z^7F+@
MY"NB9LT=W$6KFW$+1KR\$%\V1BJB.-5.:Q[L>XC"5!R#W+YNN95_1IXZ9M6R
M_J8-@TJ/IM>#6?84BP]DWJ.!02)\JO,3]$7&B7TLM!G_`!S%!'W@B'32JMO$
M\L#-K[7UE9CF!RDAI\TQ@,`;8&F3.[Y%@O+@6-NK>ULW_[5,$UE8"@*S>%K$%]J9>C+O'3IC
M1YG(DOM95T(]-EX9D=X&TMYDX["Z,*DI"L7F;5FDI(0K=^:(GX9;3_KX*;]T
MG-[[]:VGNX0BZI&>&]
ME\IK(_-\L"[1LD2TT\WT:5S`9HB,J_XF("F"_E_,7=EN53<4_96C"JE!*BE#
M:>E+I=N;!()($V40#ZA"$()`0(AR0TNK?GS7VH/MLWWL 9;`Y5`O6V/B@H/#L"
M=D;BA;DM,AM>S R*QMPGF"4*F6@A/IGXCMTK4`G*NP
M0/#M,@DS?X"+?/X,K)&;/+JV96
M3B(CKGG+5[/BHX>6_W+`B)OA&'=^Q=(Z\%['B]-NV>.<=V29I*"K)MK,?^@8
M*[[$\46XM^"Y-"3$72PB(48&JC6!2ZCU+R^HL8.*((21S$UV4?6CN0H
M+ZRU9%)D1%6BG!Z?7>V\/\,5+FI6+3]>7FP.++[\>&_)DLONEYRW+.(/&1, M/UI:'?JEU7>'@@08$5H-NG&>MGH*\?`UC+(!NLL:82;R)TW(D7;(8@J7JS=O
M+[*J0JDM\?7>N?A*=:1.!,-DB[P&*"P,+Z8&;?+#!I=A]3SSI&R,$F'CYW'(
M4<6DRR\4<7RU\FR#\\?L\3^,`A34`Y28LY[#>V_@$JH7A[<3UY"Q!`)(D#J7
MEHP=`]8[Y?^3U>/2YIF,`\(Y!X[S_B.?*L%F&[$^MNV17(]%$4C.\FBR< K[S\2-1%,X3CS9XKBGQS%5*%D]G
M26ZB3F%S.!P/J?0"ZHE/A1=))FH2XD+B[7`JM./*"YKJS,6B)H^BG2"@.E
M5S+^_K2EAKE$>;9XR?C:TZO?8],/-/7G_D@@Y;^)/N18`CA8Z_H
MLD^ QU)_!&]^X0,0F2Q((."D-%8
M&([9EQPYE_[B@TLYRF9D@H[2A;5!-FJF,`Y1(LP$\?V; I
MCJLB(#WC#AY!'L!C3^!\&W%+M3)>->A)XGN;5?/XP=TRPW.\E9*=/)5KC`T'
M#IA2\8NGN7!6QDFJ:!?W1.\NF)56#,E%#\*-_`'O8L'TJ7C"/A[P._?-X/8?
M??H`=B"0XU#O#V"CE0C`.+OR^]>I7\91N1&/`,3.WJPH-7EB\N$.J$MZOUK'%Z
M6YW:@SO0/2R8?D_T59&W%1V[T*S>XBD.G"J0^P0)V[?>B_!;B"H5R4[@F\6M
M8P67N!_@^2`'BX3`;AF+W#GV/9[R=5D"`X2(%)6GKOG5'D3FIJWY3JA.I_4T
M)HCC`I7'ION:VM(>=@."RGEWA6!^%L2.W'O4F7
M6F1Z)&0?/$T5'L]*:W[FX72Z$$ZEYB[QMJK>8&'V\5O$=T/!)B?V&I0OR]0*
MW@V+K&&F2',..Y\DOHGF!D.RF\BW*:E3,=C5K"2ZN!7:=Y!V7M(N=->D//0`Z-9_('Y2A0)
M+9_,'9Y(-MNS)ZSXLXM0ZU6EP!:""BHCRH?%+Q8-IB199YY?4P9U/@/W4.\=
M[#B?L4CJC+OK_@#>`)BM4'955;>TCFK@C^_>0=-D59=G>Q)U5BVV%F$DUTO\
MOL_G>QUHOC5H0*!HBX2R-`HX2*Y`XAV&?X9'J-U)%_0M,5']A\:WO(I-?R1E
MV:VA 5@NH"K!(*:M:+52Q$H7I25'TP)0T2%C,%J.8"GPU%(H<=O8%?[,O
MJ"+:MOG`.\[^,K@)AMHYW/2EJ2UY@/R:_(7!P`T5M"23_/^2P";4]] <4H#F^AY ?62%B&Z[W&B)B_
MV%[.9?N1$1B^1W87#Z;.#VC2(5SQ6;%J`J-*W\3Y,US *F/P5
MF$E\2"DM6QHA?N30BME!N;\`4LB`5%KACH>B7ZCM@:H@YT.*N%U5JA(4#JTC
MEJ+-1"BH").28[H-D9#U9,ATQ S"9IF98T&%
MU1QN\H70E)7.6M0638LJQ,WFBV.6(\;#W&N-:'6)FZ-EB HZ]94"T4[;Q,W5.6W.JM!Q?'-*K6;FLU6MSN9W:@++FJ7-
M;A-K1^YIAO\J*_:3K,=W%N'O/KFX.;$ :OD;Z?UO7\MD.^S#0_=J!5PF+PBF$0P*)
M?OY#I%I;I?M`E0C\&F\""PZJBM'D].>$?B+K&.F$_O6UR `72XJXA3'!H*
MAZ`4N8X+%OK"K/XL&&\]1.RYS6PG==J\FLA="0/'WED`T8H(Z;*(9^;_UJ]=
MA$$[U#8G?'(.V`];^H&N,NJJ=%J>ZJ[Y"D9BJ\BO%'PJ^1I0V,#YRP6T;V
M@*`(HPQ),5B+@#1/M`N)EY;>Z'$UL^LJP8INU!JI<0Q--;R8`OJ_)*7RY?//
M>`9H^;S*J]0?MI[3]9](^9\G5\:C%"XW#Y7N4&S8S`5UN1$[[#:S0VDL-[:,
M!\VJ]>5P@LI6'CN&YJ[2DB$V8`$C%U$')QLY@29RGCI=2T<36"6UA,+;U.DX
M^J9A%6V),FI=^*8Z']B;SIHO->M(L*G8L2(",*9/LT!Y+QBWJH9MMW[
MIJY;[+K>S9%I0BI>KW>6Y38]3$N]84AU2/%`'6'A[L@#<4>6\;GE<4&LZ-`(
M6G5F\]TP[7!L?J`K))^FVDN,^VCJG!Z`5M(Z349J*?%;;=UI#*8Q4BL'6W4C
MM;C&'3!QVP5NBM@:[ []_6IU] 6QE ":8L&Z%DOZB1=
M3A=8\K$UX+I!?$4+-$5!2=0=8SX4BK+O4O1_[PR?L^)K*2ZU M:\[5%W.O?GOWZU_=[H,7V_SP9)J!`B+ U,%[[9
M>KYC!/#1?^SM=[YI;/9XDF/WAOW^=-)-PX:QXACN%_/.RNUIZS,P)K
M9=E6\!+*4A5G??/VT?5\8V4#U.>!9JP3V>&'G'C'6OO>WML&KT! [6/3BZ$^R5M7=P@[DZ3`\IT3=O-W/U6E4BDY?>!D#\[J>#%WSS
MF^C/5W_XZJO^O[[^YA_?FYM__O#[_' BXQ9`@T(5LW'UWOLZOC=Q`,8![^[.YV_[/RR;#AR`#AK3W;\Y4`O`SV
MA4= AW-;]^](V7P3`L
M&_A.V'NVM4$4C\NP3(N[R>7UO;Z\#_429+PH2H3J^G+2@=#[Q6PI'NER-A,M
M=*C#2[#0UV-\"1:JPW]+89S&B5(3!3*5IP06#JOZKR:SV6PZN)Y.IS-M--"T
MD.15'-&6NS&?31QI":,ICV`,"&:CZ>QZ"$#ZVC14=58$(P`P&8^GX\%LJ,'_
M85;N'H%H3L>J;*\2!)*\2A!(\FI8V?"+=JP2!)*\2!)*\&LY'"6RK,'DHN:T2!)*\2A!(\JJPXC/.P#/I7B4()'F5
M(#BW5Y-AU?+^7@]G)_*5F;#Z.-:%17QS7>&H$ JYAP]M> < NB%V'V<9X2N#CW->0+$1!(2G&>(L#&;).:UD9S!
M9R,Y@=-&SYH0"*VO.X+61C9O$NXSP=.H"
MTW,!DB.^F9^?!@,412<2/"3#Q^D)EPFBA0+N;,=:FU-S9(DH/;Q6$&X!6E&G
M&/>.T-FN3=O^@-W?W[=ICPN36'>WSUNRJ@^76N"R-UXT@&]AICA^&_6NT0?0
M5782+-J7G*08NYW]\O[@K$Q?#Z^_"%6$1W70DWU:A&5!]OFU;3VZCAE.PZF1
MF.]\+S#707A]2#B#7H9G5()G$`OBP=-&OU:B'WCBYJ.-?ICF*?0'\")5/P07
MMWZ1\8!7PL1!#2Z@05V%1R0"&,PG",`),A#@E3LQ!Q">,A#`("E!``&:(0`X
M%5'1IAT,2#:#&,A4@OZN5$*.2:QD5'9H95GZ!?T55NI,^FU%,\FW$.@9S?"A
M`D`KE64I5E:*(6Z'EI91`!\J*-"AUQ73Y0W* FT2"I"Z80F#[XC&V"
M>H+I(25A`#Q26D56)PR8'N.,-!`(LC(DB8:AK!1), =Y6S[7"TB2^8WC
M8&01EF+*],-,MJHT42Z AH&8*G60"D3LZ1<-@'UO:E8: -*A*C_KX3)!;;:NK6XP QT##"\4:]BG
MD9Q]EFBO'^>1D48#\HKK5[::X\P6U.=M*>VXC;0/R8X!7CA_G/UZ64A6D_ ;C-23[)"*%QG+>B*D])P P*J2H[33/K4]"%'>RE]"$%R,^=S!4#;J8.C(
MMW^>'O7+C>)6@<3.JI^A].3V-?BTL.Y@ #QIY@1*>4&7< Z72>D)
M'D?G V+5IG,KZZO)SM)+[HQ89'1>W%K`^6]=#5944'[E5P4VB\DCC:](G[^JZS
MQ^&)0('H;'8@/QYD&>4>^9U: #AC9@P8,J`,P_+.B S8`R`5GC[(XZ$&;-F,E_9YB#R'O\]*MOXEFL\
M7&Q#:=8KJ@'"&W'AUENRD2&[C6%ZHZZ"#Q6"JJO_6^5*>;W&;CN-9!PCK0Z6
M#9N/XYH&WD2]AIO)/&<1'8QO>ZV2E4ZM%Q1!:D@*:R0$)4`PSQQGHB"RK_
MIK)`?21K!-826;#'8V-9L-E!+`NW/ 5E?D1 -Y7[,R?UUH1_96,6[^7EP45F9']E8'7'&*I65^9&-532Y*:[,CR"5
M 2E'K(0A?.0!]"=X;#0\D5H!7B*&V!C&
MG0&:B$G;`DL/;E?71`R42\L]R/YH:-');A(8#DD?3>/`2^D<8?VZ2&G,2\QRVK4QELBHB>X9CLKQW7
MG^]AA^J$1+RD@K0=K*%Y@/_E$!`:\2PB!.=B>80\6`'LXY\T8D8$PN(2X-OAN]B:V&:[E&,EEB4[KAQN;I^,!(&IC
M;HV#'3RD7\[5[/V?PR=D0##%O_K.^N0%H8BYFKU_AX\>@58,TQ:0;M[MX7$6
M\% 9JK"T7;][HL_ZPO_P/4(9/
MH;^!QYBW>,I[^#1ZV(5GH-WL;7@6O!\;&X/_D!V;J^1#!#]\W@#`AAN,$R-Z
M>]P%_@,^\/[NOP```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!,`
M``!X;"]T:&5M92]T:&5M93$N>&UL[%E/;]LV%+\/V'UC1"SF67"72(6=L#/F-^-"0/E(<8E@HFVE[5_+S*
MUM4*WDP7,;5B;6%=W_S2=>F"\73-\!3!*&=:Z]=;5W9R^@;`U#*NU^MU>[6<
MG@%@WP=-K2Q%FO7^1JV3T2R`[.,R[6ZU4:V[^`+]]2696YU.I]%*9;%$#6\/7.=K?;=/`&9/'-)7S_2JM9=_$&%#(:3Y?0VJ']
M?DH]ATPXVRV%;P!\HYK"%RB(ACRZ-(L)C]6J6(OP?2[Z`-!`AA6-D9HG9()]
MB.(NCD:"8LT`;Q) _
M_/QY.1`R:"'1BR^?_/;LR8NO/OW]N\ *1R5D1SBB!4-?A.K
ML$S(P5SX15Q/*O!T0!A'O3&1LFS-;0'Z%IQ^`T.]*G7['IM'+E(H.BVC>1-S
M7D3N\&DWQ%%2AAW0."QB/Y!3"%&,]KDJ@^]Q-T/T._@!QRO=?9<2Q]VG%X([
M-'!$6@2(GIF)$E]>)]R)W\&<33`Q509*NE.I(QK_7=EF%.JVY?"N;+>];=C$
MRI)G]T2Q7H7[#Y;H'3R+]PEDQ?(6]:Y"OZO0WEM?H5?E\L77Y44IABJM&Q+;
M:YO..UK9>$\H8P,U9^2F-+VWA`UHW(=!O -29#`P<7""P68,$
M5Q]1%0Y"G$#?7O,TD4"FI`.)$B[AO&B&2VEK//3^RIXV&_H<8BN'Q&J/C^WP
MNA[.CALY&2-58,ZT&:-U3>"LS-:OI$1!M]=A5M-"G9E;S8AFBJ+#+5=9F]B<
MR\'DN6HPF%L3.AL$_1!8N0G'?LT:SCN8D;&VN_51YA;CA8MTD0SQF*0^TGHO
M^ZAFG)3%RI(B6@\;#/KL>(K5"MQ:FNP;\G'2]B9P5(;'*`&O2]U,8A;`?9.OA`W[4Y/99/G"
MFZU,,3V^I+!3!Q(AU0Z6H0T-,Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/,>E$*E%2CLTFQ
MO@'!\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK,+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR,T8C-Q@,'].E1!GS&5
M LY;6TSY1;G-.F*EV(&9\ F_W4`BA;JI)6@8,[F3\N>]I!HT"
MW>04\\VI9/G>:W/@G^Y\;#*#4FX=-@U-9O] 2!=(.SB"QLD.VF#2I*QIT]9)6RW;K"^X
MT\WYGC"VENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&,<8[Z4
M%3]F\=%]0.?#:8,25-,,&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`"````"$`'0$;AO("```H"```&0```'AL+W=O ';`@%7`R'::]M_O
M&@J)",MPEV+0 XX1V0UB+#4,LKN'@1V
M)KN&KB'B\=C=9+SI@.+`:J9>>E*,FBS^4K9 3^[/LD&[GYQ0=^P3'#)
M"V4!G6V$7N9\:]_:P+3=Y`PRT+8C08L$W[MQ&F%[N^G]^ D:SXZ9-@
M^5?64C`;RJ0+ Y:W#MP@?`>+?V:!^\`26+X71.LKM-@F
MK]ZFE"BRW0A^0M!ZH%QV1#>R&P/SX(_)9G3L7X:!4YKD7K,D&+X9\$)"D9^V
MH>MO[">H3';&["XQ[ARQ'Q"Z#)HV-0&X3FB#<9,-*8QY@,?3/%ZO[R!7@[7<
MX:"="4P/\L9C>BG[5Q#1'))>0D(W'#$SM=`)UZO58.B[F0N+LW!
M=!*828&B7R]%@Q,,B4X*LAY3[)W:&4S0=\'*]2,8>'/$?HKP`\>_0*0&T: % TKB7*
M^%%/70^Z9(R./X1[3_?Q(KYS8Q@0$+?'%S"H.U+2;T24K)6HI@50.E8$I1)F
MU)N%XET_Z`Y ,_?OL7``#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0"#Q5!VFP(``*0&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T Q)&L*;20?;"#1O*<6_#>=&,V>3;)S
MZ"35CYOQ@BDY`L5:],*^>%*,)%O VR_>T4O!M#*JL1'0
MD>#H^YCG9$Z`:;6L!43@THXT;RI\G2QN2DQ62Y^?7X)OS.W"%H:G!60-5>%H52;PD3Y`ZML/
M46=480AFRE81%T>"`5/X?$.MTWPZ?Y-/Z*3S\^G`1[K):YU"H`%3>MT\S8KY
M:=WBK>YY<3NC8_W7`@;]@)F'P.,HGIW6+_]'WQD=ZV<3?]`/F'G(>U0>RX=I
M$2Z3Y+KEGWC?&\34QDV"!,RFW6E(7:>^;:8#&!(C;?D#U:T8#.IY`Z8Q:&&D
MPY@)"ZM&?U77RL)X\)\=_`TXW(0X`G"CE-TOW"";_B^K/P```/__`P!02P,$
M%``&``@````A``G#.QPT`P``=0D``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE);;CILP$(;O*_4=D.^7,R1$(:M-T+8KM5)5]7#M@`G6`D:VL]E]
M^XYQ@@RD;38721A^_WPSXP/K^]>FMEX(%Y2U*?)L%UFDS5E!VT.*?OYXO%LB
M2TCW)K_%KL'\^=C=Y:SIP&)/:RK?>E-D-?GJZ=`RCO /<7,_N&
MYIP)5DH;[!P-.L\Y<1('G#;K@D(&JNP6)V6*'KQ5EB!GL^[K\XN2DS#^6Z)B
MIT^:V*MXR('`H*-K8?*:> WPNN$BO TZ/LKB@F"697)(/)B!7FP>VL2@P],6H0N\O!
MMX?;:DTXY+.;!C(C,$*!EM^.HL0I@C2'=OC^%$5KHGX.!,LX3%QW#+LS%6$0
M)\%4D6E%G\X(%E;U"4>%R5^/!
M:X+98\VFCSF]?S>$'\B.U+6P P$3G.MS4U](UO6GQIY).._ZOQ6\WA#8KUT;Q"5C
M\G*A'C"\,&W^````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`?I843CP$``"[#@``&```
M`'AL+W=O X*+I=T;".KOU/ROTOFQ]_6)U9_\8/
ME`H/'#J^]@]"')=!P,L#;0L^94?:P3\5Z]M"P&6_#_BQI\5NN*EM@B@,YT%;
MU)TO'9;]/1ZLJNJ2YJP\M;03TJ2G32&`GQ_J(U=N;7F/75OT;Z?CI&3M$2RV
M=5.+S\'4]]IR^77?L;[8-C#O#Y(4I?(>+J[LV[KL&6>5F()=($&OY_P`?@
MM%GM:I@!IMWK:;7V7\@R)PL_V*R&!/U=TS,W?GO\P,X_]?7NE[JCD&VHDRBV
M?]"&EH+NH'*^AQ79,O:&MWZ%4`B#\$&`@_!_U3`O$8X2Z&',WVK(UZ%LO_7>
MCE;%J1&_L_//M-X?!(PT@S1@-I:[SYSR$LH`8TVC&;J6K`$+^/3:&M<3I+'X
MD'3U3AS6?CR?SA9A3$#N;2D7KS5:^EYYXH*U_T@1&:VD232:P/=9_A_-IR0)
MYP]XQ*,'?(\>)'H8)!E-X%N;_-\L`IF1(=EY(8K-JF=G#Y8ZS)D?"]PX9`F&
M*K,R#SK7WTLUY!A-7M!E[A2QRJ/?[)EP%[U#1 *1"LL5*BSB8K9C6'+
MW$;&FT!GI&JFW8?,I%*1Z$EE;B`W`A80E-@$N@V"XK4/D]4UFSL@4@&?6K&P
M%9E2J/SG1L`B@XUX/QF*;;(G>]Q4*I)A+9(PGC\ECB)3"DUF!"RR^2-D*+;)
MGATRJ4"R:C.9D&@2PTZH;-]F ^N0PCM[MHS050.@\IM[.'C?O^[,DV;V8O +?#DG.2G&G)A4_==,6'G?M^
M/MGG+;ZK1B,UBX$L@2.6,X$,CA@RPQ 9K1IN%>R$[[J
M$_#647UV&0\5^@\X!1R+/?VUZ/=UQ[V&5G!K.%U`J7IYCI`7@AV'=^$M$_#^
M/_P\P"&1PGMH.`5QQ9A0%Y@^?>S`,``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`,M#
M,=SS!```A1$``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULK%A=;ZLX
M$'U?:?\#XOV&;VA0DJLFA"_M2JO5W=UG2IP$%7`$M&G__8ZQ33#F9E-I^U#*
M8>:,YWCLL;OZ_E&5RCMJV@+7:]58Z*J"ZAP?BOJT5O_Z$7Y[4I6VR^I#5N(:
MK=5/U*K?-[_^LKKBYK4](]0IP%"W:_7<=1=?T]K\C*JL7>`+JN'+$3=5UL%K
M80#'X]%C@* \/P\YRSMV_2/15
MD3>XQ<=N`70:':B;*"VJ[L""4JI*_M1VN_J%&!J.B)"8C@2 :2%8>LN&>P=-_C:9PE/'L]8F$^.X?R7I\L\O9OG8R.%!=:'
MA.=71@JZ]6[PY".%F7MDI%!E;"I)$;%INCM6C=9"7UI!UF6;58.O"JQ7F.WV
MDI'5;_B$EA<557@HLY]5&90787DF-&L5!(`":F%IO&]LUUUI[U#..;/9RC:&
M:+'C%J1V"6TP!?93()P"T12(IT`R!=(1H($L@S90X_^'-H2&:,.SVG+@)I8Y
M$8);/&XVCB[JLQN,ADJ0D+V$A!(224@L(8F$I&-$4`,VUR^H0:Q[-7@26XI`
M`^#(3D(""=E+2"@AD83$$I)(2#I&A$2A)WPA46(M)DH19U3?$A(P!$KO5@BF
M)Q;"?C#BBH4,N6D82=3QX'6'.AF,.'4ZIA;D@((6Y*#=8D$Z>7 .Y8@QY[H;,>%6-"*4Y)S`0D"J,+VCT8-TA9H3
MVJ&R;)4 />EP;%()+\"4[H=^SYE34K5*B(TP27)=@
M(33T&DU?.K9#O^`.KK\PCW`=@G]W(+B)Z&35'#'N^`L$UH9_H&S^!0``__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`BJ]+IC()``#-)0``&0```'AL+W=O EAZMS-
MIY/JM&OV]>GE8?J?/[)?EM-)VVU/^^VA.54/TQ]5._WU\9__N']O+E_;UZKJ
M)L!P:A^FKUUWCF:S=O=:';?M77.N3G#EN;D 7F9M>=+M=WW2#S)W/
MP]EQ6Y^FDB&Z?(:C>7ZN=U72[-Z.U:F3))?JL.W@_MO7^MP2VW'W&;KC]O+U
M[?S+KCF>@>*I/M3=CYYT.CGNHN+EU%RV3P?H]W?'W^Z(N_^#T1_KW:5IF^?N
M#NAF\D9YGU>SU0R8'N_W-?1`R#ZY5,\/TR].5+J+Z>SQOA?HOW7UWFK_G[2O
MS?OF4N]_JT\5J`WC)$;@J6F^BM!B+R!(GK'LK!^!?UTF^^IY^W;H_MV\YU7]
M\MK!PZ$3YZJMLMJ03F=[-[:KCG^3P8Y2"5)/"2!7R1QX+]7$GQ,@%],
M8![^WW:$#0]^W*/XS
MI([=XTP.8>^(9-MM'^\OS?L$IAD,4GO>BDGK1(*%O"`%'=SQ,W.`*P3+%T'S
M,(6.P[BWX.AOCW[HW,^^@0MW&+/F,59$3!'" ZUW7]LEXE$@K#?;-VY
MXYL9Z7!]$`@Y_(%CPUCS(4MLX8STWR#&-<
MS364IMK+";K:7D%1LCTG\.'<9[57&NV9K/JA,:$ZO'0D9]O$\JX:+*4KY("%(3 8
M#&]!D>?$I,@+@B0Y&!BXK?$L,4:2FT*)JN\&H621:`@E( )HN\&H62-
M:`@E( H[06"/
M0HDQ8XX21:,NE#Q.WU@CB& 8Z)A-)GHJ>-GBE'>JE^ZQ+IE
M]S`C(MUG>`?*Q#D1*>X"(1_VGV'' IJ
M@P5%R0:=Y6(EME%SURXQ:,RAHKQE`@?*H:3P!YN&K))!526.'UKS>2TN@Y$#
MM1#%'$H0"G7/>*Y=\*LHVJ8R#FTXE'.HX%")4-![V;2DJ'!MQ?J)^.FBWY%%
M,K1!][Y&:`'5X^`NS[,F2HQ16K&;(!3X_>P=*?Q5`#66$8T^G>4M: N_:Y\$*$JMT0E!^D3E)P&*DN5!")6YQXL/"M)<
M1)!J,"?H:H,%1 $(3ESMQ;CIP';3>Z*0UN?A!U+)
MNEN?;RY6Y_J(PB9G;CDQ12DK)`1I4Y`@.>[N Z549!N-+P'Q9Y3E&(O
M"$+VU0K.96QOI*`15XD"^`:I9+UL2"4ARU76[!."Q'7*6SFU*)
MPOD&J62=;4B%I3=L3%JM8!_'Q;M7VU4(J7%/*0I=!,30OKQB2!9@` @KZ"24@C+S#Q@_.306\J"-.)*_A7SD^B
MY+#5E!"L#K18Q1AE+&DRZH/S$R;B^ 4(OQ]]@4,@O[#V(WB%-X('
M$;SQXGBRBN#9. ?M2_;Z]O-2G=G*HGL%`\_X,?I&?X\@_.GQ%\M1T\!D-+&GP?09\-E7!
MR]&Y>"3RW#0=_0$W-!L^Q'K\$P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`FP08Z, R.2WM/[]EGV+;ZOJ\.>05; B$-O#G2MLY[^-F>G.[2
MDOS`G>K*P:X;.G5>-K:(D+3/Q*#'8UF0'2U>:]+T(DA+JKR'_+MS>>E4M+IX
M)ER=MR^OET\%K2\08E]69?_!@]I6721?3@UM\WT%O-^1GQ (1$W. LA
M,+?VI.NSDH6TK>*UZVG]ES!",I0(@F40>,H@.)C%0>"'<011'GAZTA.>RA/-
M?!Q$,?_^`T]?>L)3>OHS'` 8-R*:3-QK1!8XNMLF"UP!3/F+-2W-P*!::.0K8'L#"0UD$Q'1OE!F^KYB9:=L?'6G\OB94/%E+Q3
M+QZTIFA8%F. M(,=_FCTLR)B*0+!W4\!`=@+QM;P-))->?,\ ]KS-,0."%N!JH4-$M!-C?GXVUME
MH*LQ^*@PJ;*2:N`8M#!I2+\[:K"=3J/QGT8M$MOEB)V`,%2S-FRG/2,=1TH)
M1^\VVE)EY?.V\:)@'D+GC% (LV]-VA/9DJKJK(*^
MLCO)'%9O0,5]:1 `$CGYF_(V7
MP`G+Q-=^L@;VYHN-G\!AY@X>)'"(`-P9,H+[UB4_D=_R]E0VG561(W!W^=FA
M%3 ]G#3@@D#-P.X61,XE+NL-HZ4]NH'^\!P5U_]#0``__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`"````"$`I^/ZSK\"``"4!P``&0```'AL+W=O 4'D Y;,J,_/[U>'-+
M`NM8D[-:-R(CK\*2N_7'#ZN]-D^V$L(%@-#8C%3.M2FEEE=",3O1K6C@ET(;
MQ1P\FI+:U@B6=X=43>,PG%/%9$,\0FJNP=!%(;EXT'RG1.,\B!$U VTOO/
M1N;?9",@;9@33F"K]1.V?LVQ!(?IZ/1C-X$?)LA%P7:U^ZGW7X0L*P?CGH$C
M-);FKP_" V".K5=&[P.8-W3;EN'MB5(`/FKR"+W*_XD$
M=0BR092,P$4%?@O)/J^3:+JBSY`&/_3(S,V
M(S/&A5+N?>&4)KY,DPQIT'D",WV;#@]!WXF)))KU^%Z![YEVL9_ZFHX)XSF.
M^AU./`?C60Q(S],]-)WZ3J)YKVP0,#!>'S`V=^Q]PKXR]C #S4,J7QF;P:5[_K^80KIO7P\\-<0_5(96;B];60XY
MWZ;"YB&5KXRMP$X;>PGCR>+=R70GAR3'TM#0\LR0WX%^T2AA2O%)U+4-N-[A
M?HMA0_35?O=N8OS'G->GZ```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T MVN_@\OO:NGQ6G*E8O&^R9G>?%5M.5+$MEZ1,9K[]-@@T
MF\"?UIA5^S*9_``TCV93!*3PTV]_OCR?_+'>[3?;U[O3Z=GD]&3]^K!]W+Q^
MNSO]]^_!OZY/3_:'U>OCZGG[NKX[_6N]/_WM\S__\>G7=O=C_WV]/IQ0A-?]
MW>GWP^'M]OQ\__!]_;+:GVW?UJ_4\K3=O:P.]-?=M_/]VVZ]>FP'O3R?SR:3
MR_.7U>;U5$>XW7TDQO;I:?.P]K8//U_6KP<=9+=^7AUH__??-V][CO;R\)%P
M+ZO=CY]O_WK8OKQ1B*^;Y\WAKS;HZ ?
M/[4GZ#^;]:]][_]/]M^WO\+=YC';O*[I;%.>5`:^;K //SC/@2!'!L[-P$4W+
MV<75=;O?1P9>FH%4`&;@1S=Y8T;2GV;D]=ET,?F[/9U23O4I5LG5I^_J[&HZ
MN9E?'3_&:9< NZ>V4@G$]Z"NBJY#W"H0J0T7Y
MHL+ G%-ZNAS1U?S_R)$*HW+$9_>>H9 ]WG:M8E:0GB@?@@`4@($H'$(`E("I*!Y"`%2`E2@=0@
M35^LE-!=V$K)\52HWG3'H[OND?N5[G1%F^QUNK$3MNPZ=24"XH,$("%(!!*#
M)"`I2`:2@Q0@)4@%4H,T?;'20Q_K?IX9-ZKZ5?%R`>B`\2@(0@$4@,
MDH"D(!E(#E*`E"`52`W2],4Z\?10,N+$J][VB==R17]($5Q/G"+H.G&^/!`?
M)``)02*0&"0!24$RD!RD`"E!*I`:I.F+E0NZW8S(A>IMYT)+OPA`/!`?)``)
M02*0&"0!24$RD!RD`"E!*I`:I.F+=>+IN73$B5>][1.OY8KN;KTBNTY=
M$8#X(`%("!*!Q"`)2`J2@>0@!4@)4H'4($U?K%S0;'!$+E1O.Q=::";(IWD)
MXH'X(`%("!*!Q"`)2`J2@>0@!4@)4H'4($U?K!.OYM76F==3O3,UJ3Y\WSS\
MN-_2U4USD(%'ISE-Z 7!/Z^?7LO@;0ZU&503S/IX9?W_UXMG%!29_..EDB>H85]&YRY
M6=2QJ!>'#SB64,@D6XR&P\_M\+'TXO`)QY+P*9.$SV1@_R;N['TNO3A\P;$D
M?,DDX2L9V`_O['TMO3A\P[':\':^U?3S6+X_5K!Z$FNE6].Y$,[._7I1T^EEX AN+T474.Z85,9
MQY5-Y4ST]'HLW=T6>;=+& M*)O*F0:/H.!6.8*224Y,Q21A:R9S!,Y'4L/-[QV!G7*U6C$BY7IQPTJY)J?"
MG2?:)8V`"N\& 80R@/ )8OU#5O*.*QL*6?26W(.H)`M\=Z6,H"I8I*P-9,.ZSQ;-!)V^`"LA,_H
MWC`BX6UW^PG=D%/BSC/IDGO)I>PQR:7L,^E+V3E?`;=*A81,$C9BDK`QDP[K
M[%K"K>\5B"YQ[B5;RIAD2SF3J47GP;7@9CF"DDGB5DP2MV8:CMMP\WN'8*=<
MK75]O,9I*<6=E!ER:MQ)UY)[]6J<2:YEGTE?R\[-*S"M_1J7`5PB$9.$C9ET
M6.?VDTC8X1(Q*=='WEM(R#BL;"EGTEMR/MH*V1+O;2D#F"HF"5LSZ;#.N6TD
M[/`!V`FGRV),PE5WI\8U.37NW#F7M/K;?MC+I>PQR:7L,^E+&1)N8DB%A#*`
MSU?$)&%C)AW624/"K11=GD/@ILZ]Y``R)ME2SJ2WY)R$@EOE`$HF"5LQ2=B:
MR92X\R#2-[1V!GW%V".[[N0DOHD/&AI;8;YZ-F:0;V*L1CDDO99]*7LON8
M;EJM$H<5O(AC2-B8:3!L(F&/9ARVE'%8V5+.I+?DW$P*V1)?GZ4,8*J8)&S-
M-!BVD;##!V`G7"T?C;BGZ]6F_G,;G?^V>.TG=> T+[V&
MUM=,*QT?#PAE`%/$)%41,QV=M"88/I6!'#YCDO`YDRXZY^.GP+"E#."P%9.$
MK9F.[G5CA;T4JR6A$2E6W9W',$W]WU*I1S+JU2,/R4M3JRHA2T8LQUMU04Z\NEC,@#\E'"I!"I`@I1DJ04J0,
M*4 DFI=`.9?.P5((5(
M$5*,E""E2!E2CE0@E4@54HW46&2G1TWV1Z1'KPWT/U7FFJQ2`?*PEX\4((5(
M$5*,E""E2!E2CE0@E4@54HW46&3GPEVP4+_KG5V JN_.!H\DI
M%>?KAN6\ZR6E`N1CKP`I1(J08J0$*47*D'*D`JE$JI!JI,8B.SWC9OQSG/$;
MLDH%9_S8RT3J\;%7@!0B14@Q4H*4(F5(.5*!5")52#528Y&=GG$S_CG.
M^`U9I8(S?NSE(P5((5*$%",E2"E2AI0C%4@E4H54(S466;E8C)OQM]WM3Q5#
MUC_`G4_%A^0C!4@A4H04(R5(*5*&E",52"52A50C-1;9Z1DWXZ=_
MN^;>R0SU2P7)0_*1`J00*4**D1*D%"E#RI$*I!*I0JJ1&HOL7(R;\2]PQF_(
M^51QOW>57E(J../'7@%2B!0AQ4@)4HJ4(>5(!5*)5"'52(U%=GK&S?@7..,W
M9)4*SOBQEX\4((5($5*,E""E2!E2CE0@E4@54HW46&3GPIWQ'_]-BOH'F\X#
MF*$K>@#NOI6<3]TOKZ67E(J.10.9?.P5((5($5*,E""E2!E2CE0@E4@54HW4
M6&2G1TVW/SZ57.C9>7]:;\@J%9C#>]C+1PJ00J0(*49*D%*D#"E'*I!*I`JI
M1FHLLG.AYM8C >_E(`5*(%"'%2`E2BI0AY4@%4HE4
M(=5(C45V+L9-ZQ 4"D[KL5>`%")%2#%2@I0B94@Y4H%4
M(E5(-5)CD9V><=/Z!4[K#5FE@M-Z[.4C!4@A4H04(R5(*5*&E",52"52A50C
M-199N:`7U([Y5&F[V]-Z0TZIN%_D2Z^N5)!\I``I1(J08J0$*47*D'*D`JE$
MJI!J)/668/58JY6*6MKG7&BYII;V/9K0 0/M=`9I67EH18ZH[2B.=1"9Y36UP9:9C2&?O J8(M],*46_4Z%&RA=YW 9
M8`N]OOO+D-_3Z1T\NW1R!_NK4SL4?W'[A0H?-WROKNX!I_=.T>$-C:!7/=%!
M#+70FX[H9`WM+KVDB*(-M=#[A>AD#;70JX%H.VW+>5=?]$KQM]6W=;[:?=N\
M[D^>UT]T@YJTKW+:Z9>2Z[\ &ULK)U9 _K!=G]('!21
M2`")JB)_^O3%Z_NOWVX?[CW; /K__SUW__MU_^OG_X\_'S[>W3*U'X]OCN]>>G
MI^_;MV\?/WR^_7KS^.;^^^TW*?ET__#UYDG^]^&/MX_?'VYO/@Z5OGYY.YU,
MEF^_WMQ]>VT5M@_G:-Q_^G3WX3:___#7U]MO3U;DX?;+S9- _K7(/KZU=[#P_WC_>?GMZ(W%M[H?R9-V\W;T7IUU\^WLDG,-W^ZN'VT[O7
MOV7;ZRR;OG[[ZR]##_W/W>W?C]Z_7SU^OO^[?+C[V-U]NY7N%D<9%_Q^?_^G
M,:T_&B25WU+M_>""RX=7'V\_W?SUY>GZ_N_J]NZ/ST_B[X5\)//)MA__E=\^
M?I`N%9DWTX51^G#_12Y`_GSU] F2FW^^>SV3AN\^/GV6?RW?+%:362;F
MKWZ_?7S:WQG)UZ\^_/7X=/_U?ZU1YJ2LR-R)R-].1.J.V$OIT*C\[>RGRS?3
M]2);+$VK(S67KJ;\[6K.SZNX :_..L3Y;)V+#7IX-D.GN3S2>GO)5A8)A_
MO/"3R:>PC:H#TF/CK1W10X#D-T\WO_[RO]^822S;9J*"T+##
MZQ@LS\6*!(E1^ @B,$^!F4,JAC4,6ABT,:@BT$?@T,,+F)P&8.K&%Q[X*VXY^@C&8/_'SXR
M,L9'Z-WW`.JT:>006*!*'H,B!OL8E#&H8E#'H(E!&X,N!GT,#C&XB,%E#*YB
M VNS&M;"(01V1'(B!9$]D9)(
M1:0FTA!IB71$>B('(A=$+HE`2F3L#EXR[PEC+C"?KG/J"YBMKM)(F
MU6B3A0[;'8V.(4*D(+(G4A*IB-1$&B(MD8Y(3^1`Y(+()9$K(M@4]];XLO0%Y;X\4$D)U(0V1,IB51$:B(-
MD99(1Z0G 22R!61:Y\$'2];UJ#C37PL9V]6$B#C/C`50Q\XLCENL':6
M3&5GX$7([+B"!! .\Y.S_&.2O:A?@/R+L5;1Q2R?N1BS'_RQB[$[2=EP8!I\;U),
M B2T16CZP`%L6LR]\`7/[S*#DI1"+E-5;C.KH^CPGGN:(41
MECLM6:"!"D9[1B6CBE'-J&'4,NH8]8P.C"X873*Z8G0=H-!S9N/T@BBR^ZP@
MCBWR0F9GCA8EUCR4,RH8[1F5C"I&-:.&4 B*T76`0O>8/=0+W&.W7(%[W"[,'K&;`[Z=%`^AHBAG5##:,RH958QJ1@VC
MEE''J&=T8'3!Z)+1%:/K`(6^2&U;L\6P;7WZ?/?AS_?WLN.4O4UB4S"3X]EA
MS?C-G/?&>P*W9;6W+JR+".6NXCP;3GKGV7(6Q5BA%HBQ/:.24<6H9M0P:AEU
MC'I&!X>FPYE;V,NI/;G?R_]U__VY7I9C^&,W\PY==GVFY^?>.1^C',A?^>76
M8;CR%VJE7>WDE\>5OX25[D`KH%`^2N!KM8)\`Z3R+9#*=T"AO&8_PQCLU0KR
M!Z!A3@@<8G;&+YB"!O-P,^60W_&, ^!=#HK@=35%=#L
MZ)Z:40.D6BV0:G5`JM4S.@`ENC1.L!(SAC>6IYQ5.21&NNA.H_E@!R,=,CF0
MK`#'['@ZT:1T&!\%K-;#5#.5V\2K.`+VL-%N*8&TO0IHM+T:5B/M-;#1]EH@
M;_PK&OE\/:QD3^+U@F;#0R\<8#6T&(9$G).>\!\GHC+QF;EH*G.&=P6:`@]7
ML'-6 "@TSF:J
MXBVJJ5+'J`?RSVJF$\V]G1^.U^[WE>9BH6M>EJ%/.4-W*`RM"<66K3C5L9ZC
MH@['`L@.;+D[NZ"E9`\;'=@ED(I70"I>`XV(-[!1\19(E3I&/=")$'&]D`@1
MDQK[&] X%G5(EZCHQPO)U[`ZRF\6\R5'#,FWJ*B7VC'J@:S\8K69Q]H'9R)_R:01
MQH9)D7V?G'"$S:AE0XS9Y[WQGIFVY*_CM#6+=A$DBU*R#5KH&>UVY@HMHMD`IUC'J@$X'A.BH1&"81]IU@`L/?WYZ5
M1 C/=S!2PFML593F;)9SCFO,CQ"GY$4+B]1GB
MC;.Q8WA8!5I4\^.#Q'M8^0-T.J&5W;_V,$1,:DS>D>?.9,";%`_)Q_GYWM0F
MVT$4661&DD91=(T[5T\^$*(O=V@F5W^LE]B\6?79:G!>MI2'H>:T9N\AK^._
M!-(6J[-:K&%U;'$YF\N("5.F!O+:8@OD1YR[^M'/V( 3CXQ/7(B/W59N[^KFT7;F9TS"D+0UIO)/G_,L4Y[-2[4M3>=DY[/2K:]J:KQ-)F=5)+FTF^_;@]X3N;
MJP=!:5$8E+K)=!MR9Z0ADIOYUBR).H8+(+?\R/YBE?"4JZ?A4**>JE=`JEX#
MC:DW,%+U%DBE.D8]4!A_T>1T@!4'EPSKT!%G[_N&FN&^SR'3FL9%%AT)[)R5
M_'6V?DK3LEZJEZ!:3J-9!37T_7LTVLWK!ZBWHJ
MU3'J@:SZ8C+=T(1^",2#- G,GY<^#C0[>$DC%*R`=SS70B'@#&Q5O@52I8]0#C4HF `FFTW".W[F/2Q.):M7D%+U&LBISQ>KQ(D.I/P@<0WZ06*1=^V]JS@/
M_)-%8_2@\MZ\/M'%-G29R97]N!E52OX6+[+RM] +A-E\G6T2
MCG#M^ 04O4:R$;#+%O+NA]/[(TS\F*M13V5ZACU0$%$9+0M.UZ\[Z[G
MEGV3'_N^^;&=FE&)5A*+@MB99O&MMYFSTN&=.R2?5==Z:Q5M=Z(3GSVT9!ON
M#5/]W&[[1BU6W&+MT'B+S5DMMK#R@\Q>A/<9^V2+/-NYJ^P(#7J!B'K>L@2DZC604U]F,VDA
MFKH;5F]1SPM$(%7O@633HT.-`E'E/:OG]M_RP-'_M__L28$_CPZ-1#>6IEE\
MTQ567E`Z9!9;_R^@1=&J\09SVW,*A$DY(1?O CHZ6"S42GO::?D;
M-4(55ZP9-8Q:1AVCGM$!*-'3)MGV!V_ NQ39G#P:U2^-UP[B;6R2K#GHL
M!PJZ.MZB%FJ%BGL@W2R50+J;J8!"^ 4/?9K^!/UQ"K'OZW=RBP!\6+634ZM"G!Z-=1;'")]I#2]>3
M$DC=77'%FEBJK5`JE6IQ6]2YU&)X.]6N%2#]!2^0N'Y"E<6%TRNF)T':!P
M63!)ZM&1,IW_8&397#?PI$M__T0$55>L":-`*NGH19/W2U>.;U!:,]
M*NI0+8%T>%5 ML/^"K/MT_W%*O;`H.!)9Q7M]
M9^2?B`!)=6^ZB6*X@)4[75_+DZC\:#,N04=,B7K>(0G0:(,UK,8:;+C!%O6T
MP0YHM,$>5L&9)IU[!2V&'@Q2ZM,>Y-19!K79&9DGV=03T^A4=0 M`;('\>OU:DW'OWO8Z,@N@52\`E+Q&@BG_')P30]O-3!2]19(U3L@5>^!K/IR
M,IO2N?@!-HE`"K+FTVZP*;(_MR\L"@)I.HT/C)U5$$FVHO_D@KJ"D L'B+:BK>`:EX#W0B'%Q?#=<>AH-LR$;7WK,V
M46;_'YWG.Q2L$];*?W;667D'VP60?1)"1M6&'R/=0UU';0FDH[:"E-X:J(&<
M^GHZR^CF9@,I56^!5+V#E*KW0%;]F9APO9"("0F#45^ /BGX )
MI;^_/+'IL7EH,-=8%-R<6D7WDW8F$S#K@@Z1'$BGS0+(S?BKU)-VL-'Q5P*I
M>`6DXC60FY,WRVEBPG>7J>(MJJEX!Z3B/9#4]]:]J! NXFQ,&GN
M"SQCL^+`,Q8%J\`JOL$T-!.^@@2D8ZH`LO/TRGRA;9Q>[YV-GP2@F@[K"DC%
M:R"(+V>T6C8LWJ*:BG=`*MX#6?'%A&:T0R`=+@`FC7V!"VS6&[C`HB`XIE/R
M@;/2,98O'-(Q5@#9`3R?+7@`[V&C`[@$4O$*2,5K((@O-[39:F"CXBV0BG=`
M*MX#6?%L27#[`8I$,?F`3T!3ZP^6K@`Y?5RE_'J%M35F&-O,D\7SBD@ZD`
M L'B+:GX8T)7W:J6=P&\9!?*!&Y9Q A("K6T1'T#D8ZM'(@'5H%D!M:B\1.>P\;'; `XV(-[!1\19(Q3L@%>^!@B6#DC58<6`L3;)\?F`,YI$;C()X44:+!D9T
MJKES]?S``-*Q6P#9L9ME2WF'*PJQO;/Q`P/5=.Q60"I>`XV(-RS>HIJ*=T`J
MW@.-)PF!?!@8< FPD?>T!'
M1W$)I-(5='177P,]*]U`1Z5;()7NH*/2O4/FR8_C\.0I"UJ)`#&)G1\@@V=^
MYBF>I4T5_<7%(2]5V#D41(Q+AG7C7L#*/E0S74TW,]J:[*'NY1.HIZ.Z`E+U
M&LBI+Q:+-6W8&E9O44_5.R!5[X%D[E?/Q-_E<5!YS^JYW>[R5*Y]7GXWR$2S
MG,LI->9WSLK+OW,@G:`+(!VE>R`=RR60RE=`JE4#J58#I%HMD&IU0*K5`ZG6
M`2@1!"89/`:!;"I/+-8V=PQ&N$7!*C&=19/[;FFM@D'OD'Z:`E9NB[.9+&@K
MN' HIX_YNG2>UA9]=5JN:)9]!"(AZN$
M22Q]-_S8*F'3T\`[%@6KA)S;A&\6[Y;.2H=,[E"P3%@K>7K2/MB^7B<6 D
MH[9D\8K%:R`K/I]--]1_#914O`72*^^@Y"\5P95/9?/!;QM"*1$C0:8M,?+S
M"P4GX\M$,CZ=T6[+6@5A9)&Y1:B3+3TNZ.3E[I;QG>R"36H2CH(]+L%?3:B]
M"DJC[=6PLNVMY>UYBN2&VVL=\CY?!Z71]GI8V?86F?%Q]/D.07MA^(GX:/B=
MN;H8F6AUL2B*/]JF.2N=K?*E0SJQ%T`ZUO=`&A$ED&I50*I5`ZE6`Z1:+9!J
M=4"JU0.IU@$H$4PF]_SYF 1F5XV'WO9()UB1JKSFJL=E:NL<6;^,WDAAMK'?(^67=68WW8V.Q-_.TW
MAZ"Q(&Y60=8O(_:G9\9!,0PAAZ(0BN\9PDH'8>[0B0>IG97H9'8`2*X1)B']Z5V=^+27:/SL4]+2U
M\E#NK.04UJSAJ2^25@OM9:LCE8!*MJH8U8P:1BVCCE'/Z`"4Z&63QH[U\GEI
MRLIFP\&`MDB>.4)?[)R5AW*'S,&=#N@XS2K4"EI[("^S!-+'8RN@4#Y*@6NU
M@GP#I/(MD,IW0(%\O`OJU0KR!X?D(0E!X4QBTN,QAYQUN+^R27;@#XN\SM\Y
M*P_E0#(;>?Z(#G&,\2NL+6-D[L>GC+=CHJ"R!]#"C4C327@TKVU[Z>`LVVEX+I.UUBD;:
MZV%EVTL?;\%F:"]PWSJ5II]U 1Y:!]FQ3'#CP3&8
M1UV:N-$^C7\+8^ ^AX5M1M*(.V&RB%/JP92K0855:L%4JT.
M%?TNI>LZH&*B2X-D]G27 BFF8$%:,:".*IQQ%9O$4U
M%>\8]4!6//4X8B`=^D"Z_24^,.:1#RP*7\^8QW P>(MJ
M*MXQZH&L>/JN;2`>1H.X+X@& J!5.L`E!CC0>9[>HQSBKNV*!KC
M\7&SL_(&=,ZH``I.VN91=K%'BW*U8RNTO2ZOQ0KRVG\U4-ABM`MNSFJQA9;*
M=XQZ(!L-&[J=?M#&9%H.0R'(E$\[BS/BM 2()N,7]-L,A3KB"C8[DZY<0;>
MSJM%'97I&/5`0="Q!_P+#^)@$^3!)STPF(?K@$/A.D#?C@@K'4\YHP(H&$^+
MZ+AS#ZO137X)*VVQ8E0#C;;8P&JTQ196VF+'J`H![+1FWH71UN+UYF-#)F7>,N81]ZR*(JO>%,PM".;.1U[.:,"
M*!A[BWA3`*O1T5["2ENL&-5`HRTVL!IML865MM@QZH&"%CF^7*\FXNME:?N&
MTW:'HOB*-D([9Q7$%V7R!:S"T1[M,O9H\41\D7P%>0V`&BAH<1EM1YJS6FRA
MI?(=HQXH;#&Z9W,XU6*XK$E/O"3LC'D4=A:%8;>,EJ+=QEGID,P9%4#!D%Q&
M$^X>5J-!4,)*6ZP8U4"C+3:P&FVQA96VV#'J@8(6.>Q Y3M@&W%UX+$?>D!_4(E"SPC+6B8M:[ `XV(-RS>HIJ*=T`JW@,%0YM=Y #?X-'V ZC#;2.YCYWDBPXLCTC:H]F-_]8)Y>E6#UD:E>`^;IM6">7I=@_9'I
MZ#^`)7OX98(?BC'2R80>2;K\(WJJ2';55Y@P*#-$\PZ6%K)X_@FP<8
M-_.%7'^H)3UN;>QC:'96`?/TI<>I3>GQD_KB`=(7#Y"6>("8>,#IRU\CHQYF
MB2?ILHEL#EXP`UG[>-@;C7@OM8IR*W&*-?,Z39Q"3)QBF3@%SA,G6!8Z@>J*
M$XB)$TA/.IWTI-.IKG0Z,>ETIZ?K@`Q[7R^:6.) R6=\I6?P$
MI_C8F>E'R(XYU9AJHXEC+O-"2X'4LF#5=72\_@9WWS1CB,M(3EY&>^(?TQ!F.Z?6)
M,TA/G$%Z,FOZ>E%TF4S2CZ[QASFRB M@QMX&5.\'FOU!-9D=GI8F#A`FI29\3DSX_HP7Q`K4@7B`U\0(Q\8)C\M>Q
M2_C+6XYFG+%DDSB1/^483M.M!@W]Z,!$AKZMZ@US<0PQ<8QCP2'3*CJ4$\]8
MLY/K%K4@SB(FSCJG5?'6.:V*`ZD%<2`Q<6"JU<2<=FR5Y[0XO3_E0,[CLXEE
MP38\H^_/.YH%D>6J*A,'.A:,RE4T%8H#G=GH\B#11BV(`XF)`\]I51QX3JOB
M0&I!'$A,')AJ->'`8ZOL0)/$OF1JM$EO.#5:%BT^G*E:LS`"B8D#';-W+U?+
M>>(+^&!D]U)(I$A,?$5,?'6Z`?&4-?(:$+>0F+B%F+C%L6`.2;C%;R) P+'P0=`5K5AJA@PISY@51V97K$66^%J?HXV_7K%6=;33N*V/['G]
MYFBC^NV1J5:78/V1!?,".P67FUBM,I,@^['R8\G7(!/[RN;>$ANZE&;T%3^9
MJQJ$$)CNF<173LX>"8NKY(E1VEPX(V^$E\>*FO&(LYR8-B#..MV`>,L:>0V(
MMUQ%;4"\10V(MQSSMUN)O4701!1")HLF;_W,5\-EF9&,/6=9$&49?>5_^>#5!A)CH4H%F<>+PU,G'E.F^)?9S;2IOC7Z6N;
MXE]J4_Q[3IOB '^KV^B9"+?XZ\>;C^]>_T^FV^OLR&7.=9`R4)*AA-I*EE*R7!T3"4K*1EF
MH+AD/MV:'\\3#U#)3$J&H(I*?LNVOR5K9-)(2DF:2-I+`TG]^?8WT]NI:Y)+
M2G'IDF2/2( 8V.2^3EQ*UYFXY+Y!W%K7FI
MCDOD5<5MGRR1-Q:WYA4[KB,O9V[-VX1 MW-R:-PVY1-[?W)H7#KE$WM+?FG?P4R4K*4G-#/*"_M:\)\YUY(7L;2&O-7.)
MO%Z]->]3 1
MOY2DZL@7*6S-R_NL5DJ)>8>?2^1K%>23IDKD>Q.VYO5]KB-?G[`U;_%SB?PZ
MU=;\'!67R&]-; \EQY]G^Q1^3X5Z;=47\O7JHA_4BN-
M?`V(E*3JO%_)\B??G92Z`ED`Y6M[4B6RWLB7R'")_&S?UOQZ')?(K_=MS8_(
M<8G\B-_6_$1?JD3&6[*._'[?UOR,'->1GUW;FM]9XQ+Y$;6M^=4T+I&?1)-V
M4B7RBXE;\RM]7$=^.%':25UU/I?(2M:1WTS 'R8GM_SS=?Y?-]^M7O]\_/=U_'?[Y^?;FX^V#,1#C
M3_?W3_@?Z>2W?]\__#ELY'_]/P$```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!8:%6L
MY`&PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULG)IMCYLX$,??
MGW3?`?&^27B&:+/5]JK>5;I*I],]O&8)V:"&$`';;;_]C<>0X,$3['M3=;WC
M^7L\GA\#ZX?WW^N3\ZULNZHY[UQOM7&=\EPT^^K\LG/__NO3N]1UNCX_[_-3
M Z//?225N>
M\A[6WQVK2S=ZJPL3=W7>?GV]O"N:^@(NGJM3U?]`IZY3%]O/+^>FS9]/$/=W
M+\R+T3?^,'-?5T7;=,VA7X&[M5SH/.9LG:W!T^/#OH((Q+8[;7G8N4_>]H.W
M\=WUXP/NT#]5^=9-_N]TQ^;MU[;:_UZ=2]AN2)1(P7/3?!6FG_=B"":O9[,_
M80K^:)U]> I*G`W8DOS[SO5!N-KWQYT;Q*LHV00>F#O/9==_JH1+URE>N[ZI_Y5&'BY*
M^L*E? UM]@-XK!YH.T@7]O-E>+-:SFNB18QG1)^NT9E86Q4!;;)9;R00Y,
M97R]3*#*B,A#-ANCG)@$^SX-(DBO_N4*I$V(VSZ-*YP+^K%(-7,"1DTQ#]*3
M**)T=P>C:=Q>D%U7IFPP*)IOL#!&]>L.RY%Y?+&-6V&LNAU&('^W`Q)N]!'`
M7IA'((Q5*3DRCT"@EA1#'*X6$R2FJ0+#B').0D\?2Z:*WC_NPEB5DB/S6#S@
M$PW&\U.#\X8S59%Q2`V(*2Q/5/ID&^]'A-9$33B`:IQ5D&>%!K0FG@ RC3:Z&@`VT -CQ(N62\>; 1\I#QK2B`UD2-HX!O10&T)IZU
M%+@]QM4X(%IS"OC"FJC)(4UF_A\%_#D%QB$U, GD3T;L*`$%#'-@&_%`+0F:AP#?,(`@36CVIG3`%V!K!H1TQ+X5C1`
M:Q+1`(CYH0L(#NZG!JU5U^.0@K6(:04"*PB@-5'C(!`0",@7EV"5P'E=B&FH
M_LF#&IW-DL.T!8&H9^.V`*U)3,*!KGX"'1!,WA!P(A$9**&>-Z8Q"*R0@-9$
M35)"B.D2Q-/!O)C0FJAQ@`AU
M@#`Z>3B3J`S,4-/$=`RBD;>(25@3M6%(?DY2/B%H"&%T],(!!Q/HC4-J3$S3
M(+Z,6,0D<3!]%T('.NB%&D*8';TY(-`7["7\YG;T8J9M"*T`@=8D31P@0@T@
MO.4^"*<1B8$82HYBIFL(K?"`UD2-PT.DP8/9MP2 /N`:V)FG``0_BA6GE3B0@1#H>Q/#M
M?JE5Q8E$1$L$IF&(K(B`UD2-(T),B'#_K*&UZGD,H
M$&LH$&ZR%1R C@BIC@@9+.I^0#A-E1B'U#/'-`FI%0_0FJAQ/$A%.4]Z
M=D1<9/*M$6<2%>$,AM28F"XA%:4]45[806%-U.30O$M(-6PP>NW&B41$BP:F
M2TBMT(#61(U#0TK0L+!90_%/GJCH`,24^DF9SB"UX@%:DS@X'J0:'F104POQ
MS'F`CD!4.6HITR&D5CQ`:Q(/QP.Q=O-#C-:JYW%(S0O3%F16&$!KHL9A0"!L
M&@=RVLN67^-P(A'142!E.H3,B@)H3=0X"F0:"B2)08.`$XF(C@(ITR!D5A1`
M:Z+&42`C%!!9,FH0Z,S-OA>
MLLP&.9/J:.E`>P1YT53>YJS+]J7\I3R=.J=H7L4E4A^N85Y'KS= [CDL4H-/8"\3V
MR;GGW`]G^B&O0LC)6ZS3&-8HQ$RW4AVRK'/W\\WMQB9!UK"];H5N3X55A\
MO_SX87'09F=K(1P"AM;FN':NFQ-B>2T4LY'N1`LGI3:*.5B:BMC."%;T+ZF&
M)'$\)8K)%@>&N;F&0Y>EY.)!\[T2K0LD1C3,@7Y;R\X>V12_ADXQL]MW-URK
M#BBVLI'NM2?%2/'Y4]5JP[8-^'ZA$\:/W/WB@EY);K35I8N`C@2AEY[OR!T!
MIN6BD.#`IQT94>9X1>>;#)/EHL_/+RD.=O2,;*T/GXPLOLA60+*A3+X`6ZUW
M'OI4^"UXF5R\_=@7X)M!A2C9OG'?]>&SD%7MH-H9&/*^YL7K@[`98<0[>#"POE>5[2-%V09\@I?\.LW\&S
M?I3BP5Z*3YW7M@X;P#UH2\[BOH.8#9`3)9"AZY5X,%1Z%)BFDX$WB`N8R:!V
M,]HXB3SYG\@>G&.P-5BF:786.6"ROE@32F=W<7R*V(P1:3R;T1'B1!OT\/59
M\>!S;=/3R.N`"=IN1U'[G,&@>X;+TZ`I#''H<25,)3:B:2SB>N\'-`&_P^YP
M=ZP27X"S_37Y*N])JM9=GQQBP!F-D.Y.9O]]J5^-4M2&!>0G!
M')=/G[J >U_+MJN:P]*'>>![Y:%HUM5AN_3_^?OS+/6]KL\/ZWS?
M',JE_[WL_`\//_]T_]*T7[I=6?8>1CAT2W_7]\>[Q:(K=F6==_/F6![PDTW3
MUGF/;]OMHCNV9;X>;JKW"Q4$\:+.JX-/$>[::V(TFTU5E)^:XKDN#ST%: K(
M7SS;_'G?_]6\_%I6VUV/Z8YP169A=^OOG\JN0$4QS%P--(IFCP3PKU=7
MIC10D?S;\/I2K?O=TM?Q/$H"#0CWGLJN_UR9D+Y7/'=]4_]'(#"DQB#*!L%7
M&P34S4&T#8*OKT%4&D$4OT]E0 %AZ2+P[YJ:0X0XCG^2A
MQ8R"7=(+UVB"?#11EC[V#$K189*_/D"0WB^^8F(*BUF=P4C$XPEA\HGT1HXH
M&^=X/G4G*@9LJ!C]#;<57.24S226\@9L$/.S1U!B%RB,DR+RTT@=*R!(00U8W-.^VN "A(/$K_P%NTRR>YN5`4M6`.#0(@S1RJ*`RT*D
M.`!OUS&C+:@!JL25>YO;@);D0NUPLQA; 48D&,9];F`)7)@)9FF;:
M7D^/9C.GI]T"`\*5-E@!33P"(QO5;>GSF0ZSY9+#L.&*F
MT\OL?L@58&H+`*XO6-`H(N@SR>;F, Q,+.C]A[(>G[&<7![,R$YS-F.NZ>+C+)>CNN"V(.$1*1[P-J%$$)$X38<0R
MOS<9B*+)CW_'?3FHU]10'UL0 >!RUAT?>6>\T-B7W>&ZG"(0[PYV12ITDS>HJ3>` 3M
M:)E2(,(DL4%$<>3%^@"?3QWQ;_I&WV^K0>?MR@R>8*L6CK;IC=] >AP1S!FZ;I3V_,:>OXJ\;#_P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A
M`&5'/1ER`P``F`L``!@```!X;"]W;W)K >>XR]?O_:U,X+[7G%VHV+O,!U:%NPLFJ/&_?']_PA=1TN2%N2FK5T
MX[Y1[K[?OOMK?6;]$S]1*AQ@:/G&/0G1K7R?%R?:$.ZQCK:P ?
M=STEI0IJ:G\1!+'?D*IU- #'0Y503-6/#>T%9JDIS41D#\_51V_LC7%
M/70-Z9^>NX>"-1U0[*NZ$F^*U'6:8O7EV+*>[&NH^Q6%I+ARJY<1?5,5/>/L
M(#R@\W6BXYJ7_M('INVZK*`"*;O3T\/&_8!6>>KZV[72Y]^*GKGQV^$G=O[4
M5^77JJ4@-K1)-F#/V).$?BGE%`3[H^A"?WBGI@3S7XAL[?Z;5\22@VQ$4
M).M:E6\9Y04("C3>(I),!:LA`7@Z326=`8*05S6>JU*9@LP+(K0G,GMB9T_DQL0@:=B69M+S;9-@NVV1
ME:S&A*IMOX12+7V<6 V)G3^3&Q"!I.#+,I.=M*L%VVVR;:LRT36?6,KVFV_V`T&()WQ3+YKN9
M^'P^?E"SO`\:1\Q\S1)LUVR?+1KSVR_J8'G:JB9D$40Q'EO5A$Q;U43@,`V#
ML57UY4H?N!TYTK])?ZQ:[M3T`"=&X,G3O]=7*_TB6* 7F[W:FW_P$``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`+!_#FI@`@``
M104``!@```!X;"]W;W)K ZP92^@*6/F7OWRV.VNQL
M!>`(,C0VI95S[9PQ*RI0W$:ZA0;_%-HH[G!I2F9;`SSO@E3-AH/!A"DN&QH8
MYN8>#ET44L!:B[V"Q@42`S5WJ-]6LK47-B7NH5/XH5=2&&UUX2*D8T'HK><9FS%DRA:Y1`>^[,1`
MD=)E/%^-* M=`WX:D@.!=_7[IL^?@)95@Z[G:`A[VN>OZS!"BPHTD3#Q#,)7:,`O!,E_61@
M0?BI>QYE[JJ4CB91,AV,8H23+5BWD9Z2$K&W3JM?`12?J0+)\$R"SS-)/(G&
MPV3Z>`+8P^DAP:#"G;;D?P7B.S!=G04?O]6]6T:,G67J6E.*T
MHPN+[3EDLV3!#EA2<8:L`@3O/23N$0S%](I0Q;6BMVM\2>S!/K&ON5>R"A^N
MTPS?3C/ZGS0>C$V[$C_]TU^`=$/XRL[X=1Y?X!$.X+]M^:"4HI>^6+-);R,8
M#9"D*W:,QP%>/2(("., P.&`$F4I-H$N*MT
M)YU.O;MGEC@)VA!'P';;__[&C`W^0=.TZLNR^3PSGF_&X[&]?O^YOCB?:--6
M[+IQR B@N[$HW[A?:NN^WO_ZR?F/-2WNF
MM'/`PK7=N.>NNZT\KRW/M"[:&;O1*XP<65,7'?QL3EY[:VAQZ)7JBQ?X?NS5
M175UT<0&.QZKDJ:L?*WIM4,C#;T4'?C?GJM;*ZW5Y2/FZJ)Y>;V]*UE]
M`Q//U:7JOO1&7: G<0;HC8,2)K0Y?
M4MJ6$%$P,PLB;JED%W``_CIUQ9],
M.1>:\!6:\6P>1,GB6U."V9XP?.64X2Q81"2*O^%L+#3A*S7O.^MAK/O4I457
M;-W.@'B":[:W@U4568$WF#.D.6?Q:$B%[W,@3M[)QH9`A/RVLO$_;,$S6
MWB=8+:60V=DR1)?82PF^-+C9U`0R$\@5P`-&`RU(_T^@Q:UP6M*AG01&GH'!
M04I(E=0$,A/(%4#C`"M1Y3!=1C(#7!@*1LO`0O=MAS)),/#96TAJ(9F%Y"JB
M>0P5\+C'7!A67:*Y;"X:%%K`7J2LK*7.:S\(#4&WD,Q" BN(Y)`9,9HSWTCVH.0
M9)Q:2&8AN8IH;"#_*IO[JYP+ZRXCHD;;0E(+R2PD5Q'-/WXZ,3;('XHVMZ.[
MCH@1;7-/'(2&:%M(9B&YBFALECJ;^]'FPKK+B*C1MI#40C(+R55$\X]`I?^4
M>&=.I90U=#_J!'L:;(S2@9V`U+C;4&I#
MF0WE&J2[R1O1XVYBV]+<1,@(D1[W'/N7YKG:
MTOJSQYY84&I#F0WE&J2[R5O.XVYB@]+<1,@(\-P,\"`U!MB",F)!N0;IGO-F
M]+CGV+HTST4WPW,_/]SM^=4`MA 4T48`BG5G&6Q5:E>8_0`E25QAB9<4>I`"\D>(!%*!J/7!FQH%Q`
M02^E$^)MZ0ZAC^SV-4)P@Q@887/3&"$4A$/P]S#,\Z%`J8#FJOLHI4"Y5.RO
MEKK[O`\I[D_$7743NY;F)D)!TM\I`I]8,1=7`I-)(9WL,>98;_3F"$4$LDL-E>3$.COW.(Z-.C(BLF(@`(T0T+?
MG]LT4`CO_EJ"`J/=WD]0+ZWW5`&-"3(.\'LIH"1(0F.#RR2$V2`)7/ECBX84
MLK,!)?<=V>BE#1K8GO=`)E6Q(:"SW3$*8#1(F9`EO4'IB 7BZM4[)7_I`'N\]V/P^OKTY2M'9]^PM(.)I^4A_!.1?=I#O8G@PM1G\0AYI,A
MCU=P6P=JWL`:7FEOQ8G^632GZMHZ%WJ$Y/O]N:K!=U[\T8GCR#/KX'T6U@#^`KX"5Y"C@NW:EU>KL[C,!)T$#&&%G,O/M3[6KRWTI#X'=?1DF
M/U?_N[NZNEUE^^'W'\?#Z'MU:?;UZ7'L3&;C477:UKO]Z>UQ_*\_TM\6XU'3
M;DZ[S:$^58_CGU4S_OWIKW]Y^*POWYKWJFI'H'!J'L?O;7N.IM-F^UX=-\VD
M/E 0>-D?]NW/3G0\.FZC
MXNU47S8O!YCW#\??;$F[^X/)'_?;2]W4K^T$Y*8X4#[GY70Y!:6GA]T>9B#<
M/KI4KX_C9R _U9W;9[_ZV/U7@;5@GL0(O=?U-
MF!8[@:#QE+5.NQ7XQV6TJUXW'X?VG_5G7NW?WEM8[@!F)"86[7[&5;,%CX+,
MQ.V&L:T/,`#X=W3 *%DV`^\QSH\U813XK`+XW$42.YTKLO&\*O;.A/
M''\6BKZO-(.KW ]]`W4@FG!Q
M15C)U;TZU"E&1Q=L\:;=/#U >!$PE9"C/T;Q]XOXH[B!6A
M\BQD'L +!6NE5V@S=WNGK!F)&4D821G)&,D9*1@I=6),
M' .Z8NK&$GP0&BS=W>!VBT@,VF&=D1T!OU(.1%]D1F)&$D921C)&
M :HX2CE*.,HYRC@J/20*8;1`*D[X/K"^Y@O@1W.9K-2B*H
M+`BM.8HY2CA*. X`?,DPPV(## X'=H8'Y8XL@C!M
M,KR#:`YGK3;OA3GOM8-6KM=OGUBB(.R**7?F6/>.1!F0%U*2\7N9C)!2SE5#
M4::!LI65%,J`E$N2Z93-`!(9U#7/_5&??^4YJ.-[UV$B9K@.D8M/)$0YN!;/
M/^!>HZ%8HE"=/`E'*354>S4CI.1SWK#@J*2&G9;I"Y%1Z;X8B!9]SIB`&7-&
MY$&D:>&RM,-%6G4/D&2A/-#0G;&8D59N%U2A[WKSF56=I`[:N'H0L?YR:64,
ME/57D!7VYP0^/$.T^BN-_DQWBKSM#G=BFF>X$Y$+/\J=GC6"-;3HHBKLMTU,
M2-WB$D*+SG>!L_!">RXIV>AAQL1SLE+B!2$I[@QQV%S8P@DTI*/" `=CL+$T7`4(BNB[.+=D59Z1/4-E:,DPD7W_'#FVW-)
M24F/*":>DY5:T8(0BON.OQQPE%3B$>7>EQAWYF9B+)$54=:M9DU6:M%C0FK1
M$T*XZ.XRQ5*0]R(*+@5F1'U7R4.G8KE
M/TRRK4"S#O2U;.AJ@2:1IYXW)H26W=$ESBU[ABD):7%&2&GG)*2T"XE\_6F6
M.[,*H)*T!B+-SL,[!\)+!IEX4?IP>Q;F\E1=(BV_6DODJ>"()?+A(.KO%NR>
MEI`5.M-UEL[`^48=:C=1WF%.4E7^1+I11]',41:S#G*RN=EB0%7;HS.?S@2R3C`;N_2+_O,.AF*X:#D7T598IK?1[
M?=^0-D'B2B1+"\C'%ZP(2Z41'+?4+J-V2CTGI#9\04CFL#-O,5#B&>I&[$&>
M VHLIZ9KN6#6$@%`HQ(;7N"2%<=P$U+HGA.1I$@:+!1PGMJMP#)#ODM UP=_NP9B[0RH@H;PC+2E!.RDE$%3X=#A[M*=JB=5=1.CRJF
M7I"55%]Z+MQ&K(4HI1'&K.DJ.\NV*XZ;'J9[//F62"1YF@?MFIBL5#C$$NDU
M,2&LJ@+8F&SCI*2DQQJ."A(F6HN ]8!$>:W'G+0@*>E7F>4Z!5G)'@-X
M*@0/T%B0HKP>I/C!)7X#=ZPN;]6Z.AR:T;;^$!]3PNY\>N@Q?NFY6D;P"AG6
MV^;.+!)O58>NP,>A\.YQX(KK1:)`';KBPY7.-58_\*7I "%E^)3@:50&B(
M0]=#/3_[T3.X NP$M#\-O0BN5P1;S7
M@[%->R?`U\+GS5OU]\WE;7]J1H?J%3;`K"OM+OB],?[1RC=X+W4+WPE#J@1?
MB&PO=V]R:W-H965T [DK>Z@X(^@Z4W
MR_?O%CMM'FP#X`@R=+:@C7-]SI@5#2AN(]U#AW\J;11WN#0UL[T!7@Z'5,LF
M<9PQQ65'`T-N+N'0524%W&FQ5="Y0&*@Y0[CMXWL[8%-B4OH%#?1/;Z-TG(\LOL@-,-I;)%V"C]8.'
MWI=^"P^SL]/KH0#?#"FAXMO6?=>[SR#KQF&U9VC(^\K+YSNP`A.*--%DYIF$
M;C$`?!(E?6=@0OC3\-[)TC4%39-H-H_3!.%D`]:MI:>D1&RMT^IW`"5[JD`R
MV9/@^T"274K"0D"#OSON^')A](Y@SZ"D[;GOP"1'XMY35_4+`Q@:%`%IH:/T+:6"+WU
MPS7!EAMWQ[E?37PI7NY/\]5P'[#Q!\YCSVOXRDTM.TM:J)`RCN;HQ82)#@NG
M>XP &UL
MK)I;Z^WKIJUFOI;IT];78O]_5_
M_37YHU^O'8ZKW=/J+=NE]_7?Z:'^Y\,__W'W,]M_.[RFZ;%&"KO#??WU>'P?
M-!J']6NZ71VNLO=T1R7/V7Z[.M*_^Y?&X7V?KI[R2MNW1KO9[#:VJ\VN;A4&
M^\]H9,_/FW4ZRM;?M^GN:$7VZ=OJ2/T_O&[>#U#;KC\CMUWMOWU__V.=;=])
MXNOF;7/\G8O6:]OUP'_99?O5US [IPV-P%SVVCY]OJ]_:0V2=KO>>+C++]"_-^G/0^7OVN$U^SG=
M;YZ"S2ZEJTT^&0>^9MDW$^H_&425&ZKV)'>TN?5][=CDOWTTLW+ZY'L
MOJ$1F8$-GGZ/TL.:KBC)7+5OC-(Z>Z,.T,_:=F.F!EV1U:_\]\_-T_'UOM[I
M7MWTFIT6A=>^IH?C9&,DZ[7U]\,QV_['!K4**2O2+D3H=R'2[EY=MV]Z_4M4
MJ+V\*_2[4&E=]6]NKKO]WN>[ I E"A/_YW%4IW.R+ZHU3YI,T-.V7R&3A:'5=_OL9XW2FB;%
MX7UE%HG6H$7"F'MVII2S\:/)2+/0J'PQ,O=UJD_S[$`9]./A^N;VKO	OVZ
MB'G4,2TW8H@(,\6-[$B"L003":82>!+X$LPDF$L02!!*L)!@*4$D02Q!4@$-
MLJ?TB%+R_^&1D3$>X>H^`K!I;6$((E!E),%8@HD$4PD\"7P)9A+,)0@D""58
M2+"4()(@EB"I`,<06@R4(1U:9TXOV,@14XN6YDJ.M'M]]X(_VIA>?K/)4V"H
MR$B1L2(31::*>(KXBLP4F2L2*!(JLE!DJ4BD2*Q(4B6.)=?"DO-6F&A:\6@Y
MYO6JVQ1>V*`>_2J#VGVY9)5!98HH,E9DHLA4$4\17Y&9(G-%`D5"11:*+!6)
M%(D52:K$L8=N_D[&G+?'1.?VX*(^6D+W?Y"A(B-%QHI,%)DJXBGB*S)39*Y(
MH$BHR$*1I2*1(K$B294X%[XK+KR]OU^9G=3Q=;/^]IC9G>$)0SIT'[=W=R/B
M^F%)VVXAS:UZJ,C(DNN6W0[0,\6UFV#C,@"F3A29*N(IXBLRL\3NV?,AS`O"
M'0[*6OENI=7MB/U*6`:@>PM%EHI$BL2*));8[CENT8+DI(ETZZ_LG7SXNQN-
M47'MLJ3=X?119&3)-:5P9;D3&X)Q&81K,BF$KDOIJ9+VREI5Z8X[&_PR"-(S
M)3U7TD%9JRHM>AV609!>*.FEDH[*6E5IT>NX#()T4I5VS*7=\5ES/Y6*1L3U
MUI).=>_=[HM4&]J@2KZ.++EQ[;YQ/1F701C=I!#B# J%Z[K2?AD$
MZ9F2GBOIH*Q5E1:]#LL@2"^4]%))1V6MJK3H=5P&03JI2CMVT]/K6;L_E\M&
MQ?7;D@ZM`I4\[;E7=U@$Y> C\L8LP"*C>C$%K8K:5V&0\!3DGX9
M8R1;HE.S4K/:5)J
MGNZYX[LY>7",/W%KI7,9W%OSH+R-W;;AWQZ],!D?&Q9Y&;TK7@:&2*J
MDM)`O*D9`S5SN\5]9,X`*[[1&"8[=%;G;?RN?*
M5A'%DW#)'@S`N()/`8J4M&][T^*4B?#E:P'#9;U@:RLN-?,6/:LXZJE`++<
M4@AT-@,7W"(NQI(K`D5`+!\#G95/''G7;7.&<8';)ES MCX!X'H^!BGDLW2XT.#VF7`$7R0-B61_(RBJW2]FS;JL!!)#EED*@DP-8H)0'
ML`3BZQ(!L6P,5,B*5$I0_+G\-H NX:BF`++<4`MF6Q``6W!)&O.0*
M0!$0R\9`5E;L+1*6/3T`-\7-^ `?%4'@/9
MJ2RNUP2EG"%3();U@%C6![*RHFLSE'Z4(/;0#%'<4@#$+85`12Z*C>L"Q3R"
M)1#K1D"L&P.=UDU0_-$07,O-J %D1TWO,4?G3
MIES5;04GQY6L!PU.$1_(IHA8?F9%* 3I'" :H)0S9`K$LAX0R_I`5E;8,$/I1PE2&%X,DUL*4)%;"H%L2^(B
M+%#*`U@"L6P$Q+(Q4)'B8B.2H/BC$;B.FT.:"QRW9SJ.X\4A$#U;\G/-K;C5
M#%M%5'6;7E;$[!ESE$EQ\70W*4J=%%>R'C0X0WP@FR%"=L:RE0'H!S/54@!9
M;BD$.KF8++@EC'C)%8`B():-@4[*)BQ[>@".X6W:XE]@>![N[M0+)%) G7#%$L/P=B^0"(Y4.@
MD[U>H)1EET`L&P&Q;`QT4C9!Z:?2FMY97.2R/1BJIG6N0,_5U;3N-,4V98BH
M2EH#\?0=`]GI*Q?RHK2:UEP!6>$!L:P/=/:A=:;EYUP1\@$0RX=`)WN]T+)+
MK@#9"(AE8Z"SO4X<>3>!:0) 4G.O/Z"7B)H'_0&]`=0\Z@_B4YR^[OV2=URT^TA?_>:37?(V
M?0U\0O^Q,Z#/DW2[7ZY)_V2%ZT&2OU\3#8RZ`_JD00L%W4%\BH]Z`WHOK^.]
MWH!>JFL>]`;T1ESSJ#>(3O_0A*7U/GM*'( V)5O%\LJV8W;U6R[*M
M:,MR2.K#O/TF"/R52"3,*K5G+D;NCXD?)!()($&R^/J??]U_/?OC]O'I[N';
MF_/DU>S\[/;;S'NV^?WYS_S[^*?VS.SYZ>K[]]O/[Z\.WVS?F_;Y_.__GV
MO__K]9\/C[\]?;F]?3XCA6]/;\Z_/#]_WUU-U\N;V_?GKU\/WV&QWY]/!X
M?_U,__GX^>+I^^/M]<>QT/W7BW0V6UW<7]]].[;GZ_
MO_WV;$4>;[]>/]/Y/WVY^_X$M?N;4^3NKQ]_^_W[/VX>[K^3Q*]W7^^>_SV*
MGI_=W^SJS]\>'J]__4K7_5>RN+Z!]O@?2O[^[N;QX>GAT_,KDKNP)ZJO>7NQ
MO2"EMZ\_WM$5F&8_>[S]].;\EV1WE ?\^>_KR\&?Y
M>/>QN_MV2\U-CC(N^/7AX3=C6G\TB`I?J-+%Z(+WCV;S]=__[U^>KAS^KV
M[O.79_+WDB[)7-GNX[^SVZ94NC=+-PU H2:[_>G.>
M4L5W'Y^_O#F?KUXMU[-Y0N9GO]X^/1=W1O+\[.;WI^>'^_^S1HF3LB)S)T)_
MG4B2O%HGL^U\32(3!1>N(/UU!=-7Z6:9+%>F]HF"='0\;?J+&E,^[8F"*U>0
M_J+@26>Z=N7H+\J==HD4:>.9TM^77>+6%:2_J/&T2TRH$XU5FG^@Z$D7F:`W
MF'^@Y&F7F5`'LI5R3SK1EPFZC_G'H=9)]R?H..8?*'+:):+G).R0Z O'AS_/:%BC-GKZ?FT&R61GU!!ZMO<=@O%'L4A!:%1^,3)OSJD\
MA=D3C2!_O%TLUZ\O_J"@OW$VE]HFD19[6)@(-[)9"/(0%"$H0U"%H`Y!$X(V
M!%T(^A`,(7@7@O 0B*$)0AJ$)0AZ`)01N"+@1]"(80O`O!^Q!\",&5!X1#*,250^8T3L7G*\2(
M*44SDQ ;P!?6:$U_#D;)=BN-]@>C0X@HDBM2
M*%(J4BE2*](HTBK2*=(K,BCR3I'WBGQ0Y,HGPCTT8;W`/<9Z=`\:]=(26HB!
M[!7)%,D5*10I%:D4J15I%&D5Z13I%1D4>:?(>T4^*'+E$]'PM$04#6_G]U=F
M2?O\Y>[FM\L'NS".Q,N O(ZA!"I2/K`ZD.I7SI8%%0'XP@W2CI5DEW
MAU*^]%R>=7\P@O3@R!CXP@.TUA0>B'1@2K_0@XVU;&E+_)96)'.$)AVOI8-%
M:WXPPCD7CO!@52KI2I6J%6F43JMT.E6J5V3P=40;4E;V@C8TUK(-+3%9+K=/
M$.1[9\/=+G.$/,NE9@O9$W)GM!D'CS1)TG78Q0MGPK%2JKJJ4^JJC]?5J+K:
M@S+ 6=&:
M%E>7`?&0GP.EHY/F\V2NG83Z%@>E$L58O`)B\1H(XK/Y)NP!C19O48R5.HUZ
M(&I.KQ6"A'5@>=^*EXG2-29[\S/IZ0');$X$T>20#*=9&$^P\@(*B`?R',C&
M3[+9+M444NH(@66W#.W3"'E>W0R3*E?<6(4UR-?KPX
M+3]>E'RMY+?+Q4I'C))O49!/M=.H![)GOUQO%Z'VX$S2\=2E3TS:YOOD2&S8
M+(_2,XP^EV97C7PC8F,>K![V,.+>FP&Q5`YD>^]ZOIR%5U+`A#MO"<3:%1!K
MUT`_UFY@PMHM$`MU&O5`1P+#-50D,$QRYCOA;Z4"9J\R#!*+1)#,@_E\[\J)
M&+'EYO.#FW-8+>R,LIK/(\YQU?D1XI3\"%'B]0GBC;.Q?7A,?EH4\^-#B?>P
M$FNA63BQ"WD9(E10>X?N8M`,9?(T)!2G)VWF!DKH*8MD%`7GN'?E4N[IF4-S
MV?4"%^>P6H_.2U:+V6JAYNP"\MS_2R"NL8+69(TUK`XUKN8+ZC%R,=-`GFML
M@?R(LVTS?8V]K'&YVM+H(:L;H!V)0+H:[>,E)^-P\I'AT7J2V=Z\=_H^EH4
M\P/UE.OK4=#6EZXC4YO5B4UM)D'U1]4COK/YK)C:+))!R8O,<1#:FZU*,_]Q
MB&1`W(=S(#?]T/IB'?&4D^)P*%&.U2L@5J^!IM0;&+%Z"\12G48]$+6TUQ6#
MP6F`522X3);K.^+T=9_-CTF:EQL6B7BB)%1&^M[+'&(79H#V=Z[2E>Q=9\KQIVW
M1#$6KX!8O`::$&]@P^(M$"MU&O5`1R+#/W?AAO1EFP:CN9Q>'!+AL`BV!??.
MR(\&(.YD.9#M4:O%2F\9H#9O@8=2W@(/B+5KH!]K-UJ[12D6ZC3J@>2.03@\
M"7GIA'![X&^MOFG#/9SZ'1+3QR+,C$O3AS:,[W@W.@K5O`S;;;B'?L*=@]
M\7%R*K5Z!2E6KX& D$"*U7N'%L(_2=!'!VA1%GP83](9
M3[;29297]H>OT64_LR2G1E/N _AC!;!`FSORHG0LN7\Y`E6-GE*DL5V
MM=$SC;/R9QH4]*-+R=>P@OQFL=6;`(V6;U'0#S`EW\/*I7Y+VDT,Y[%!B$M?
MA3L,87B=MK1.] IIXB_(EL%B=@\C[JT9$/>P',BNF9+%>C.+
MC%:N/NZL) @7$ZC70E'H#(U9O@5BJTZ@'.A(*_LE+1U#!ESC"F`=+,HM$
M*"S#E3&EBZ: P\JI)QN:]\.!
MO7%&MLO:;3>4XQ/M-.J!1$0D:EEV.'F>9'\\[9O\V`^2D:FY-J;&'E!YD]">\:^VB->K1S9Q^9;TP"K1SY4^LWFY(+IUHDXC!->$5I
MMV]2E O
ML9 K3*->HT*C4J-*HUJC1J-6HTZC7:-#HG4;O-?J@T95`TCTFF?;'R2/NL;FW
M/PC.+?(?K]4HTRC7J-"HU*C2J-:HT:C5J-.HUVC0Z)U&[S7ZH-&50-(7X3[$
M$5_H_0;:T3%CU))'YKU&&1`9\UR0!NO_G*T04(5&I4:51K5&C4:M1IU&O48#
MD'[0 2P4V_=U;"']9J27^XZ\_4('.PPA45T/*>@`;B8:URB.11
ML-:H04'6:H%8J^."WJFFP=JX9RO4.$"+Y=\Y1/HP\:70DDIP63I$XY
M\L3(LKFNF+I=^NM'ED+9W*(%=]= `8U:LJE-BNDW]9$9V&:DHDE=DLK^W].VA`DAKTMD#GFS1ZY1@8+<
M54L@EJ]TP5JC!@59JP5BK4X7[#4:4'#4DNUG 1-5/T3HCT9-5A16D)BNL83558:,K
M;%&.K[`#FJRPAY78TU3[7J)&X4&S1?OS,@
M;YP!LAOQF\UZH[9_"]APSRZ!6+P"8O$:"+O\M'&M'MYJ8,3J+1"K=T"LW@-9
M]=5LGJI]\0$V.I#HQ;<7N>&X(-XS'>N0F/Q`/"SF0[<4+>C),
M/UGK;/RH03'NQ!40B]=`$^*-%F]1C,4[(!;O@:;#0 ](BBM9%
MRCT6>9/"WEGY^X0.T8"+@2X'LD]"4*_:ZL=("TAQKRV!N-=6D&+U&LBI;])Y
MHFYN-I!B]1:(U3M(L7H/9-5_$!.N82(Q$:;'H2].6P J,$XK5+I;5J(.[0#0JR5@O$6AT*\GGU0*PUH."H)?NXR35/
MG[07QCP8:RPR-S8/8\TZN)^T=^5$]W;E>-C,8>5&_'7L23O8\K@;C_54`L
M7@.Y,7F[2B,#OCLG%F]1C,4[(!;O@43"DP:M,,"*>OFAJ?R[:M(S84X]O1Q=
MZ-S9(3$+K,,;3,[(Z\49$/>I',B.TVOS\TAA>EV@.NZP)8IQ5ZR`6+P&@OAJ
MKF;+1HNW*,;B'1"+]T!6?#E3(]H@I*4+3(+Z@N"P^:R_HEU8)((C394/G!7W
ML0P%N8_E0+8#+^9+W8$+V'`'+H%8O`)B\1H(XJNM6FPUL&'Q%HC%.R`6[X&L
M>+)2=P\'6(S2T@ DER,7
M.D]V2$3%)M@=VL.(NU8&Q%TK!W)=:QE9:1>PX7Y;`K%X!<3B-="$>`,;%F^!
M6+P#8O$>B&+?FPR41]S^020P3%KZ@L"P6:P(#(MD8`2[FON%-1*!X1#WW1Q6
MMN\FR8K>X0I"K'`V(C"4>`4E%J^!)L0;+=ZBF!\8ZLQ[MIIT@RUHSUT$QC+,
MF EM#^AP+RZ!6+J"#J_J
M:Z`?2C?08>D6B*4[Z+!T[Y#)DR>XAD5`R^Y3)N7Y'MG
MY4HMRK-X!
ML7H/Y"_YTS1X]&5@>=]_O/:1860R/W\T"\/HM/R.-E7#_,0A/]G6*`/B`3H'
MXEY:`'%?+H%XO*J`6*L&8JT&B+5:(-;J@%BK!V*M`2@2!&'>/)U%+'5^[)"8
M)=)Y,+COG97H]"X_YJO)8>66.-O94BT%"]3GI1$HQKVR`F+Q&LA-$^F*TI1P
M$FJT>HMRK-X!L7H/9-77Z]5:C:*#$)?=VR264]W[M%G"IJ?^'&[N+IO["R(4
MY^%:"E;<93*'Q#1AM6A_V/P,9[+:;/0D#B7NM240BU=:O`:RXHMYNE7MUT")
MQ5L@%N^@Y$\5XLQ36GSHMPVA%(F1,-/^^8E")^-+BX(P"E=;SDJ$D2UHEHO>
M-!C ;J(/Y>Z4SNR=]3OBY@;
MX29*>3S)@'A@SX&XKQ=`'!$E$&M50*Q5`[%6`\1:+1!K=4"LU0.QU@`4"2:3
M>TXU]6DCG 3#/'#H60+8@+2=-`*6OO'?[QB>Q"R G6_Q^O1YV;73T<
M):6NNCJIZEI6O7R5!G?@&BAS92T07V=W4F6]K&S^*GR`:(!R)&9-=JO 67DHTRC7J-"HU*C2J-:HT:C5J-.HUVC0Z)U&[S7ZH-&5
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MQ2+:)\*%[YV5AS*'S`ERAP[3K)RMH%4`>9DE$#\>6P%)^2`%KMD*\@T0R[=`
M+-\!"?EP%=2S%>0'ARA])"1'$I,>'QQ";?CWNKU-LH4_+/(:?[]2*`.BBCU_
M!+E"SE:XH@*(6Z'=J7/- MZ8*U1@T*LE8+Q%J=+MAK-*#@J"7[N4DD_:8^,F/:O%,TJ45!$APLVW"M+(/97Q6BBOAI6MK[X]A9LN+X6B.OK&$W4
MU\/*UA??WH+-6)]TG\E9??>98>JDF_,KF^T*3[H$V`^.=!ZDR7M7D![J0R1D
M#E$O`\J!N#T*%.3AI`1BK0H%6:L&8JT&!5FK!6*M#@59JP=BK0$%(^.0R6']
MUCT2'#;E%4UJ4;!UI<8;:R6:U"+1I`[QJ1 +((=X3VL^`(SC7(@L8\4
M;LD5L*+4P!NH@K@H8<4U5AK50),U-K":K+&%%=?8:=0#B1K5JP&P&ETMAIBU
MR&^/>TSGMZ,"#4O43[C]U&\!.BOO.=M,HQS(W8R+/HZ(^GCF+%&,DX1*HQH(
MXK''$;5XBV(LWFG4`UGQV..(0EKZP&2EIP]$M,,6;K4Z)%_/4+_YQU88R#.-
M :=0#'8D%VWSTRW'4"M(/
M)K%\@1^,>3!Z613$0G@O8VVM1"PHE,/*]BBZ:SO3=_Z A]O-SDKT<5O00SFLQ$[;(L@N"M1(ON09)KR/5T*+&ZO2
MJ`:2-0:S?7-2C2VTN,9.HQ[(1L-6W4X?N#(U(-%()D+AB+.,>3`@613T_W"%
MNG96W*DRC7(@.W:GYELBP;JL@`GWX1*(M2N-:J`?:S T6B+4[C7H@NDBO
M^P1CP`"K2,B8Y/8%TX+-A?T\8>W28Q$RZD<2G947'YE&.9`;7",^&LJ'M[
M?41/,ZK&"O(WNPRBB ^UMW>C=&)0@]
MBX+04S.>L^)NF3DM_P%]A^0;4:LP#796YI,'O(95ZQ-8<8V5KK$^J<8&6I,U
MMK#B&CM=8Q^M43O2M5 T\(.ZC.1!OFQ5`8^^S
M/X4.Q"U6`;%6#<1:#1!KM4"LU0&Q5@_$6@-0)"I,SNQ'Q71FO+$IMNCR+NNF
MM(:=O5+K0&OEW63,G):' E?MD>QT7L4#HG!)UVIP<<6])H] OCVHW6
M;K50IU$/; V?E>T&CW"'R`GQ5
M..2WNBY8:51KK49KM;I@IU$/+1[;!Z$E.O8VS-[_UJ)T5`E:.I+4)^&CDGM7
MT%^_`/$J(`<2JX!UD%L6SNI(4@\M;IT*B&NL@29K;$ZJL846U]@!<8T]D*A1
M#?IPXI$U3Z)&FBRQN:D&EMHL7RG40\D:M3#E&O52.R$6?:1V-'9]#::38>I'ZRX_V4:
MY4"B_ZV#H:V`U>0P7\**:ZPTJH$F:VQ@-5EC"RNNL=.H!Q(U:H^Y5HW$F$D>
M7S#:V5Q3+`4L"F(L3!&WULKK\9E&.9"]8;A>+2*_>>=L_/TI%./.76E4`TV(
M-UJ\13$6[S3J@8Y$CFNK2.2\+%7?ZE3=(?F\Y5K-.K:@-\5D7!#I2PYDYX5E
M$OGI')CPK%`"<8^M-*J!?JS=P(2U6R#6[C3J@8Y$@VN#2#28C-./AG"9==*K
MAUN;MXH@L8BZO[?*4C^=XPJ*('$%>8&3P\KNLY)OZ#%,M2*PQ420'$X!;JZ@
MQ.(UT(1XXVP\\1;%_"!19][#BN:/PUHSU8.5?^XBM:'=C9A_?B:WL9)RU0`F
M0BF9!VGFWC-#BV9@1WXGXF!FOW^7)K0H43Z$D4T'[-KYP#@.*K#I.NN#V42=
M#8R\.ML#XSH[L.DZ>YB9GV>;\#C,_,3GXNG+[>US=OU\_?;U_>WCY]O][=>O
M3V [S]].;\EV3WRQC3`;],=E=CQPQYNKN*VL]W5V-(
M!/:_+':_F%,E;P='+A>[JW%,#_ER=S7N*8=\/J,JHDIS.ED[`*@R=+KT32]=
M.VW5[ D
MC^SIB-E&TT=H/W.718_0MN;.;*KI,K2;N3-[:_I(24?*Z!':V]R9G39=AG;O
M=V8G61^A+?N=V5#61VCG?F?VE?41VL#?F>UE?83V\7=FEUD?&>B(V6S61_9T
M9!\]0C A>QT[L\NNCQ1TQ&RVZR-TGV-71H_0[8Z=V7K79>CUN)UY
MGTL?H;?D=N:U+GV$7I;;F;>[]!%Z9VYG7O+21^C5N5T?/4)OT.W,*U^Z#+TL
MN-M'C]`[@[LL>H1>'=SET2/T!N'.O/*FZZ$7"7?FS3=]A-XGW)D7X/01>FN<
MKB AU7_)/[`B]O$OUQ([0[S%0
M/;%1[Y+.X#)Z!O1:/[5U_-P6=&ZQ*Z7WS.E(K`R]V$]M'3M2TA'S3KEN47K-
MGZXT=H3>XZ>>M"K_-33XP=H:\E[ T6:VOZF0_R3VR,IY^EH".Q,I?++4TRL?YVN:)9AGXQ)'9N-,O8
MWZ\(^@Y]1FYGOF:FR]#7Y';FHV;Z"'U4CMH@UJ+TQ3,Z$BM#WY/;FZJ)[8$?J"W\Y\-2Y6#_7$Z%EG=-9YM`Q]PV]G
MOANGU>A3?KLR>H2^Z$=G'2O3F6DAHC6822'"+^?SW25]&%'73A_?I*N,':%O
MQ(YD9/B+U7ZYWE[$SWIM)+&*?D8MCWLHH`&/V
MA9F^(CJEF;PBO#(3>X0W9EJ/\-9,ZH9?'+K 3%]K_>'[X3LO1\[-?'YZ?'^['?WZYO?YX^V@,R/C3P\,S
M_L-4\.?#XV_CTO;M_PL```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#J7!92S@&PO=V]R:W-H965T N.B>[&./PZ'FI]#
M:D3YX>>OI^/D2U[517E^G%IW\^DD/^_*?7%^?9S^^4?XTVHZJ9OLO,^.Y3E_
MG'[+Z^G/3S_^\/!>5I_K0YXW$_)PKA^GAZ:Y;&:S>G?(3UE]5U[R,[6\E-4I
M:^AK]3JK+U6>[=M.I^/,GL_O9Z>L.$^EATWU$1_ERTNQR_UR]W;*SXUT4N7'
MK*'KKP_%I5;>3KN/N#MEU>>WRT^[\G0A%\_%L6B^M4ZGD]-ND[R>RRI[/E+<
M7ZU%ME.^VR_@_E3LJK(N7YH[ 3%XHQKV?K&7EZ>M@7%(&0?5+E+X_33]8F
MM>^GLZ>'5J"_BOR]UOZ>U(?R/:J*_2_%.2>U:9[$##R7Y6=AFNP%HLXSZ!VV
M,_!;-=GG+]G;L?F]?(_SXO70T'2[%)$(;+/_YN?UCA0E-W>V*SSMRB-=`/T_
M.14B-4B1[&O[^5[LF\/CU+F_ -V$A7$XGN[>Z*4]_2R.K Y:H>_TG/1]:3/KN?BSEZYEGLOKOM*1VIM
M`Z9/-:0S!'REXWW7<3ET_."UTEIKAZ3/VZYUW76D3W6MUH>NU:(\DM,J$DI.
MV7>4G T>&GJZTLFM@)K(_RJ#)-2]3GW;RE'N2:\?!)N
M'J ODRY.S6#[,OE!N[SJ;+=I8W,)3%B*1A5O?!($)0A-$)HA-D)@@
MU0?B`PF`A$`B(#&0!$BJ$Q8HW1=N"%18\T`E69*0PR2[ R.ECP\D`!("B8#$0!(@J4Y8[)2^-\0NK'GLDBQE82+V PYH%*XFJ[&!"_([3!#(E@&[?(H#=2B1!V9-`P`M=Q
MW^N*ZZ0W4JY3W363@PH2)H>L">YH(B?-H=A]WI84`MTT1V1RZ-XO*P+AA*LD
MB:X2$+\CB[:$L.?6@J^4H&]7480=T00"KW'?2Q0FY-7A7I.^77E-=:],&U$C
M717GC_+R;^)0[:K4:=UP>3KDD+!#AKA0(HGQZ:[:/C=T15*']([VW%1.N;=;
M:2W'6 S)8M#JFG4(MEVR'9Z
MY'6(I:?LN*#MII=[)#T[JTY(QW%'M916+#TETD:,NXNX/F*BK.2(E)ZC"NL#
M V27UC4!6G$Q6O0AM,\^S`/F(`D0AH@A1C"A!E#+$M1!U
MHJ[%=V*6926+62*C3C+V: %XOC'MK`-.0C"A"%B")$,:($4 X#G<0
MCYHA*P`%:!4BBA#%B!)$*4,\9E%;WA"S+$7)GYK!K261L2&XO%SQ!BO5T4<4
M(`H118AB1`FBE"$N@R@C;Y!!5IU,!HFTU>]9@'Q$`:(0480H1I0@2AEB,=MC
M!?)_VA!:3[QTZY"1%?=&5@Q6?58@"A"%B")$,:($4 ,)VNO
MZTA60T[T'14*T"I$%"&*$26(4H:X/F8U>?TF026W^533(9836#6B58`H1!0A
MBA$EB%*&>,RW58U4]$/,?3VHUP?&&;/7=613WW< F]E4%?]8`"M`H118AB1`DB\8)XN`@I@WSA*U_$G?+J-??RX[&>
M[,HW\3+7$2 V0Z^:VR=M:%E02QLAM+C4TIZ,0 G%MMEC+C2CL
M:%U`RXI:VO,):%E3RWJLCSVG<=J3([./+5Z=MR^:H<6FEK;6-5OHHMN7[2:G
M2QZ_8M*,GEK'8B'-Z$%NK(4TH\>=L18:GLI\;(E7&SI>'>'K#1TM(D])R#%.
MOR;X-!HW236N%`DUXG]+88]%_6E!_L31:A.U?-9G`/W:X9*]YK]FU6MQKB?'_(46T+P]
MA:GD[R7DEZ8[EGTN&_J=0WM">Z#?M>3T5F(N'E9?RK)17VC@6?]+F:=_````
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`EB:=47("```/!@``&0```'AL+W=O ,<5E1P-#;B[AT%4E!=QJL5/0N4!BH.4.
MX[>-[.TSFQ*7T"ENMKO^2FC5(\5&MM(]#:24*)'?UYTV?-.B[\ UB<
MT2LIC+:Z =K=LV0:;DH)3KP:2'GT3
MV^C])R/++[(#3#:6R1=@H_760^]+OX6'V=GINZ$`WPPIH>*[UGW7^\\@Z\9A
MM:=HR/O*RZ=;L`(3BC11.O5,0K<8`#Z)DKXS,"'\<7CO9>F:@J;S:#J/)PG"
MR0:LNY.>DA*QLTZKWP&4'*@"27H@P?>!9#*[E(2%@`9_M]SQY04G;
MO"@/J8S[)R;FIW2^KZ?)M$ %TSU&CE.I'4[B\-G@Q0O8=7&$QBNMW?,"A=EX
ME2__````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`VJ-!!"$(``#^*0``&0```'AL+W=O
M ^]^/HN0/4E(L[^7:HRE2I*@?99\>WG^_G!??BKHI
MJ^O.\Y=K;U%B:!=@X=KLO%/;WK:K5;,_%9>\65:WX@I/CE5]R5OXM7Y9-;>ZR`\XZ')>
M!>MULKKDY=63%K:UBXWJ>"SWQ<=J_WHIKJTT4A?GO(7Y-Z?RUG36+GL7 \
M_OIZ>[>O+C R_8'&O46E_WV\\NUJO/G,\3]W8_R?6_.V'+/-6CP^8H'_*XJT9_7_1
MG*JW7^OR\'MY+2#;L$YB!9ZKZJM0_7P0(AB\TD9_PA7XHUX F[_K-Y^
M*\J74PO+'4-$(K#MX'HME#1L',,HB%I7UUA@G`S\6E%*4!& '
M]K3SPF09I^O0!_7%,/`DK.P\*%?PWD-EOCU$4/:R^03;V2N>#
MU(&?O8[?:ZQ@-OV48!KC*9G3TWD6RL*S2)>8R@ QT&$66]?SD#J1)CV<5P1=7@_+J$,:Y*./$51S#PI)0AYR&FT[I5(5B$T
M]ZP*9?3>IU5*]*`2:E9D,8F6DWD4PZ@#)2&IC2P5`EEQCT4H4U=2HL %4$97PY)'4=(ON:Q`I43K(NR52%WX
MP+%QU/?=HS8-58GT=/IBQ[-\!A&D9,*%`D4Z[&FT!%YI.@?`T(`$`49N)[PI
M7HR]29$A(/`_MHRP]./I:A<39P72B6A(PP:G( GR(/@<9,.3T?P+$UPG2B6A*A[AI1+,8(CBL;SL._DZ+
M[KM!BTZ`T6:B3'7$^%)D2"D#BBA3EWW7HV58-26B&=WTE40""F:!!+4I2)1(
M#R@P@,2/0'@_9SB,N5!L(0'%EHX9S`():C-O-I`$X'^\G5R[)HYC/H0I$-&(
M+'TSF,41U$9O`R&B:%A]==Y2M"$ `3"ZAS!`V8.!(8..+'X3(%
M&Q->=)*@,2VIE@8:S"():K,EM)U'`H8(W,B)PWD$!S(G"B"T3BPM-&`$F4B@
M#@XT8%JFD$$"6^@Z$VLR;9(>.IY!Q0L04^RXA
M23Z,^R3:`K\T)$M7#D'+?3>A-@M)`N$P.%_&J-2,@R8(QC-"`"0^1`0^^TYLRCF0Q
M*630F"P'"/&%9D9,$@8D)AL?(A,?I@^9.(P%9()#8CD]1+/@@-K,FX)#H']O
M8G"XW_$BG0B=B&X?RYDAFD4$U&:!V(@0&XC@L'UP&'71B6BI60X,\2P>H#;S
M9N-!;.)!`M]RIXZJ.)`Y,1+! X\9
M..Z7)&JS Y7$VK3G"J1GM.$`09SZH(!',B<2-;0DDTM3301S'#^
MFH?:/*6C%WQ9IYT6S:FEZ26S.(3:+%QAP'0R21A@1$[#+'1X9\:1S(OI9)):
M^E_"`#11)SIUT(`Q)@-AG`[YB6+'Z)#?B>C6LW3`A.$$DPE[9R(T=2"!?_J&
M$,5#):AZ45JT7BQ]*V'TF9B`3APT8,PMHPONP0U,:L*%(L@XLTI$,VOI@^DL
MJ*`V+4TETJ&2FJ#B]!T,1S(O1JI8&F$ZBRJHS;P)`Z9%2ADNQ"(YM5@ ,Z42(:$N^B\MJ8O)MU*>J7XI?B?&X6^^I57`F#O]8_/O1B
M=5\M3;=/4(3PYUK^)(O@"5Z*XD_B &,7$"3\QC-MLG>. )(8
MG\# W_*7XDM MDDMYS;;JCZQ6O^Y^_>7IHZQ>ZW.6-0HH7.NM>FZ:FZUI=7K.BJ2>E;?L"F>.
M954D#?Q9G;3Z5F7)H1U47#13UY=:D>17E2G8U6 7\W
MYDG*M=L_B'R1IU59E\=F!G(:NU&:\T;;:*"T>SKDD`':KE39 >?=2C?ROUN?P(JOSP6W[-P&V8)YR!E[)\Q=#H@`@&:V2TW\[`'Y5R
MR([)VZ7YL_P(L_QT;F"Z%Y`1)F8??KA9G8*C(#,S%ZB4EA>X`?B_4N18&N!(
M\KT]?N2'YKQ5K?G,7"^,Q1+BE9>L;OP,!$:L3@6,G8EJC6[ES^7DW$H[=R/EL9>@;:P4IW!D'9]ODX "XT.WN.G&P?%SMVA`!FQ&L9;89/V'CQJKB;;$W*1)
M=D]5^:'`NH5)KV\)[@*&C;J\N)A#?;G]K-J@S%#E&66V*F0.=53#$GG?S #'P9!#((91#)(!X!#6SIO8%2_S^\01GT
MAF?E$R%UV&\>2!VC827!WG%G';"@%5QR
M%+06#=KW07T)$.(1XA,2$!(2$A$2CXE@!VRC#]B!T:T=/`F'D?&\$^(2XA'B
M$Q(0$A(2$1*/B9`H/`:$1'%?-! $P$6Z"R!5ON[P08+>;.R'C^"7$)\0CQ"0D("0F)"(G'1$@4
MFV?YN6BMLML
M58CJ)WH8R)%'D4]10%%(4411+"#1!FR.Q@OA_H0;K)>")R"_=:=#T*=SM*?(
MI L`&UD,)-C`DV$"0:W0(#OT#T3*ECM$;H@8;^H$<
M!30JI"BB*.9HP@9LAL8VL%>D&;YX-N"Q%HJP1V&
M3&NT,`AR#886R_:MRM2-N?B@\(8`[H+?(7/84P*.AHN%PT!\7P-E2U2.A@"N
M''.95EFL%FRE9)M,>+ZV'GTK;S_S"!ZIO4FH(6VB#+5"_:NE);\OX><0W$39
M)POVZLC0!NSKJ\K4B7E=%-[#^\Y:+^1R1:HH>-_XDKRNQAA01+QD"L-XA%'3'RU@>J4M&-!6_0)N[@'
M?&)-'^CQY>[`9TUT0"J7A9C=GD L*9V_`-88+#G;;;J'Q#
M2QO>.6G\'E+#W8B><>&,.WG&@S.X-]$QL)/;N$71,["AV\'D&=C7;=RPZ!C'
M,&T'V@9Z9@]G]I-GH.6#29RR&+H@.#.E!AT:S-;4&>@-(-,IG^'9#FKL(=U;
M#;\)W))3]GM2G?)KK5RR(Y2YWO8Q%?M5@?W1=,_JE[*!'P/:Q_89?OW)X(.L
MCA]`CF79\#\@>:W_/6GW+P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`),9K0 &ULK)QM;]LX$L??'W#?
MP?#[36Q)?D331:TG4K@##H>]N]>NXS1&DSBPW>WNM[^AAJ/AOO3
MQS^^O'O?_OP?7_X>GS%Z?X)^'+[?'U\-V?=\V>GZZ34:CZ>WS>O ]Y #Y\W2?GG9']:?GZ#??XRS]89\M_]0[I]WF\/^N'\XW8"[6WQ0
MW>?%[>(6/'W\
M'W;W_]B];"':,$YN!#[O]U^=J;UW"!K?JM95.P+_.@SNMP_K;T^G?^^_F^WN
MR^,)AGL"/7(=6][_66R/&X@HN+E))L[39O\$#P#_'3SO7&I`1-9_M)_?=_>G
MQ[MADMQ,9J-T#.:#S]OCJ=HYE\/!YMOQM'_^'QJ-O2MTDG@G\.F=I-.KG:3>
M"7R2DQ$[.7/WS#>$3]]P C
MJ8O9F1O.?#/XY!MVP3[3$&9K^Z3PV=WOH@==^(;PR7>\J.484A$SP^4DCOKD
MYNU.WF)BM7E:K$_KCQ\.^^\#F/R0.L?7M2LEXZ5S2AF*W>UR]JV4A5QU7CXY
M-W=#"`!DXQ'FV>\?TVGVX?9WF!L;;[/2-F-ID9.%FPC.;1,@95#.H8F!C8
M!N(6P=+&!"?-7Q,:Y]Z[;WP8MEK;R:
MKI7WFLI@VNXZ>6U"KR((3O&(**#\N7'2]/2XVWQ=[6'Z@C[HR8P4>N7%C_,B
MH],ZOAN&X=&H\&B>=0E4:E11PR`HA#CS##5T3\X:;!'%AJVZX)`OG2)C)XS"
M^1%'Y[?]ZUO1`:W=A0?U%:R*=,]5ZQDV,S`S^6%G(_FP.5GA=@8%(?J: &K-BQ)?2&XX:N]^2<4V9A@.(I>5G!0GTGXN8EGTS%J+3F8[02J>A1VH6R
M)*NP%*DLJ+R5R#OEWI`O=F\)9>VPS,;QN#3"L\POI_=4^.`T!++%E7LJ:%?4
M?N AANS+$F)?C?`EP^/D9AB>=\*`ZE2$`5&40&I90"N10!YQJ2G!
MKT^SL!Y&N\V*K,+9GXPBE5J3%5=-0XCO:`G-V\S*LME 50^*F_U3M*2+[ZC(<1WM(1P1I;!0=-'44MM;3:!]9Y7.(_E4
MD?NP-.E"05;\$.:BA[!D-*FR8+^+I/[JD: +AVNO+BAY_UZKE&A4:E1I5&M
MD='(:M0()/OL=.\5?4:9+/J,:,*+5^Z^>80P!*@@!'G""9)$PJQD*TJ02J-:
M(Z.1U:@AU`Z/#(,3QE>$`76T"`.BH,\Y:`,5!H]D&"*%55)#7G,JC6J-C$96
MHX903QB+XB#*BV11B\`.='S]TB!-D`\XX&M?`H *O4>E;$!M*G(3;&S7EI
M+#6JJ"%/P)H0^S(>34+5GDXCJ6C9BAZB(5\]2ZC3J.>B*/=&-[0:-^TW3`=%[<
MMI0*PB.7EUPLY]&N(2 R@EH4N(]J<456Y]4;6?%#&$)G'\*2
ME=\WIZ.Y/I0A&YUZ;N?P@^%&S1MF6^L,OL*7:C8JRCE9\=Z@(,33K"04;OC2
M.>^UV@/MRENY9;D;`:V,V1=-1D.([V@)^2WT(E,BF.\&?F36QB+XO/!+4=F*
MV"&*4C4J*[EO"`L/]:0@%$Q>0F%>ZH-4L@K*'2%V;PBQ>TL(,VX\RZ8Z4KXW
M/0GG!&Y8Z]Z)%.IA$2E$;C"Z,4]G46;DJ;MC!=_PS226F>:4<1B_'UI)4]37(JR(9`(NHGU@[AN*!,2&
MP7%*Z:U2/"5>J%U]16["W//W#W-/>;:^H3@'2A?1(47#[CGN85F0$74B6T7T
M9PYJ4I3M(KJ(9-*J /
M7,F_(@RMN9P3'@5]SC4J/'K[[2,VZ")`;O@;V)H0ZR;##=_84K,!>6[(C7[+
M)NM3[N.@7E[TE7[K)0H3"GL1)H4*WS!\!TFCRB,<3EQ>"(6!0?=S6,2Z-4YO
MJ &-:7U`*^G0X!XS.+MBC2&]J*V\3JG)JQOK)$#I[/TM6?N\W'Z=Z$RWN)RITYG3JY16Z-8_F'"I=
M^57I(C[V]PU#\4V(9U-)Z/SNCZS"/-,*G*S8O27D=W_)>-03*N^I)_&<4+TB
M5*AK1>(ABA(O/M/)T$IDGDT\*7U78MA3-$49[%@LA;B3S#AJ!2:&DJO16LV&XY6TSU2P<5.0J3#!T%
MO@TY8M^6D-]*+$;ZA0;A6T;/2=@PQWZP]J,2%KGGQ3%\=,4K7402*8=#4Z>M
M1.YYQ`E2DA4F2`K1Z\D^;":R3SDWY(F=6T+>^70,?X\6;>4;;X/.90"OT]UN
M;QIM/SR*%LGXC(:L^,$+0EQP2D)\,%`1"O,*'R(X]3=DQ;XL(?;5$.JI5;'P
M=GETT5%TIC6X1U'94@LF-A2IXQ$'J?2^P(K34)U65MX*QI>MPD,0+\?4'0VY
MYSM:0O*.\;'+>W<42>;.*L0L/;^Y:\WEHNF12+)L%.]QR8J'O"#$B5$2@NK4
MS6Q]$$A60=X18O>&$+NWA$+WV2@2C0U9A9HJ'#$9/R>:SU6YB]8(]^9)-'$Y6++4*0OQE4TD(ELPNK%G\8G?EK=[)5/+%=S2$^(Z64'A'-9`-
MWQ&6,QG6WHW#SYP&PC?9*L2(YE"S@K#$R[!O&"R5A4?NY*AKJ-6SMW*=[*RR
M4;1,5>3^K6S#^D!687[CTY]_"-O_$-$2T)#[MQY"CDV\:_FQA7VB=S,>P1]7
MDKS)-2HT*C6J-*HU,AI9C1J!9"R 1NB=! 1=LPGG14/O4*EMJHTJC4R&EF-&H%D
M&)Q(OB(,J*E#I0^G7RXR8N@5*K15J5&E4:V1T [AN*6=\UI&PHM56E4:V1T L]BH8^EM)L1>- MDZ@K`UP>7[N5`?:5(%M"F+R7AG3IHTWKQE(PACWS/#UU`0QKXKJQ12$E2]]K9*(5_@>]J^*Y"2>"H8#?XJF2Q7N'>)
MKL!KS4OW3J_V!F\W0T_[$KE(IG"EKPV\C`RCV7&ULK)E9
M;^,V$(#?"_0_"'I?Z_8AQ%G$NH46*(IM^ZS( S^^PXO2>2HWAC=
MERC^-#/D#(?DD'KX_.U\TKY6;5 GYE)M]>]5IW]^_/67A_>F?>V.5=5K8.'2;?5CWU]]P^C*8W4NND5SK2[P
MYM"TYZ*'G^V+T5W;JMA3I?/)L$US:9R+^J(S"W[[$1O-X5"75=B4;^?JTC,C
M;74J>NA_=ZROG;!V+C]B[ERTKV_73V5SOH*)Y_I4]]^I45T[EW[V 8,UE'L\\;8&I\6%?@P $\_?>PZDJ(*)A9V!ZQ5#8GZ`#\U E8(*X]5UT?U\2DKI5O7=^ V>==@EL(8=]>"S'G+)]9$*K'6A^3ZK]R"I")6GHB9K0Y^0]IT,"&^
M/KJ6\V!\A20NN !-$@-/B.2()(BDB&2,X)]IT4/' L%%W9*"`L
MY\(,M2SE@D4JH>E$8-7@`J:PUA_K\G77P"H&0C,3Q`'?>"W(ZBG8_423.VIX
MJTMA8E(3%'*IM3LH1AC%PM8T,,A6*A1)ST5)ZBPW !\::XT.'=$BA5<4J08LF&M&OJ]7LO=#JQ!2'0[Y,B!Q7S0LTV49TS1
M@W@-4JZES,18F`?A0 YL+XS)PE
M)9HZ"C19Z(M3HV9].I50@=O(F6V@FT`WC.9=AQN4&L[I0BA]#
M4MZZEC+?`FN0&N/'D#-.YXA+N=.]TC:5RC@6ML:S0R+0-"61^8Q+.1LZ/*ZS
M6BG=S(6=F>PCA:(:OWNSC]A0MA&&Y.RSE4D1D"L>4%R.[H49("A>W-0T7LI5A6[ED2XX.J4]1=/[7_L(J7BE2
M#,GSU%;O'T"#9)H]S32&?K3!,"EY@[&5HB06YG^PP:!.I%SQ=B `U,D_=PQ8Y0U-BB5O9S&D9*NR5P>CE%`,.7)!?[(Q*XH1
ME_*FRZ>+QX!U`O:(J2UEPTM$)\8E(/U0)[*Q$VP,U*-.S@7F]BA2KZ,QF.Q1
M']SD6=DO!9ZAZ;6#A5"(4811C%&"48I1AE$N(2D?X2L"C@6977?>SU([\I[#
MD7PU82N[;#!*#5F(4811C%&"48I1AA'YED*6(^CJ,%_9MQ%VE7VNVI H[R!O0QTZ"JHO(%//$^T/%#X
M#C[]T,U$Y38T,=>VX\.E(^[3DPOVZ:Q3#;D^7,MAA1WTE&[GJOS2AQN>&?F5
M#Q M'S^?FQX^V=&3Z!$^T59P:##)&?70-+WX`9TRAH^^C_\"``#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0#FTT8<>`(``",&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T ;]-)YR\G;+-N_?DMX63/YL26^O39R.RKK`'-
MQFOR%[#7^N"A#YG?PL/LXO2NO8#OAF20\V/E?NC3%Y!%Z?"V9YB0SRO)GN_!
M"C04::)XYIF$KC``'(F2OC+0$/[4?D\R DI*Q-$Z
MK?YTH(XJD,0="7X[DLG\6A(6`FKSN^>.;]9&GPC6#$K:AOL*'"=(_'9"F(G'
M;CTXI5C3&*O%2WC<3"?S-7M$YT2'N0L8''O,N$ UZ90_VRMY:'\I=
MV#B7B=^6F;Q'QH-3BF,?_'2RZ'F# W,\C\7S@#I?E0J6V%>.GK_C_5XP\.5;N=@>ID]2K!
MT)2A:!68`CY!55DB]-$W7(QEV._V;\$V]M?S>G^:;-LW@O4_L$%T@Y%CIVJ'W=E.2WR,`2MQ%"$XU]J]+%"8] &>TMI=5E(RQ(U.[G$Q!F--X1O&[%0`FBW?R_MNCJC
M)X_D?7EXOH]JL==-\@G.J];4B&0Y2L"(5BJSK='3>IG.4>(#-Y(WK8$:':^RPV3`PWK=,\Q*/;8LO%
M.]\"+O)\AC4$+GG@N`>F=B*B$2G%A+0?KAD`4F!H0(,)'I.,X.]N`*?]GQ>&
MY*RI53C8.-.H>\Z6XAA.[;U74['KNJPK!XWH3_#+ZOYQ7IM^5`,3Z_33<
MAU5 WJV7B!4YN4[S
M,B7%FLQI.:-7^6N%3ZWQ/IN`>A3X-_$$8(/WSS]G7P```/__`P!02P,$%``&
M``@````A`!R$&OZ5````J0```!````!X;"]C86QC0VAA:6XN>&UL/(Y!"@(Q
M$`3O@G\( G[GI%Y4)18V
ML!]&4,2^+)&?!NZWZ^X(2IKCQ:7"9.!#`K/=;K1WR5^"BZRZ@<5`:&T](8H/
ME)T,927NS:/4[%K'^D19*[E%`E'+"0_C.&'N`K#:JVK@/(&*_0.H]$NT&O\C
M]@L``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`*ZJO&LV`P``L`H``!``"`%D;V-0 &UL(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````G%9=3]LP%'V?M/]0Y1U26#5-*`UB;1%(8U2DP*-EG)O$:F('V^DHOW[7
M"4V3U62(-W_ "-M
MJ(AI+@5,O2UH[SS\^B58*EF",AST"$,(/?4R8\HSW] )-(55"#
M6Y7Z,DDX@[ED50'"^*?C\77@R(&.*CL@WH-1'/-N:S06/)+#[]L-J6"#@,
M+LHRYXP:K#*\X4Q)+1,S6KPPR`._>QD@N@A8I;C9AN/`[VZ#B-$<9A@X3&BN
M(?#W!\$54-NT)>5*A\'&G&V`&:E&FK]BVTZ]T1/58.%,O0U5G`J#L*Q9LZG7
M>:F-"A^E6NL,P.C`1X/FL%YV;;MK/@DGI[4%KOJ6-D*#!"_Z&%? YJCCMD/[QEYPQ11-3)VAW2Q$R@5HXG2YH5S@8ZXYO@,-:H.6
M5AZ85+E[]488HHD@K6ET1IY)U(TP#;>VSIF"F!MRQ_7:Z?!;&LR]I%OZE,,>
M`\2H4>,NN,,MQDTS5-02]>H,?XV?R`+(BKZ`F]:9+,H*I8G?&PMW097`EF-$
M4"A_9\P[R%'*L24>G])*4:$ILP'-#Q7V#*RV-C'X QTM9.2V^=0&-AMY-)=R9`^R,I9R+!"W*"ZM`_#&6+?
M'?M]^FTF9PG#_#4_A+>_1ZN,8?[ `9(QU1./+MW_X;9W ?X
M3=I-._W#(,KP[QSC'+"[WQ\$5SCHJ-P&:007[VP.+^QL]M`,H.')Y'C\;8QC
M5^ C9O@7``#__P,`4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-U$>0T$`@``^1H``!,`
M`````````````````````%M#;VYT96YT7U1Y&PO7W)E;',O=V]R:V)O;VLN>&UL+G)E;'-02P$"+0`4``8`"````"$`
M3>89R^X#```4#0``#P````````````````#+"@``>&PO=V]R:V)O;VLN>&UL
M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`$(/$3!,!0``BA0``!@`````````````````Y@X`
M`'AL+W=O &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`"]_B2P=!0``CA0``!D`````````````
M````J1D``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T
M &UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`-2K^YQ8)@``.=H``!D`````````````````2#,``'AL+W=O
M &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+(#
M[A6+!@``)1D``!D`````````````````*F&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`#"1W.II!0``)!8``!D`
M````````````````L7\``'AL+W=O &PO
M=V]R:W-H965T &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`"9G
M#\ZT10``6N@``!0`````````````````M9$``'AL+W-H87)E9%-T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`'QS2CRB#```:W\```T`````````````````
MF]6QE &PO=&AE;64O=&AE;64Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`
M!@`(````(0`=`1N&\@(``"@(```9`````````````````"WK``!X;"]W;W)K
M &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`(/%4':;`@``I`8`
M`!D`````````````````5NX``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`)L$&.C'!```\`\``!D`````
M````````````F`&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T M```9`````````````````(P/`0!X;"]W;W)K &UL
M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`."!LSR-)```C[T``!D`````````````````B2`!
M`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+>T_Y28`@``4P8``!@`````````````
M````9TT!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`+!_#FI@`@``104``!@`````````````````-%H!`'AL+W=O &UL4$L!
M`BT`%``&``@````A`"Y$T+>$"@``KBX``!D`````````````````,&,!`'AL
M+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`(E!E]WW(0``.ZX``!D`````````````````*GL!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`-JC000A"```_BD`
M`!D`````````````````!J@!`'AL+W=O L`$`
M>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`&H]/6I?!P``.1X``!D`````````````
M````D\&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`*ZJO&LV`P``L`H``!``````````````````
J!-4!`&1O8U!R;W!S+V%P XML 17 R33.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (Details) (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Jun. 30, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Aircraft Asset Dec. 31, 2013 Asset Aircraft Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Impairment charge $ 11,718,700 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges $ 6,800,000 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges $ 18,736,500 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges $ 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Number of aircrafts purchased 0 acy_NumberOfAircraftsPurchased Payment for equipment and acquisition costs related to aircraft purchased 74,529,000 us-gaap_PaymentsForFlightEquipment 24,965,500 us-gaap_PaymentsForFlightEquipment Gain (loss) on sale of aircraft and parts from an engine 3,147,200 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment 4,504,200 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Number of aircraft engines sold 5 acy_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftEnginesSold Gain on financial lease 73,300 acy_GainOnFinancialLease Number of assets lease term extended 9 acy_NumberOfAssetsLeaseTermExtended Number of off leased assets leased 10 acy_NumberOfOffLeasedAssetsLeased 2 acy_NumberOfOffLeasedAssetsLeased Number of entity aircraft off lease 2 acy_NumberOfAircraftsOffLease Re-lease opportunities for the off-lease aircraft (in hundredths) 10.00% acy_ReLeaseOpportunitiesForOffLeaseAircraftSpecifiedAsPercentageOfNetBookValue Proceeds from the sale of airframe parts 312,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment 945,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment Held-for-sale [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Proceeds from the sale of airframe parts 312,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleMember 945,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleMember Bombardier Dash-8-300 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 8 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashOneMember 9 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashOneMember Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 17.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashOneMember 23.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashOneMember Bombardier CRJ-700 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 3 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCrj700Member 0 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCrj700Member Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 16.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCrj700Member 0.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCrj700Member Bombardier CRJ-900 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 2 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCRJ900Member 0 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCRJ900Member Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 16.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCRJ900Member 0.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCRJ900Member Bombardier Dash-8-Q400 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 3 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashTwoMember 3 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashTwoMember Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 13.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashTwoMember 17.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashTwoMember ATR 42 600 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 1 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_ATR42600Member 0 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_ATR42600Member Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 9.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_ATR42600Member 0.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_ATR42600Member Bombardier CRJ-705 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 1 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCrj705Member 1 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCrj705Member Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 9.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCrj705Member 12.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierCrj705Member Saab 340B Plus [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 6 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BPlusMember 6 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BPlusMember Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 7.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BPlusMember 8.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BPlusMember Number of entity aircraft off lease 4 acy_NumberOfAircraftsOffLease / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BPlusMember Fokker 50 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 6 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member 10 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 5.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member 10.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Impairment charge 333,400 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Number of aircraft on impairment recorded 1 acy_NumberOfAircraftOnImpairmentRecorded / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Number of aircraft held for sale 1 acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member 1 acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Number of aircraft sold 3 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member 3 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Fokker 50 [Member] | Held-for-Leases [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Impairment charge 217,800 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember Number of aircraft on impairment recorded 2 acy_NumberOfAircraftOnImpairmentRecorded / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember General Electric CF34-8E5 engine [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 2 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricOneMember 3 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricOneMember Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 4.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricOneMember 6.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricOneMember Number of aircraft engines sold 1 acy_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftEnginesSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricOneMember Fokker 100 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 2 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member 7 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 3.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member 19.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Impairment charge 15,278,900 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Number of aircraft on impairment recorded 5 acy_NumberOfAircraftOnImpairmentRecorded / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Number of aircraft held for sale 5 acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Fokker 100 [Member] | Held-for-Leases [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Impairment charge 2,906,400 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember Number of aircraft on impairment recorded 2 acy_NumberOfAircraftOnImpairmentRecorded / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldUnderCapitalLeasesMember Saab 340B [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 1 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BMember 4 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BMember Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) (1.00%) acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BMember 4.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BMember Number of aircraft held for sale 2 acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BMember Number of aircraft sold 5 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BMember Number of entity aircraft off lease 1 acy_NumberOfAircraftsOffLease / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BMember Tay 650-15 engine [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 1 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Tay6515EngineMember 1 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Tay6515EngineMember Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 0.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Tay6515EngineMember 1.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Tay6515EngineMember Gain (loss) on sale of aircraft and parts from an engine $ (769,300) us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Tay6515EngineMember Number of aircraft engines sold 1 acy_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftEnginesSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Tay6515EngineMember General Electric CT7-9B engine [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 2 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember 2 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 0.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember 0.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember Number of aircraft or engines subject to lease 2 acy_NumberOfAircraftOrEnginesSubjectToLease / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember Number of aircraft engines sold 1 acy_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftEnginesSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember Saab 340 A [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number owned 0 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340Member 1 acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340Member Percentage of net book value (in hundredths) 0.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340Member 0.00% acy_PercentOfNetBookValue / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340Member Number of aircraft or engines subject to lease 1 acy_NumberOfAircraftOrEnginesSubjectToLease / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340Member Bombardier Dash-8-300 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number of aircraft sold 1 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_BombardierDashFourMember deHavilland DHC-6 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number of aircraft sold 1 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_DehavillandDhcTwoMember deHavilland DHC-8-100 [Member] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease or sale [Abstract] Number of aircraft sold 1 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftSold / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_DehavillandDhcOneMember X - Details Name: acy_AircraftAndAircraftEnginesHeldForLeaseAbstract Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of minimum lease payments to be received by the lessor for capital leases. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_GainOnFinancialLease Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of aircraft considered as assets held for sale. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of aircraft in impairment recorded during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfAircraftOnImpairmentRecorded Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Refers to number of aircraft or engines subject to lease. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfAircraftOrEnginesSubjectToLease Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The total number of aircrafts off lease. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfAircraftsOffLease Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Refers to the number of aircrafts or engines purchased during the year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfAircraftsPurchased Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Refers to the number of assets whose lease was extended during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfAssetsLeaseTermExtended Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Refers to the number of assets leased which were previously off-leased. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfOffLeasedAssetsLeased Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of aircraft owned and available for lease as of the date of the latest balance sheet. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfUnitsOwned Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Percentage of net book value of all planes combined. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_PercentOfNetBookValue Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of aircraft engines sold by the entity during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftEnginesSold Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This line item represents the re-lease opportunities for the off lease aircraft specified as percentage of net book value of the entity's aircraft. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_ReLeaseOpportunitiesForOffLeaseAircraftSpecifiedAsPercentageOfNetBookValue Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes, but is not limited to, losses from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for acquisition of long-lived depreciable flight assets, including owned aircraft or capital improvements. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsForFlightEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of aircraft sold by the entity during the period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNumberOfAircraftSold Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_ATR42600Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_BombardierCrj700Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_BombardierCrj705Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_BombardierCRJ900Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_BombardierDashFourMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_BombardierDashOneMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_BombardierDashTwoMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_DehavillandDhcOneMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_DehavillandDhcTwoMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Fokker100Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Fokker50Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_GeneralElectricCt79BEngineMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_GeneralElectricOneMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Saab340BMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Saab340BPlusMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Saab340Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Tay6515EngineMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis=us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 18 report.css IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute;
} ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold;
} ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497;
} ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px;
} ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em;
} /* Report Styles */
..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none;
} /* table */
..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em;
} ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf;
} /* Top labels */
..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center;
} ..report th.void	{ background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left;
} ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; word-wrap: break-word;
} ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden;
} ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px;
} ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc;
} /* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold;
} /* Calendars... */
..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0;
} /* Even rows... */
..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def;
} ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} /* Odd rows... */
..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white;
} ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black;
} /* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn { white-space: nowrap;
} /* styles for numeric types */
..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap;
} ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em;
} ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
} /* styles for text types */
..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal;
} ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em;
} ..report .text .more { display: none;
} ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold;
} ..report .text .small { width: 10em;
} ..report sup { font-style: italic;
} ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em;
} XML 19 R25.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Operating Segments (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Operating Segments [Abstract] Geographic information of operating lease revenue The tables below set forth geographic information about the Company’s operating lease revenue for leased aircraft and aircraft equipment, grouped by domicile of the lessee: For the Years Ended December 31, Operating Lease Revenue 2014 2013 North America $ 6,423,700 $ 1,542,000 Africa 5,183,600 5,454,700 Central and South America 3,533,300 4,233,000 Asia 3,460,400 4,149,000 Europe and United Kingdom 2,952,300 3,415,500 Australia 360,000 - $ 21,913,300 $ 18,794,200 Net book value of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease December 31, Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 2014 2013 North America $ 65,423,400 $ 17,779,000 Europe and United Kingdom 43,468,700 20,384,700 Africa 28,858,200 29,951,800 Off lease 17,106,000 34,446,300 Asia 16,588,900 31,068,800 Central and South America 10,146,100 19,324,000 Australia 5,171,300 - $ 186,762,600 $ 152,954,600 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the names of foreign countries in which material long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets are located, and amount of such long-lived assets located in that country or foreign geographic area. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInIndividualForeignCountriesByCountryTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments, customer relationships with financial institutions, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material. An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 20 R42.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Subsequent Events (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended 0 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Mar. 31, 2015 Subsequent Event [Line Items] Gain on sale of asset $ 3,147,200 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment $ 4,504,200 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Subsequent Event [Member] | Fokker 50 [Member] Subsequent Event [Line Items] Gain on sale of asset $ 475,000 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member / us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis = us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 21 R37.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholder Rights Plan (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2009 Class of Stock [Line Items] Number of stock purchase right for each share as dividends under plan (in shares) 1 us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsShares Percentage of stock acquisition for exercise of rights as specified in right agreement (in hundredths) 15.00% acy_PercentageOfStockAcquisitionForExerciseOfRightsSpecifiedInRightAgreement Share purchase under right agreement description Each right allows the holder, other than an “acquiring person,” to purchase one one-hundredth of a share (a unit) of Series A Preferred Stock at an initial purchase price of $97.00 under circumstances described in the rights agreement. Expiration date of rights Dec. 01, 2019 Series A Preferred Stock [Member] Class of Stock [Line Items] Initial purchase price of unit under right agreement (in dollars per share) 97.00 acy_InitialPurchasePriceOfStockUnderRightAgreement / us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis = us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember X - Definition Represents expiration date of rights granted under stockholder rights plan. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_ExpirationDateOfRights Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Initial purchase price of one one-hundredth of a share (a unit) under right agreement. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_InitialPurchasePriceOfStockUnderRightAgreement Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Percentage of outstanding common stock acquisition by a person or group as certain event for exercise of rights specified in right agreement. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_PercentageOfStockAcquisitionForExerciseOfRightsSpecifiedInRightAgreement Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Description of share purchase by holders under right agreement. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_SharePurchaseUnderRightAgreementDescription Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares of common stock issued as dividends during the period. Excludes stock splits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsShares Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 22 R9.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 1.Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (a)The Company and Basis of Presentation AeroCentury Corp. ("the Company'), a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1997, typically acquires used regional aircraft and engines for lease to foreign and domestic regional carriers. As discussed in Note 2, during the first quarter of 2014, the Company changed its method of accounting for non-refundable maintenance reserves and certain lessor maintenance obligations. The Company has applied this change in accounting principle retrospectively to all periods presented in accordance with ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (“ASC 250”). (b)Use of Estimates The Company’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable for making judgments that are not readily apparent from other sources. The most significant estimates with regard to these financial statements are the residual values and useful lives of the assets, the amount and timing of cash flows associated with each asset that are used to evaluate whether assets are impaired, accrued maintenance costs, accounting for income taxes, and the amounts recorded as allowances for doubtful accounts. (c)Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers highly liquid investments readily convertible into known amounts of cash, with original maturities of 90 days or less from the date of acquisition, as cash equivalents. (d)Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation The Company’s interests in aircraft and aircraft engines are recorded at cost, which includes acquisition costs. Since inception, the Company has typically purchased only used aircraft and aircraft engines. It is the Company’s policy to hold aircraft for approximately twelve years unless market conditions dictate otherwise. Therefore, depreciation of aircraft is initially computed using the straight-line method over the anticipated holding period, usually twelve years, to an estimated residual value based on appraisal. For an aircraft engine held for lease as a spare, the Company estimates the length of time that it will hold the aircraft engine based upon estimated usage, repair costs and other factors, and depreciates it to the appraised residual value over such period using the straight-line method. The Company periodically reviews plans for lease or sale of its aircraft and aircraft engines and changes, as appropriate, the remaining expected holding period for such assets. Estimated residual values are reviewed and adjusted periodically, based upon updated estimates obtained from an independent appraiser. Decreases in the fair value of aircraft could affect not only the current value, discussed below, but also the estimated residual value. Assets that are held for sale are not subject to depreciation and are separately classified on the balance sheet. Such assets are carried at the lower of their carrying value or estimated fair values, less costs to sell. (e)Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent possible. The fair value hierarchy under GAAP is based on three levels of inputs. Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The carrying amount of the Company's money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents was $1,044,300 and $1,842,000 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. The fair value of the Company's money market funds would be categorized as Level 1 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, there were no liabilities that were required to be measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis The Company determines fair value of long-lived assets held and used, such as aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease and held for sale, by reference to independent appraisals, quoted market prices (e.g., offers to purchase) and other factors. An impairment charge is recorded when the Company believes that the carrying value of an asset will not be recovered through future net cash flows and that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. During 2014, based on appraised values, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $3,124,200 for two Fokker 100 aircraft and two Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for lease, resulting in a carrying value of $7,837,300. The fair value of such assets would be categorized as Level 2 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease in 2013. During 2014, based on management's estimate of realizable value, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $15,612,300 for five Fokker 100 aircraft and one Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for sale, resulting in a carrying value of $6,100,000. The fair value of such assets would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for sale in 2013. Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments The Company’s financial instruments, other than cash and cash equivalents, consist principally of finance leases receivable and amounts borrowed under its credit facility (the “Credit Facility,” as defined in Note 7). The fair value of accounts receivable, finance leases receivable, accounts payable and the Company’s maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs approximates the carrying value of these financial instruments. Borrowings under the Company’s Credit Facility bear floating rates of interest that reset periodically to a market benchmark rate plus a credit margin. The Company believes the effective interest rate of this debt agreement approximates current market rates for such indebtedness at the balance sheet date, and therefore that the carrying amount of its floating rate debt at the balance sheet dates approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Company’s outstanding balance of its Credit Facility would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. (f)Impairment of Long-lived Assets The Company reviews assets for impairment when there has been an event or a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. In addition, the Company routinely reviews all long-lived assets for impairment annually. Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the future estimated undiscounted cash flows (without interest charges) that the asset is expected to generate. Estimates are based on currently available market data and independent appraisals and are subject to fluctuation from time to time. If these estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset at the time of evaluation, any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined by reference to independent appraisals and other factors considered relevant by management. Significant management judgment is required in the forecasting of future operating results that are used in the preparation of estimated future undiscounted cash flows and, if different conditions prevail in the future, material write-downs may occur. As discussed in (e) Fair Value Measurements above, the Company recorded impairment provisions totaling $18,736,500 in 2014. No impairment provisions were recorded in 2013. (g)Deferred Financing Costs and Commitment Fees Costs incurred in connection with debt financing are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt using the effective interest method or, in certain instances where the differences are not material, using the straight-line method. Costs incurred in connection with the Company’s Credit Facility are deferred and amortized using the straight-line method. Commitment fees for unused funds are expensed as incurred. (h)Security deposits The Company’s leases are typically structured so that if any event of default occurs under a lease, the Company may apply all or a portion of the lessee’s security deposit to cure such default. If such application of the security deposit is made, the lessee typically is required to replenish and maintain the full amount of the deposit during the remaining term of the lease. All of the security deposits received by the Company are refundable to the lessee at the end of the lease upon satisfaction of all lease terms. (i)Taxes As part of the process of preparing the Company’s financial statements, management estimates income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. This process involves estimating the Company’s current tax exposure under the most recent tax laws and assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and GAAP purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the balance sheet. Management also assesses the likelihood that the Company’s deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent management believes it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, the Company establishes a valuation allowance. To the extent the Company establishes a valuation allowance or changes the allowance in a period, the Company reflects the corresponding increase or decrease within the tax provision in the statement of operations. Significant management judgment is required in determining the Company’s future taxable income for purposes of assessing the Company’s ability to realize any benefit from its deferred taxes. The Company accrues non-income based sales, use, value added and franchise taxes as other tax expense in the statements of operations. (j)Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Revenue from leasing of aircraft assets is recognized as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the terms of the applicable lease agreements. Deferred payments are recorded as accrued rent when the cash rent received is lower than the straight-line revenue recognized. Such receivables decrease over the term of the applicable leases. Interest income is recognized on finance leases based on the interest rate implicit in the lease and the outstanding balance of the lease receivable. Maintenance reserves retained by the Company at lease-end are recognized as maintenance reserves revenue. In instances where collectability is not reasonably assured, the Company recognizes revenue as cash payments are received. The Company estimates and charges to income a provision for bad debts based on its experience with each specific customer, the amount and length of payment arrearages, and its analysis of the lessee’s overall financial condition. If the financial condition of any of the Company’s customers deteriorates, it could result in actual losses exceeding any estimated allowances. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2014 and 2013. (k)Comprehensive (Loss)/Income The Company does not have any comprehensive income other than the revenue and expense items included in the statements of operations. As a result, comprehensive (loss)/income equals net (loss)/income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. (l)Finance Leases The lease for one of the Company’s aircraft contained a lessee purchase option at a price substantially below the asset's estimated residual value at the exercise date for the option. Consequently, the Company considered the purchase option to be a “bargain purchase option” and classified the lease as a finance lease for financial accounting purposes. The Company does not include the value, purchase price or accumulated depreciation of finance lease assets on its balance sheet. Instead, the discounted present value of (i) future minimum lease payments (including the bargain purchase option) and (ii) any residual value not subject to a bargain purchase option are reported as a finance lease receivable. Rental revenue and depreciation expense are not recognized on finance leases. Rather, the Company accrues interest on the balance of the finance lease receivable based on the interest rate inherent in the applicable lease. The aircraft that was subject to a finance lease was sold to the lessee during 2014. Two engines that were previously subject to finance leases were returned to the Company during 2014 and the finance lease receivable balances were reclassified to aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease on the Company’s balance sheet. The Company recognized interest earned on finance leases as “other income” in the amount of $150,000 and $175,700 in 2014 and 2013, respectively. (m)Recent Accounting Pronouncements On May 28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (the "ASU") that created the new Topic 606 in the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC"). The ASU also included numerous conforming additions and amendments to other Topics within the ASC. Topic 606 establishes new rules that affect the amount and timing of revenue recognition for contracts with customers, but does not affect lease accounting and reporting. As such, adoption of these provisions will not affect the Company's lease revenues but may affect the reporting of other of the Company's revenues. The provisions included in the ASU are effective for years commencing after December 15, 2016, cannot be adopted early, and may be reflected using either a full retrospective method or a simplified method that does not recast prior periods but does disclose the effect of the adoption on the current period financial statements. The Company has not determined either the potential impact on its financial statements nor the method it will elect to use in connection with the adoption of the changes included in the ASU. On August 27, 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern," which added Subtopic 205-40 to the ASC (the "Subtopic"). This Subtopic requires management to determine whether substantial doubt exists concerning the reporting entity's ability to continue as a going concern, in which case certain disclosures will be required. The Subtopic affects financial statement presentation but not methods of accounting, and is effective on a prospective basis for annual periods ending after December 2016 and each reporting period thereafter, although early adoption is permitted. The Company has not early adopted the Subtopic. X - Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include, descriptions of the basis of presentation, business description, significant accounting policies, consolidations, reclassifications, new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationBasisOfPresentationBusinessDescriptionAndAccountingPoliciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration EXCEL 23 Financial_Report.xls IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E
M,C@Y-#AB8F8B#0H-"E1H:7,@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7,@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7
M96(@4&%G92P@86QS;R!K;F]W;B!A '!L;W)E &UL;G,Z=CTS1")U &UL;G,Z;STS1")U &UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX
M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T 5]);F9O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O F%T
M:6]N7V%N9%]3=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H
M965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5S7U!A>6%B;&5?
M86YD7T%C8W)U961?26YT93PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T;V-K:&]L9&5R7U)I9VAT #I%>&-E;%=O &5S/"]X.DYA
M;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O 5]4 #I7;W)K #I.
M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O
M F%T:6]N7V%N9%]3=6UM87)Y7V]F7U-I,3PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/D-H86YG95]I;E]!8V-O=6YT:6YG
M7U!R:6YC:7!L93$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.
M86UE/D-O;F-E;G1R871I;VY?;V9?0W)E9&ET7U)I #I.86UE/@T*
M("`@(#QX.E=O #I%
M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DYO=&5S7U!A>6%B;&5?86YD
M7T%C8W)U961?26YT93$\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE
M/E)E;&%T961?4&%R='E?5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS7U1A8CPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;E]A;F1?4W5M
M;6%R>5]O9E]3:3(\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D]P97)A=&EN9U]396=M96YT #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.
M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/DEN8V]M95]487AE #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E)E;&%T961?4&%R='E?5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS7T1E=#PO>#I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E=A #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I!8W1I=F53:&5E=#XP/"]X.D%C=&EV95-H965T/@T*
M("`\>#I0 #I%>&-E;%=O 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 2!)
M;F9O 2!296=I 2!#96YT 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S '0^,#`P,3`S-C@T.#QS'0^+2TQ,BTS
M,3QS2!&
M:6QE '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S2!&:6QE 3PO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^4VUA;&QE 3QS'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ,"U+/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^9F%L '0^1&5C(#,Q
M+`T*"0DR,#$T/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT
M4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O
M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A
M7V%C,F9?-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E 3H\+W-T F5D+"`Q+#8P-BPU-33PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A
M8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H
M965T '0O:F%V
M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3H\+W-T
M F5D("AI
M;B!S:&%R97,I/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M2!S=&]C:R`H:6X@ 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E
M7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I
M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A7V%C,F9?-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F
M+U=O '0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0]
M,T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2`D,2PR,#`L,#`P(&]F(&9E97,@=V%I=F5D(&)Y($I-0R!I
M;B`R,#$T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'!E;G-E
M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 2!*34,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@8VQA 3X-"CPO
M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?
M86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A7V%C,F9?-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X
M="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2`H55-$("0I/&)R/CPO 2!;4F]L;"!&
M;W)W87)D73PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!;4F]L;"!&;W)W87)D73PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970]
M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T
M'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U+#DU
M,BPV,#`I/'-P86X^/"]S2!O'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U
M95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I
M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A7V%C,F9?-3(Q93(X
M.30X8F)F+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O
M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &5S('!A:60\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B
M9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E
M7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA F%T:6]N(&%N9"!3=6UM87)Y(&]F(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I;FF%T:6]N(&%N9"!3=6UM87)Y(&]F(%-I9VYI
M9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I;F'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/&1I=B!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!O
M9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#LG/CQB
M 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[
M('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO
M8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z
M(#$P3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!W
M:71H($=!05`@ 2!A3H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P&5S+"!A;F0@=&AE(&%M;W5N=',@ 3H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU F%T:6]N(&%N9"!$97!R96-I871I;VX\+V1I=CX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU
M 7!I8V%L;'D@28C.#(Q-SMS('!O;&EC>2!T;R!H;VQD(&%I 2!T
M=V5L=F4@>65A 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA '!E8W1E9"!H
M;VQD:6YG('!E 2P@8F%S960@=7!O;B!U3H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!C;&%S 6EN9R!V86QU92!O 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M &ET('!R:6-E*2!I;B!T:&4@
M2!I;B!A;B!O '1E;G0@2!U;F1E 3H@
M8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO
M8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!L:71T;&4@;W(@;F\@;6%R:V5T(&%C
M=&EV:71Y(&%N9"!T:&%T(&%R92!S:6=N:69I8V%N="!T;R!T:&4@9F%I 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 2=S(&UO;F5Y(&UA
M 2=S(&UO;F5Y(&UA 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES
M3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CH@=6YD97)L:6YE.R3H@8FQO8VL[
M('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES
M3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!B96QI979E 6EN9R!V86QU92!O9B!A;B!A 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P2XF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M.;R!I;7!A:7)M96YT 6QE/3-$
M)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 28C,38P.W)E8V]R9&5D(&EM6EN
M9R8C,38P.W9A;'5E(&]F("0V+#$P,"PP,#`N(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F
M('-U8V@@87-S971S('=O=6QD(&)E(&-A=&5G;W)I>F5D(&%S)B,Q-C`[3&5V
M96P@,R!U;F1E 2XF(S$V
M,#LF(S$V,#M.;R!I;7!A:7)M96YT 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T
M>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CH@=6YD97)L:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V1I
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2PF
M(S@R,C$[(&%S(&1E9FEN960@:6X@3F]T92`W*2XF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M4:&4@
M9F%I 28C.#(Q-SMS(&UA:6YT96YA;F-E(')E &EM871E 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 28C.#(Q-SMS($-R961I="!&86-I;&ET>2!B96%R
M(&9L;V%T:6YG(')A=&5S(&]F(&EN=&5R97-T('1H870@ &EM871E 6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@:71S(&9L
M;V%T:6YG(')A=&4@9&5B="!A="!T:&4@8F%L86YC92!S:&5E="!D871E 2X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P3L@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@8FQO
M8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!O9B!A;B!A 2!C;VUP87)I 6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@=&\@
M=&AE(&9U='5R92!E 2!T:&4@86UO=6YT(&)Y('=H:6-H('1H92!C87)R
M>6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@=&AE(&%S 2!R969E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 28C.#(Q-SMS
M($-R961I="!&86-I;&ET>2!A 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!D97!O 3H@8FQO
M8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!S=')U8W1U 2!A2!A;&P@;W(@82!P;W)T:6]N(&]F('1H92!L97-S964F(S@R,32!D97!O 7!I8V%L;'D@:7,@ 2!D97!O 2!T:&4@0V]M2!A 6QE/3-$)V1I
M F4Z(#$P3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU "!L87=S(&%N9"!A "!A;F0@1T%!4"!P=7)P;W-E 28C.#(Q-SMS
M(&1E9F5R "!A '1E;G0@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97-T86)L:7-H97,@82!V86QU871I;VX@
M86QL;W=A;F-E(&]R(&-H86YG97,@=&AE(&%L;&]W86YC92!I;B!A('!E 28C.#(Q-SMS(&9U='5R92!T87AA8FQE(&EN8V]M92!F;W(@
M2!T;R!R96%L:7IE(&%N>2!B96YE9FET(&9R;VT@:71S(&1E9F5R &5S+CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E
M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT
M+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F5D(&%S(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S92!R979E;G5E(&]N(&$@
M 3H@8FQO
M8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6UE;G1S(&%R92!R96-E:79E9"XF(S$V
M,#LF(S$V,#M4:&4@0V]M2!E 2!E 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@
M8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!B96QO=R!T:&4@87-S
M970G 2!C;VYS:61E 2!R
M97-I9'5A;"!V86QU92!N;W0@ F5D(&]N(&9I;F%N8V4@
M;&5A 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2`R."P@,C`Q
M-"P@=&AE($9I;F%N8VEA;"!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%-T86YD87)D 2!A9F9E8W0@=&AE(')E2=S(')E=F5N=65S+B8C,38P.R8C,38P.U1H92!P 65A 2!H87,@;F]T(&1E=&5R;6EN960@96ET:&5R('1H
M92!P;W1E;G1I86P@:6UP86-T(&]N(&ET 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P&ES=',@8V]N8V5R
M;FEN9R!T:&4@ 2=S(&%B:6QI='D@=&\@8V]N=&EN
M=64@87,@82!G;VEN9R!C;VYC97)N+"!I;B!W:&EC:"!C87-E(&-E 2!H87,@
M;F]T(&5A 7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!P '!E;G-I;F2!&05-"(%-T869F
M(%!O 2!E=F%L=6%T960@:71S(&UE=&AO9"!O
M9B!A8V-O=6YT:6YG(&9O 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!W:61T:#H@,3`P)3LG/CQT 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U-'!T.RF4Z(#$P3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.RF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6UE;G0@86=A:6YS="!P 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3LG/BAI:6DI(%)E9FQE8W0@87,@;&EA8FEL
M:71I97,@;F]N+7)E9G5N9&%B;&4@ F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU
M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[)SX\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3LG/BAV*28C,38P.R!296-O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6EN9R!B=7-I;F5S 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R28C.#(Q-SMS('-O=7)C97,@;V8@:6YC;VUE+"!I
M=',@;F]N+7)E9G5N9&%B;&4@ 2!A 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P28C.#(Q-SMS(&)A;&%N8V4@ 6QE/3-$)V1I 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!W:61T:#H@,3`P)3LG/CQT 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.R`\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD
M96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXH.2PY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-3(L.34T+#8P,#PO=&0^/'1D
M(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-C0L-C,T+#,P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU-CDL-3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXW-RPU
M,C F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ."PR.#,L.3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@
M;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU+#`R.2PX,#`\+W1D
M/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO
M8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXV-#8L-S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
M'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-BPP
M.3DL-S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXQ-"PU-S,L.#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R#L@=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXQ,30L.38X+#$P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#8P
M,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-"PW.#`L,3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@
M;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI
M/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z
M(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-C0L-C,T+#,P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU-CDL-3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T 3H@8FQO
M8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R
M(')O=W-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X],T0R
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X],T0R('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF
M(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`]
M,T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO
M8VL[(&UA 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-C0E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXS,BPQ.3DL-3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXS."PR,S$L-C`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXV+#`S,BPQ,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E
M969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4S,BPQ,#`\+W1D
M/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4S,BPQ
M,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I
M;F 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXY
M,"PR,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z
M(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
M-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ #L@=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI
M9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXR+#8T,"PX,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P"!D
M;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`TF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXX+#,T,RPY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR
M+C`S/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU+C(V
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D
M;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXS+C(S/"]T
M9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L
M;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-C0E.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO
M8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG
M/B8C,38P.R`\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ '0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH
M,RPX,#@L,C`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU,"PV,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXT+#,R,2PS,#`\+W1D
M/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT
M9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T
M F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR-#8L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR-#8L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@
M;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR+#`P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[
M)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXH-S 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS
M97,\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXQ-BPY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXH,S@L-#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXH-RPX-#0L-C`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/BD\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P2!D97!O 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH-3(U+#(P,#PO=&0^
M/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXH,3`U+# 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.R3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ #L@=VED
M=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI
M9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI
M9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@.7!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT
M.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,C0L.38U+#4P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO
M=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ #L@=VED=&@Z(#8T
M)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXQ.2PP,#`L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ.2PP,#`L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6UE;G1S(&]F($-R961I="!&86-I
M;&ET>3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXH.2PS,#`L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#EP
M=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,BPP-34L,#`P
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT
M9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU,34L.3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU,34L.3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$
M)W!A9&1I;F 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4Y-BPX,#`\+W1D
M/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`TF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 3H@
M8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0V
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.RF4Z(#$P3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG/CQD
M:78@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG/CQD
M:78@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXE/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXY/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXE/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.R3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-3(E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXS/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B4\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-3(E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXY/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXY/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ
M,CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXE/"]T9#X\
M+W1R/CQT 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U,B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXT/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXV/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B4\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,B4[
M)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET
M93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W
M:61T:#H@-3(E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&UA 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXE/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9&EV
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU 2!R96-O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!R
M96-O 2`V-3`M,34@96YG:6YE
M+"!W:&EC:"!W87,@ 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!E>'1E;F1E9"!T
M:&4@;&5A 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2`R,#$T+"!S:7@@4V%A8B`S-#!"(%!L=7,@86ER8W)A
M9G0@86YD('1W;R!'96YE 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P3L@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E
M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6EN9R!V86QU
M92X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!R96-O 2=S(&)A;&%N8V4@ 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI
M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU
M 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU 28C
M.#(Q-SMS(&QE87-E 6UE;G0@;V8@;6%I;G1E;F%N8V4@
M 2!T:&4@0V]M2!T
M;W=A 2!R971U 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E
M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!R97-E 2!T:&4@0V]M
M2!A="!L96%S92!E;F0@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S(')E=F5N=64@870@
M=&AA="!T:6UE+CPO9&EV/CQD:78@ 3H@8FQO8VL[
M('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES
M3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA '!E;G-E9"!A '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T
M,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB
M8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-
M"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+69A;6EL>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 28C.#(Q-SMS
M(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S92!R979E;G5E(&9O 2!D;VUI8VEL92!O
M9B!T:&4@;&5S 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.B!B;VQD
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#LG/CQB
M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@
M-S8E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXV+#0R,RPW,#`\
M+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE
M9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z
M(# F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V1I 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E
M;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF
M(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXQ-RPW-SDL,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT
M.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXS-"PT-#8L,S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-BPU.#@L.3`P/"]T
M9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(# F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!T
M;R!C;VYC96YT 2!O;F4@3H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P65A 2!H860@9F]U 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!H860@ 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CH@
M=6YD97)L:6YE.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@,3`E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`X."4[)SXF(S$V
M,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q,"4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR,BPY,S@L
M-S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X."4[)SX\9&EV
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X."4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T
M:#H@.#@E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ,C8L,S4R+#(P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\ '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A
M8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H
M965T '0O:F%V
M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL
M>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6%B;&4@86YD($%C8W)U960@26YT97)E 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU
M 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L
M;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V)O
M "!S;VQI9#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQD
M:78@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&UA 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT
M.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E
M969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)W!A9&1I;F 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@-S8E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B
M;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ,S,L-3DP+#8P
M,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E
M>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I
M=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!A9W)E96UE;G0@870@1&5C96UB97(@
M,S$L(#(P,3,N)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#LG/CQB 3H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P'1E;F1E9"!T:')O
M=6=H($UA>2`S,2P@,C`Q.2X@/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#LG/CQB 3H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P2!W87,@;W5T(&]F(&-O;7!L:6%N
M8V4@=VET:"!A('!R;V9I=&%B:6QI='D@8V]V96YA;G0@870@2G5N92`S,"P@
M,C`Q-"P@2!C;W9E;F%N
M="P@=VAI8V@@8W5R960@=&AE($IU;F4@,S`L(#(P,30@;F]N+6-O;7!L:6%N
M8V4N/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@=&5X="UI
M;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#LG/CQB 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!W87,@;W5T(&]F(&-O;7!L:6%N8V4@=VET:"!T:&4@2P@:6YT97)E 2P@
M=VAI8V@@8W5R960@=&AE(%-E'!A;F1E9"!F 3H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P2X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\ '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R
M,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P
M9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+69A;6EL>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P28C.#(Q-SMS($)O87)D(&]F($1I 2!U'!I '1087)T7S4V
M,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,
M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U
M,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA &5S/&)R/CPO
M '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@
M)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$
M)V1I 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!W:61T
M:#H@-C`E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SXF(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@,3`E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-S8E.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO
M8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,3`E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,3`E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T
M9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I
M;F 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M:6YD96YT.B`P"!P F4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P"!S
M;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXW+#DP,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-S8E.RF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA "`H8F5N969I="DOF4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA
M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH-2PX-30L
M-#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-S8E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#$P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M F4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P"!S
M;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX]
M,T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA "`H8F5N
M969I="DO3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D
M;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXT+#,R.2PR
M,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!A6EN9R!T:&4@ "!R871E('1O('!R971A>"!E87)N:6YG 6QE/3-$)V1I 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!W:61T:#H@,3`P)3LG/CQT
M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA "`H8F5N969I="DO2!F961E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-S8E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA "`H8F5N969I="DO3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH.3 F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXY+#,P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T
M9#X\+W1R/CQT #L@
M=VED=&@Z(# 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B
M;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`T3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H
M="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\
M+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 2!D:69F97)E;F-E "!A
M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES
M3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!W:61T:#H@,3`P)3LG/CQT 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI
M9#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M/CQD:78@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@
M86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@
M-S8E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ
M+#@Q,RPY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M:6YD96YT.B`P"!C 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-S8E
M.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXS
M+#$Q,"PX,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXS+#8Q-2PW,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA
M "!L:6%B:6QI
M=&EE 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6UE;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH-C0Y+#4P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO
M=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT #L@=VED=&@Z(# 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z
M(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI
M9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,30L-3 F4Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6]V97)S('=E
M "!C "!E>'!E;G-E(&EN(&5X8V5S '!I 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU "!P96YA;'1I97,@87,@=&%X(&5X3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P65A 2!S=&%T=71E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L
M('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@8FQO8VL[
M('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES
M3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&UA 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[
M('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,3$L,CDT+#`P,#PO
M=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T
M:#H@-S8E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE
M/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`TF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH-RXS,CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R#L@=VED=&@Z
M(# 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B
M;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH-RXS,CPO=&0^
M/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!S=&]C:R!M971H;V0N)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[
M1F]R('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+"`R,#$T+"!W87)R86YT
M 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT
M4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O
M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A
M7V%C,F9?-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!4 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P28C.#(Q-SMS('!O 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!M86YA9V5M96YT(&9E92!B87-E9"!O;B!T:&4@;F5T(&%S &EM871E;'D@)#$L,C`P+#`P,"P@=V%S('=A
M:79E9"!B>2!*34,@9F]R('1H92!F;W5R=&@@<75A 2XF(S$V,#LF
M(S$V,#M!8W%U:7-I=&EO;B!F965S(&%R92!I;F-L=61E9"!I;B!T:&4@8V]S
M="!B87-I 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT
M.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 2`D,2PR,#`L,#`P(#PO
M9&EV/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!*34,@:6X@,C`Q-#PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXT+#,V.2PS,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXR+#$P,"PP,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXW.3DL,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXV-"PP,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU.#DL,S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P2!E>&5R
M8VES86)L92`H86YD(&5X3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U
M-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O;G1E;G0M
M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A7V%C,F9?
M-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!F;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#H@8F]L9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N
M="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S("A0;VQI8VEE F%T
M:6]N(&%N9"!3=6UM87)Y(&]F(%-I9VYI9FEC86YT($%C8V]U;G1I;F'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!A;F0@0F%S:7,@;V8@4')E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L
M('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P2!#;W)P+B`H(G1H92!#;VUP86YY)RDL
M(&$@1&5L87=A 2!A8W%U:7)E 6QE/3-$)V1I '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!C:&%N9V5D
M(&ET 2!T;R!A;&P@6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P28C.#(Q
M-SMS(&9I;F%N8VEA;"!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!P 2!A8V-E2!B87-E 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA
M 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P28C
M.#(Q-SMS(&EN=&5R97-T 2!H87,@='EP:6-A;&QY('!U 2!C;VUP=71E9"!U 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!R979I97=S('!L86YS(&9O 2!T:&4@8W5R 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA '0^
M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2`H86X@97AI="!P 2!T F4@=&AE('5S92!O9B!O8G-E F4@=&AE('5S92!O9B!U;F]B 6QE/3-$)V1I '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!O 2!O8G-E 3H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!A;F0@=&AA="!A 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P'0M9&5C;W)A=&EO
M;CH@=6YD97)L:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6EN9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDG 2!M
M87)K970@9G5N9',@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@8V%S:"!A;F0@8V%S:"!E<75I=F%L
M96YT 2!M87)K970@
M9G5N9',@=V]U;&0@8F4@8V%T96=O 2X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@8FQO
M8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2!R969E 6EN9R!V86QU92!E>&-E961S(&ET 3H@
M8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F5D(&%S($QE=F5L(#(@=6YD97(@=&AE($=!05`@9F%I 2=S(&%I 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2=S(&%I 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P28C.#(Q-SMS(&9I;F%N
M8VEA;"!I;G-T 2`H=&AE("8C.#(R,#M# 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU
M 2!T;R!A(&UA 2!B96QI979E F5D(&%S($QE=F5L(#,@=6YD97(@=&AE($=!05`@9F%I 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM
M97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P2!R979I97=S(&%S 6EN
M9R!A;6]U;G0@;V8@82!L;VYG+6QI=F5D(&%S 2!N;W0@8F4@ 2!R;W5T:6YE;'D@
M '!E8W1E9"!T;R!G96YE 2!A=F%I;&%B;&4@;6%R:V5T(&1A=&$@86YD
M(&EN9&5P96YD96YT(&%P6EN9R!V86QU92!O9B!A;B!A F5D
M(&ES(&UE87-U 2!O8V-U 2!R96-O 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT
M.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P'!E;G-E9"!A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!D
M97!O 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E
M>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2!S
M=')U8W1U 2!A2!A;&P@
M;W(@82!P;W)T:6]N(&]F('1H92!L97-S964F(S@R,32!D
M97!O 7!I8V%L;'D@:7,@ 2!D97!O 2!T:&4@0V]M2!A &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M3H@8FQO
M8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA &5S(&EN(&5A8V@@;V8@=&AE
M(&IU "!E>'!O F5D+"!T:&4@0V]M
M2!E 2!E 2!R969L96-T "!P
M &%B;&4@
M:6YC;VUE(&9O F4@86YY(&)E;F5F:70@9G)O;2!I
M=',@9&5F97)R960@=&%X97,N/"]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#!P=#LG/CQB 3H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P2!A8V-R=65S(&YO;BUI;F-O;64@
M8F%S960@ 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V1I '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F5D(&%S(&]P97)A=&EN9R!L96%S92!R979E
M;G5E(&]N(&$@ 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6UE;G1S(&%R92!R96-E
M:79E9"XF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#M4:&4@0V]M2!E 2!E 6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V1I F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P28C.#(Q-SMS(&%I 2!A8V-R=65S(&EN=&5R97-T(&]N('1H
M92!B86QA;F-E(&]F('1H92!F:6YA;F-E(&QE87-E(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@8F%S
M960@;VX@=&AE(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@:6YH97)E;G0@:6X@=&AE(&%P3H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!S=6)J96-T('1O(&9I;F%N8V4@;&5A 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.R!F;VYT+7-T>6QE.B!I=&%L:6,[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P2=S(&QE87-E(')E=F5N=65S(&)U="!M87D@869F96-T('1H92!R97!O
M 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 2!A9&]P=&EO;B!I 2!A9&]P=&5D
M('1H92!3=6)T;W!I8RX\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\ '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F
M7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T
M '0O:F%V87-C
M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@
M8VQA 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M28C.#(Q-SMS(&)A;&%N
M8V4@ 6QE/3-$)V1I 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!W:61T:#H@,3`P
M)3LG/CQT 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.R`\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH.2PY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET
M93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-3(L.34T+#8P
M,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-C0L-C,T+#,P,#PO=&0^/'1D
M(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M "!D;W5B;&4[('1E
M>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU-CDL-3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@
M;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXW-RPU,C F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET
M93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ."PR.#,L.3`P
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU+#`R
M.2PX,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES
M3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXV-#8L-S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXQ-BPP.3DL-S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-"PU-S,L.#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R#L@=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD
M:78@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXQ+#8P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.R3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`PF4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-"PW.#`L,3`P
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T
M9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-C0L-C,T+#,P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU-CDL-3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@8FQO
M8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0Q,"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA '0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0R(')O=W-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(')O
M=W-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$PF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P
M86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD
M/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES
M3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-C0E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXS,BPQ.3DL-3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXV+#`S,BPQ,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT
M.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4S
M,BPQ,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXQ+#4S,BPQ,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE
M/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P
M=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P"!S
M;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXY,"PR,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ #L@=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`TF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXX+#,T,RPY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)W!A9&1I;F 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXR+C`S/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXU+C(V/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXS+C(S/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\
M=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-C0E.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED
M=&@Z(#8T)3LG/B8C,38P.R`\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD
M96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E
M;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M,T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B
M;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXH,RPX,#@L,C`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU,"PV,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXT+#,R
M,2PS,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R
M87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI
M/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR-#8L,#`P/"]T
M9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR-#8L,#`P
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T
M9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR+#`P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA '!E
M;G-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH-S 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-BPY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,S@L-#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@
M9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXH-RPX-#0L-C`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!D97!O 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH-3(U
M+#(P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T
M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,3`U+# 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ #L@=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S
M;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU
M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@
M;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@.7!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,C0L.38U+#4P,#PO
M=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ #L@
M=VED=&@Z(#8T)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P"!S
M;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(]
M,T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M
M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT
M.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ.2PP,#`L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F
M="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ.2PP,#`L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@.7!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6UE;G1S(&]F($-R
M961I="!&86-I;&ET>3PO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH.2PS,#`L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-"4[
M)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#EP=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH
M,BPP-34L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G
M:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU,34L.3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU,34L.3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
M'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4Y
M-BPX,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`TF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$;&5F="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[
M('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 7!E.B!T97AT
M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^
M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$
M=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/&1I=B!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0V('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X],T0V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG/CQD:78@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG/CQD:78@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-SPO=&0^/'1D(&YO
M=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXE/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R
M:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXY/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXQ-CPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXE/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-3(E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXS/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B4\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-3(E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXY/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXY/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ,CPO
M=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXE/"]T9#X\+W1R
M/CQT 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U,B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXT/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXV/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B4\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,B4[)SX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B4\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T
M:#H@-3(E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA
M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXQ/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.R3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXE
M/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O
M;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\
M '1087)T7S4V,#!D
M-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E
M,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R
M9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V1I 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!W:61T:#H@,3`P)3LG/CQT 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.RF4Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4T,BPP,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE
M.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXS+#0V
M,"PT,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXT+#$T.2PP,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXR+#DU,BPS,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXS+#0Q-2PU,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXS
M-C`L,#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@-S8E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXR,2PY,3,L,S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z
M(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ."PW.30L,C`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S
M;VQI9#LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\
M=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D
M:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-RPW-SDL,#`P
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXS-"PT-#8L,S`P
M/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ-BPU.#@L.3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^
M/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(# F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
M"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 7!E.B!T97AT
M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^
M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$
M=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA '0M9&5C;W)A=&EO;CH@
M=6YD97)L:6YE.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!W:61T:#H@,3`E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`X."4[)SXF(S$V
M,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q,"4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R
M87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXR,BPY,S@L
M-S`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X."4[)SX\9&EV
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X."4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z
M(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\
M=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T
M:#H@.#@E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L
M;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ,C8L,S4R+#(P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O
M;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\ '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A
M8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H
M965T '0O:F%V
M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\=&%B;&4@
M8V5L;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$
M)V)O "!S;VQI9#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG
M/CQD:78@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#L@=VED=&@Z(#$P)3LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&UA 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I
M9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#DE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W
M:61T:#H@-S8E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D
M;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ,S,L-3DP
M+#8P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[
M('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T
M3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\
M+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\ '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*
M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A
M9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA &5S("A486)L97,I/&)R/CPO 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@
M5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3L@;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z(#!P=#L@9&ES
M3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A
M9&1I;FF4Z
M(#$PF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0V('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O
M='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@,C(E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@-S8E.RF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,"4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,"4[)SX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q,"4[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q,"4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,3AP=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G
M8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXX,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXX,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(# 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,3AP=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO
M8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXW+#$P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO
M=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXX,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A
M;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH.3@L,C`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T #L@=VED=&@Z(# 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,3AP
M=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M
M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,34X+#8P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG
M+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI
M/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN
M+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B
M;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[
M)SXH-2PY-3(L-C`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI
M9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T #L@=VED=&@Z(# 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\+V1I
M=CX\ 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P2!A6EN9R!T:&4@ "!R871E('1O('!R971A>"!E87)N:6YG 6QE/3-$)V1I 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!W:61T:#H@,3`P)3LG/CQT 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.RF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0R('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=B
M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`P
MF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L
M969T.R6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE
M.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA "`H8F5N969I="DO2!F961E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA "`H8F5N969I="DO3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH.3 F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E
M969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 65A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I
M9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y
M.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXM/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W
M F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(# 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM
M;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXY+#,P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG
M;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT #L@=VED=&@Z(# 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\
M "!A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M
M:6QY.B`G5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N)RP@5&EM97,L('-E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 2UF;W)W87)D 3H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C
M:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!C;VQSF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.R`\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)V)O "!S;VQI9#LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA "!A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.RF4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!C;VQS
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N
M/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6]V97(\+V1I=CX\
M+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#(Q
M,"PY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M
M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@
M,3AP=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@
M.24[)SXQ,"PX,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXQ,#`L.#`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T #L@=VED=&@Z(# 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,3AP=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXY-C$L,3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&%L:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T
M>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M "!A F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS
M1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\
M9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,3AP=#L@9&ES3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXH,3`L-#4P+#`P,#PO=&0^/'1D(&YO=W)A3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A
M;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXH,3 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T9#X\+W1R/CQT F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T
M:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W
M:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG
M;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET
M93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=P
M861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@-S8E.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXH
M,2PR.#(L,3`P/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C
M8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
M"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXI/"]T
M9#X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1R:6=H="!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/BD\+W1D
M/CPO='(^/"]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\+V1I=CX\ '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F
M7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U
M-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T
M '0O:F%V87-C
M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@
M8VQA '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+69A
M;6EL>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V
M,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R
M/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI
M;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M '0M
M:6YD96YT.B`PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 3H@=&EM97,@
M;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.RF4Z(#$P3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S
M='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@
M8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z
M(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W
M:61T:#H@.24[)SXX+#,T,RPY,#`\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@
M=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P
M;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P
M3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4T,RPR-36QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I;FQI;F4[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4T,RPR-36QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W
M(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL
M93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O
M;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H
M.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS
M1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!S;VQI9#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@86QI9VX],T1L
M969T('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M-'!X.R!W:61T:#H@-S8E.RF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&UA 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!M87)G:6XM;&5F
M=#H@,'!T.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!B;&]C:SL@;6%R9VEN+7)I9VAT.B`P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@-'!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT
M9"!A;&EG;CTS1')I9VAT('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I
M9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXQ+#4X-RPP,S8\+W1D/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N
M;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.RF4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[(&UA F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B
M;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V
M86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C
M:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P"!D
M;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXU+C0Q/"]T
M9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 6QE/3-$)W!A
M9&1I;F 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q
M)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`T6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #L@=VED=&@Z(#$E.R6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P
M"!D;W5B;&4[('1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T
M:#H@.24[)SXU+C(V/"]T9#X\=&0@;F]W F4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/"]T 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S
M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1"=F
M;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)U1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;B F4Z(#$P
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU 3H@8FQO8VL[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A9&1I;FF4Z(#$P3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!D:7-P;&%Y.B!I
M;FQI;F4[)SXF(S$V,#L@/"]T9#X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA F4Z
M(#$P'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[
M(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T1W:&ET93X\=&0@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M #LG/B8C,38P.R`\
M+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,G!X.R6QE/3-$)V)O "!S
M;VQI9#LG/CQD:78@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&UA
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!P861D
M:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&UA &EM871E
M;'D@)#$L,C`P+#`P,"`\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA
M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!W:61T:#H@.24[)SXS+#@V-"PY,#`\+W1D
M/CQT9"!N;W=R87`],T1N;W=R87`@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I
M9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B0\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/"]T 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L
M:6=N/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX]
M,T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@
M,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.R3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO
M='(^/'1R(&)G8V]L;W(],T0C8V-E969F/CQT9"!A;&EG;CTS1&QE9G0@=F%L
M:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-B4[)SX\9&EV('-T>6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@8FQO8VL[(&UA 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@:6YL
M:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 3H@=&EM
M97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 3H@=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@=VED=&@Z(#DE.RF4Z(#$P'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('=I9'1H.B`Q)3LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&%L:6=N
M/3-$ 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 3H@
M:6YL:6YE.R!W:61T:#H@,24[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 3H@
M=&EM97,@;F5W(')O;6%N.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!W:61T:#H@,24[
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9"!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R
M.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U
M95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA F%T:6]N(&%N9"!$97!R96-I
M871I;VX@6T%B '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^,3(@>65A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!3=6)J96-T('1O(&]R($%V
M86EL86)L92!F;W(@3W!E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!3=6)J96-T('1O
M(&]R($%V86EL86)L92!F;W(@3W!E '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S2!M87)K970@9G5N9',@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@8V%S:"!A;F0@8V%S:"!E
M<75I=F%L96YT '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'1087)T7S4V,#!D
M-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E
M,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U
M960@97AP96YS97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!D97!O '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S&5S/"]T9#X-
M"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!S=&]C:SPO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-RPR-#4L.#`P*3QS"!P '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S(')E8V5I=F%B
M;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '!E;G-E '!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S('!A>6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6UE;G1S
M(&]F($-R961I="!&86-I;&ET>3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S65A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S65A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3PO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@
M8VQA '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\
M '!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!D97!O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6UE;G1S(&]F($-R961I="!&86-I;&ET>3PO
M=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S65A '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S65A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U
M960@:6YT97)E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!D97!O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S/"]T9#X-
M"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\
M+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@
M97AP96YS97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E 6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@97AP96YS97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@
M("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT
M9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'!E;G-E '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'!E;G-E 6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@97AP
M96YS97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!F:6YA;F-I;F'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S65A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R
M=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O;G1E
M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A7V%C
M,F9?-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M
M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R
M9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A7V%C,F9?-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F+U=O '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H
M=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F
M85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R
M:W-H965T '0O
M:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\
M=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6UE;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4@=6YD97(@;F]N
M8V%N8V5L86)L92!L96%S97,@6T%B '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 6%B;&4@86YD
M($%C8W)U960@26YT97)E 6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E 2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@86YD(&%C8W)U960@:6YT97)E
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!A8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!;06)S=')A8W1=/"]S=')O;F2P@8F]R &EM=6T@
M8F]R 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S2`H:6X@:'5N9')E9'1H '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!I '0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-
M"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A
M9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z
M+R\O0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A7V%C,F9?-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F+U=O
M '0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G
M=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &5S("A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$("0I
M/&)R/CPO "!P "`H8F5N969I="DO
M"!R871E(')E
M8V]N8VEL:6%T:6]N(%M!8G-T "`H8F5N969I="DO2!F961E 6]V97(\+W1D
M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6UE;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B
M;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*
M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A
M9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R
M,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P
M9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA
M 2!4 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'1087)T
M7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9@T*0V]N=&5N
M="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E7S1A9F%?86,R
M9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA &5R8VES92!F
M=6QL>2!D:6QU=&5D(&-AF%T:6]N("AI;B!H=6YD 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT
M;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@
M("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X
M="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\U-C`P9#0U95]E-#!E
M7S1A9F%?86,R9E\U,C%E,C@Y-#AB8F8-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I
M;&4Z+R\O0SHO-38P,&0T-65?930P95\T869A7V%C,F9?-3(Q93(X.30X8F)F
M+U=O &UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N
M8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA &UL;G,Z;STS1")U
M '1087)T7S4V,#!D-#5E7V4T,&5?-&%F85]A8S)F7S4R,64R.#DT.&)B9BTM
"#0H`
`
end XML 24 R29.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Computation of Earnings Per Share (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Computation of Earnings Per Share [Abstract] Computation of earnings per share Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Net (loss)/income $ (11,294,000 ) $ 8,343,900 Weighted average shares outstanding for the period 1,543,257 1,543,257 Dilutive effect of warrants - 43,779 Weighted average diluted shares used in calculation of diluted (loss)/earnings per share 1,543,257 1,587,036 Basic (loss)/earnings per share $ (7.32 ) $ 5.41 Diluted (loss)/earnings per share $ (7.32 ) $ 5.26 X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 25 R28.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Income Taxes [Abstract] Income tax provision The items comprising the income tax provision are as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Current tax provision: Federal $ - $ - State 800 800 Foreign - 7,100 Current tax provision 800 7,900 Deferred tax (benefit)/provision: Federal (5,854,400 ) 4,478,800 State (98,200 ) 1,100 Decrease in valuation allowance - (158,600 ) Deferred tax (benefit)/provision (5,952,600 ) 4,321,300 Total income tax (benefit)/provision $ (5,951,800 ) $ 4,329,200 Income tax reconciliation Total income tax expense differs from the amount that would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pretax earnings as illustrated below: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Income tax (benefit)/provision at statutory federal income tax rate $ (5,863,600 ) $ 4,308,900 State tax (benefit)/provision, net of federal benefit (97,500 ) 19,400 Prior year withholding tax adjustment - 174,600 Decrease in valuation allowance - (158,600 ) Other 9,300 (15,100 ) Total income tax (benefit)/provision $ (5,951,800 ) $ 4,329,200 Deferred tax assets and liabilities Temporary differences and carry-forwards that give rise to a significant portion of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Deferred tax assets: Maintenance reserves $ 2,138,900 $ 1,813,900 Foreign tax credit carryover - 1,210,900 Alternative minimum tax credit 10,800 100,800 Bad debt allowance and other 961,100 490,100 Deferred tax assets 3,110,800 3,615,700 Deferred tax liabilities: Accumulated depreciation on aircraft and aircraft engines (10,450,000 ) (17,540,000 ) Minimum lease payments receivable - (649,500 ) Deferred income (1,282,100 ) - Net deferred tax liabilities $ (8,621,300 ) $ (14,573,800 ) X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 26 R30.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Related Party Transactions (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Related Party Transactions [Abstract] Related party fees Fees incurred during 2014 and 2013 were as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Management fees, net of approximately $1,200,000 of fees waived by JMC in 2014 $ 3,864,900 $ 4,369,300 Acquisition fees 2,100,000 799,000 Remarketing fees 64,000 589,300 X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include, but are not limited to, transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners and (d) affiliates. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 27 R31.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Jun. 30, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation [Abstract] Aircraft useful life 12 years Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Line Items] Impairment charge $ 11,718,700 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges $ 6,800,000 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges $ 18,736,500 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges $ 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 186,762,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet 152,954,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet Impairment of Long-lived Assets [Abstract] Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 11,718,700 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges 6,800,000 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges 18,736,500 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts [Abstract] Allowance for doubtful accounts 0 us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable 0 us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable Finance Leases [Abstract] Interest earned on finance lease 150,000 us-gaap_InterestAndFeeIncomeLoansLeaseFinancing 175,700 us-gaap_InterestAndFeeIncomeLoansLeaseFinancing Fokker 100 [Member] Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Line Items] Impairment charge 15,278,900 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Number of aircraft held for lease 2 acy_NumberOfAircraftsLease / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Number of aircraft held for sale 5 acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Impairment of Long-lived Assets [Abstract] Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 15,278,900 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100Member Fokker 50 [Member] Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Line Items] Impairment charge 333,400 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Number of aircraft held for lease 2 acy_NumberOfAircraftsLease / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Number of aircraft held for sale 1 acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member 1 acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Impairment of Long-lived Assets [Abstract] Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 333,400 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker50Member Fokker 100 and Fokker 50 [Member] | Held-for-sale [Member] Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Line Items] Impairment charge 15,612,300 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleMember 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleMember Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 6,100,000 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleMember Impairment of Long-lived Assets [Abstract] Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 15,612,300 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleMember 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsHeldForSaleMember Fokker 100 and Fokker 50 [Member] | Held-for-lease [Member] Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Line Items] Impairment charge 3,124,200 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsLeasedToOthersMember 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsLeasedToOthersMember Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 7,837,300 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsLeasedToOthersMember Impairment of Long-lived Assets [Abstract] Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 3,124,200 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsLeasedToOthersMember 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member / us-gaap_MajorPropertyClassAxis = us-gaap_AssetsLeasedToOthersMember Saab 340B [Member] Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Line Items] Number of aircraft held for sale 2 acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale / us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis = acy_Saab340BMember Recurring [Member] Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis [Abstract] Money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents 1,044,300 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 1,842,000 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember Liabilities recorded at fair value $ 0 us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember $ 0 us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure / us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis = us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember X - Definition Number of aircraft considered as assets held for sale. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfAircraftHeldForSale Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of aircraft considered as assets held for lease. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfAircraftsLease Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For an unclassified balance sheet, a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35738203&loc=d3e5074-111524 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes, but is not limited to, losses from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AssetImpairmentChargesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Fair value portion of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Interest and fee income generated by direct lease financing which consists of an institution owning and leasing personal property for the use of its customers at the customers' specific request. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 1 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestAndFeeIncomeLoansLeaseFinancing Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesCapitalAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Fair value of financial and nonfinancial obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of property, by major property class, net of accumulated depreciation, subject to or available for lease as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Fokker100AndFokker50Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Fokker100Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Fokker50Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AircraftTypeAxis=acy_Saab340BMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementFrequencyAxis=us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 28 R8.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statements of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Statements of Cash Flows [Abstract] Interest paid $ 4,117,900 us-gaap_InterestPaid $ 3,077,100 us-gaap_InterestPaid Income taxes paid $ 800 us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid $ 800 us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid X - Definition The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for interest during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 29 R32.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Change in Accounting Principle (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Jan. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2012 Balance Sheets [Abstract] Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,840,500 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue $ 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Accounts receivable, net 2,128,600 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet 3,303,800 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet Finance leases receivable 0 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases 1,895,200 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 186,762,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet 152,954,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet Assets held for sale 6,522,900 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent 735,000 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent Prepaid expenses and other 4,520,300 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets 3,633,000 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets Total assets 201,774,900 us-gaap_Assets 164,634,300 us-gaap_Assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses 2,818,200 us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent 1,202,700 us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent Notes payable and accrued interest 133,590,600 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest 77,527,300 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest Security deposits 5,218,300 us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits 6,265,000 us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits Unearned revenues 1,642,200 us-gaap_DeferredRevenue 646,700 us-gaap_DeferredRevenue Deferred income taxes 8,621,300 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities 14,573,800 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities Total liabilities 166,934,000 us-gaap_Liabilities 118,499,400 us-gaap_Liabilities Preferred stock 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Common stock 1,600 us-gaap_CommonStockValue 1,600 us-gaap_CommonStockValue Paid-in capital 14,780,100 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital 14,780,100 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Retained earnings 20,563,300 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit 31,857,300 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Treasury stock (504,100) us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue (504,100) us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue Total stockholders' equity 34,840,900 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity 46,134,900 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity 37,791,000 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 201,774,900 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity 164,634,300 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Statement of Operations [Abstract] Operating lease revenue, net 21,913,300 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue 18,794,200 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue Maintenance reserves income, net 3,393,600 us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue 14,910,400 us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue Total Income 28,706,500 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet 38,231,600 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Maintenance 7,478,400 us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts 6,962,400 us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts Depreciation 7,299,000 us-gaap_Depreciation 7,363,100 us-gaap_Depreciation Management fees 3,864,900 us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts 4,369,300 us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts Interest 5,134,200 us-gaap_InterestExpense 4,075,000 us-gaap_InterestExpense Professional fees, general and administrative and other 1,718,800 acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther 1,174,500 acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther Insurance 1,255,300 us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense 1,166,400 us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense Other taxes 465,200 us-gaap_TaxesOther 90,200 us-gaap_TaxesOther Total expenses 45,952,300 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses 25,558,500 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Income before taxes (17,245,800) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments 12,673,100 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Tax provision (5,951,800) us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 4,329,200 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Net (loss)/income (11,294,000) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Earnings per share: Basic (in dollars per share) $ (7.32) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 5.41 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Diluted (in dollars per share) $ (7.32) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 5.26 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Operating activities: Net (loss)/income (11,294,000) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets 3,147,200 us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets 3,808,200 us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets Depreciation 7,299,000 us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction 7,363,100 us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction Non-cash interest 950,100 us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense 1,113,600 us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense Deferred income taxes (5,952,600) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 4,321,300 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (498,000) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable (96,100) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable Finance lease receivable 1,895,200 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables 246,000 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables Income taxes receivable 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable 2,000 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable Prepaid expenses and other 486,700 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets (772,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Accounts payable and accrued expenses (132,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities (23,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities Accrued interest on notes payable 163,300 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet (38,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (1,313,700) acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts (9,128,800) acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts Security deposits (2,167,700) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits (525,200) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits Unearned revenue 210,200 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent (105,700) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent Income taxes payable 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable (19,100) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable Net cash provided by operating activities 5,235,400 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations 6,872,600 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 15,854,800 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets 10,018,700 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 312,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment 945,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines (74,529,000) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment (24,965,500) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment Net cash used in investing activities (58,362,100) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations (14,001,700) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 71,100,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit 19,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit Repayments of Credit Facility (15,200,000) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit (9,300,000) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit Debt issuance costs (3,045,500) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts (2,055,000) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts Net cash provided by financing activities 52,854,500 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations 7,645,000 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (272,200) us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease 515,900 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 1,596,800 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 1,840,500 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Cumulative net decrease of in stockholders' equity 8,088,200 us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleCumulativeEffectOfChangeOnEquityOrNetAssets1 As Reported Previously [Member] Balance Sheets [Abstract] Cash and cash equivalents 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Accounts receivable, net 3,313,700 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Finance leases receivable 1,895,200 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 152,375,200 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Assets held for sale 735,000 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Prepaid expenses and other 3,633,000 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Total assets 164,064,800 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Accounts payable and accrued expenses 1,175,300 us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Notes payable and accrued interest 77,527,300 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs 13,254,100 acy_MaintenanceReservesAndAccruedMaintenanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Security deposits 6,265,000 us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Unearned revenues 646,700 us-gaap_DeferredRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Deferred income taxes 16,099,700 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Total liabilities 114,968,100 us-gaap_Liabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Preferred stock 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Common stock 1,600 us-gaap_CommonStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Paid-in capital 14,780,100 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Retained earnings 34,819,100 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Treasury stock (504,100) us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Total stockholders' equity 49,096,700 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 164,064,800 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Statement of Operations [Abstract] Operating lease revenue, net 18,794,200 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Maintenance reserves income, net 8,878,300 us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Gain on disposal of assets and other income 4,527,000 acy_GainLossOnDispositionOfPropertyPlantEquipmentAndOtherIncome / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Total Income 32,199,500 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Maintenance 8,765,000 us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Depreciation 7,312,500 us-gaap_Depreciation / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Management fees 4,352,400 us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Interest 4,075,000 us-gaap_InterestExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Professional fees, general and administrative and other 1,532,100 acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Insurance 1,166,400 us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Other taxes 90,200 us-gaap_TaxesOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Total expenses 27,293,600 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Income before taxes 4,905,900 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Tax provision 1,688,400 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Net (loss)/income 3,217,500 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Earnings per share: Basic (in dollars per share) $ 2.08 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Diluted (in dollars per share) $ 2.03 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Operating activities: Net (loss)/income 3,217,500 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets (3,808,200) us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Depreciation 7,312,500 us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Non-cash interest 1,113,600 us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Deferred income taxes 1,680,500 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (106,000) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Finance lease receivable 246,000 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Income taxes receivable 2,000 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Prepaid expenses and other (772,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Accounts payable and accrued expenses (40,300) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Accrued interest on notes payable (38,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (1,284,200) acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Security deposits (525,200) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Unearned revenue (105,700) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Income taxes payable (19,100) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Net cash provided by operating activities 6,872,600 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 10,018,700 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 945,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines (24,965,500) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Net cash used in investing activities (14,001,700) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 19,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Repayments of Credit Facility (9,300,000) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Debt issuance costs (2,055,000) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Net cash provided by financing activities 7,645,000 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 515,900 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 1,596,800 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember As Adjusted [Member] Balance Sheets [Abstract] Cash and cash equivalents 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Accounts receivable, net 3,303,800 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Finance leases receivable 1,895,200 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 152,954,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Assets held for sale 735,000 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Prepaid expenses and other 3,633,000 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Total assets 164,634,300 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Accounts payable and accrued expenses 1,202,700 us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Notes payable and accrued interest 77,527,300 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs 18,283,900 acy_MaintenanceReservesAndAccruedMaintenanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Security deposits 6,265,000 us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Unearned revenues 646,700 us-gaap_DeferredRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Deferred income taxes 14,573,800 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Total liabilities 118,499,400 us-gaap_Liabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Preferred stock 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Common stock 1,600 us-gaap_CommonStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Paid-in capital 14,780,100 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Retained earnings 31,857,300 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Treasury stock (504,100) us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Total stockholders' equity 46,134,900 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 164,634,300 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Statement of Operations [Abstract] Operating lease revenue, net 18,794,200 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Maintenance reserves income, net 14,910,400 us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Gain on disposal of assets and other income 4,527,000 acy_GainLossOnDispositionOfPropertyPlantEquipmentAndOtherIncome / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Total Income 38,231,600 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Maintenance 6,962,400 us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Depreciation 7,363,100 us-gaap_Depreciation / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Management fees 4,369,300 us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Interest 4,075,000 us-gaap_InterestExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Professional fees, general and administrative and other 1,532,100 acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Insurance 1,166,400 us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Other taxes 90,200 us-gaap_TaxesOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Total expenses 25,558,500 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Income before taxes 12,673,100 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Tax provision 4,329,200 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Net (loss)/income 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Earnings per share: Basic (in dollars per share) $ 5.41 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Diluted (in dollars per share) $ 5.26 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Operating activities: Net (loss)/income 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets (3,808,200) us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Depreciation 7,363,100 us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Non-cash interest 1,113,600 us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Deferred income taxes 4,321,300 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (96,100) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Finance lease receivable 246,000 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Income taxes receivable 2,000 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Prepaid expenses and other (772,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Accounts payable and accrued expenses (23,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Accrued interest on notes payable (38,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (9,128,800) acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Security deposits (525,200) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Unearned revenue (105,700) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Income taxes payable (19,100) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Net cash provided by operating activities 6,872,600 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 10,018,700 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 945,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines (24,965,500) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Net cash used in investing activities (14,001,700) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 19,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Repayments of Credit Facility (9,300,000) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Debt issuance costs (2,055,000) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Net cash provided by financing activities 7,645,000 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 515,900 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 1,596,800 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Cash and cash equivalents, end of year 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Effect of Change [Member] Balance Sheets [Abstract] Cash and cash equivalents 0 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Accounts receivable, net (9,900) us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Finance leases receivable 0 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 579,400 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Assets held for sale 0 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Prepaid expenses and other 0 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Total assets 569,500 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Accounts payable and accrued expenses 27,400 us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Notes payable and accrued interest 0 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs 5,029,800 acy_MaintenanceReservesAndAccruedMaintenanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Security deposits 0 us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Unearned revenues 0 us-gaap_DeferredRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Deferred income taxes (1,525,900) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Total liabilities 3,531,300 us-gaap_Liabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Preferred stock 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Common stock 0 us-gaap_CommonStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Paid-in capital 0 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Retained earnings (2,961,800) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Treasury stock 0 us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Total stockholders' equity (2,961,800) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 569,500 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Statement of Operations [Abstract] Operating lease revenue, net 0 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Maintenance reserves income, net 6,032,100 us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Gain on disposal of assets and other income 0 acy_GainLossOnDispositionOfPropertyPlantEquipmentAndOtherIncome / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Total Income 6,032,100 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Maintenance (1,802,600) us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Depreciation 50,600 us-gaap_Depreciation / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Management fees 16,900 us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Interest 0 us-gaap_InterestExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Professional fees, general and administrative and other 0 acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Insurance 0 us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Other taxes 0 us-gaap_TaxesOther / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Total expenses (1,735,100) us-gaap_OperatingExpenses / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Income before taxes 7,767,200 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Tax provision 2,640,800 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Net (loss)/income 5,126,400 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Earnings per share: Basic (in dollars per share) $ 3.33 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Diluted (in dollars per share) $ 3.23 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Operating activities: Net (loss)/income 5,126,400 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets 0 us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Depreciation 50,600 us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Non-cash interest 0 us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Deferred income taxes 2,640,800 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 9,900 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Finance lease receivable 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Income taxes receivable 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Prepaid expenses and other 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Accounts payable and accrued expenses 16,900 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Accrued interest on notes payable 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (7,844,600) acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Security deposits 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Unearned revenue 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Income taxes payable 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Net cash provided by operating activities 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines 0 us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Net cash used in investing activities 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Repayments of Credit Facility 0 us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Debt issuance costs 0 us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Net cash provided by financing activities 0 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents 0 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 0 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 0 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue / us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis = acy_EffectOfChangeMember X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets aggregated with the gain (loss) on other income. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_GainLossOnDispositionOfPropertyPlantEquipmentAndOtherIncome Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount of maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs, which include 1) refundable maintenance payments billed to lessees, which are paid as maintenance is performed or at end of lease, 2) for lessees who pay non-refundable maintenance reserves, estimated maintenance costs accrued at the time a reimbursement claim or sufficient information is received regarding maintenance work performed, and 3) maintenance for work performed for off-lease aircraft. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Maintenance reserves and accrued costs include: (1) refundable maintenance payments billed to lessees, which are paid out as related maintenance is performed or at the end of the lease, (2) for lessees who pay non-refundable maintenance reserves, estimated maintenance costs accrued at the time a reimbursement claim or sufficient information is received regarding maintenance work performed, and (3) maintenance for work performed for off-lease aircraft, which is not related to the release of reserves received from lessees. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_MaintenanceReservesAndAccruedMaintenanceCosts Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Including the current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable, as of the balance-sheet date, with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer. Also, includes the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt that has been incurred and is unpaid. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate total of expenses of managing, administering, and the sum of expenses not otherwise specified in the taxonomy for the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. Also, a fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors, lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date, including liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received, taxes, interest, rent and utilities, compensation costs, payroll taxes and fringe benefits (other than pension and postretirement obligations), contractual rights and obligations, and statutory obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(1),(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.15) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph 1, 5 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition For an unclassified balance sheet, the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.5) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate costs related to asset management during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(d)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of, expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1107-107759 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The net investment in direct financing leases as of the balance sheet date consisting of: (a) minimum lease payments due on direct financing leases, (b) unguaranteed residual value, and (c) any unamortized initial direct costs; less: (i) executory costs, (ii) unearned income, and (iii) the accumulated allowance for uncollectible minimum lease payments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496975&loc=d3e45377-112738 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Refundable consideration, usually cash, held by the entity pending satisfactory completion of the entity's obligations or pending the closing of a contract. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.15a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Liability -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510232 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph b(2) -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally, an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1 Response) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_Depreciation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of nonproduction tangible assets over their useful lives. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32703322&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, excluding oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2941-110230 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The expense in the period incurred with respect to protection provided by insurance entities against risks other than risks associated with production (which are allocated to cost of sales). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount due for taxes based on the reporting entity's earnings or attributable to the entity's income earning process (business presence) within a given jurisdiction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount of customer money held in customer accounts, including security deposits, collateral for a current or future transactions, initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in outstanding loans including accrued interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable, which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable, which represents the amount owed to note holders, bond holders, and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows, for example, deferred expenses, intangible assets, or income taxes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) of consideration paid in advance for rent that provides economic benefits in future periods. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 9 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19-26) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Liabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 -Article 7 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Costs incurred and are directly related to generating maintenance revenues. Also includes cost of maintenance on client contracts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Revenue derived from maintenance services provided under contracts or arrangements with clients. For example, it may include the maintenance of software, plant and equipment, and facilities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(d)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities, excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities, excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cumulative effect of the change in accounting principle or new accounting pronouncement on retained earnings or other components of equity or net assets in the statement of financial position as of the beginning of the earliest period presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b)(3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22499-107794 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22580-107794 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Direct Effects of a Change in Accounting Principle -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510796 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Indirect Effects of a Change in Accounting Principle -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515603 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Accounting Change -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6503790 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Change in Accounting Principle -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507316 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Retrospective Application -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6523989 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22583-107794 + Details Name: us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleCumulativeEffectOfChangeOnEquityOrNetAssets1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The total amount of revenue recognized for the period from operating leases, including minimum lease revenue, contingent revenue, percentage revenue and sublease revenue. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7501430&loc=d3e39896-112707 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Other expenses or losses included in net income that result in no cash outflows or inflows in the period and are not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for acquisition of or capital improvements of property, plant and equipment, used to produce goods or deliver services, and not otherwise defined in the taxonomy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3213-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the sale of property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures), software, and other intangible assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of property, by major property class, net of accumulated depreciation, subject to or available for lease as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Taxes, excluding payroll, income and excise taxes, if not included elsewhere, that could include production, real and personal property, and other selling and distribution-related taxes. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_TaxesOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=acy_EffectOfChangeMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_RestatementAdjustmentMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementScenarioAxis=us-gaap_ScenarioPreviouslyReportedMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 30 R40.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Related Party Transactions (Details) (Jet Fleet Management Corp. [Member], USD $) 12 Months Ended 3 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Related Party Transaction [Line Items] Management fees $ 3,864,900 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty $ 4,369,300 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty Acquisition fees 2,100,000 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction 799,000 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction Remarketing fees 64,000 acy_RemarketingFees 589,300 acy_RemarketingFees Waiver of Fees [Member] Related Party Transaction [Line Items] Management fees $ 1,200,000 us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAxis = acy_WaiverOfFeesMember / us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis = acy_JetFleetManagementCorpMember X - Definition Refers to remarketing fees with related party during the financial reporting period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_RemarketingFees Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of transactions with related party during the financial reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Expenses recognized resulting from transactions (excluding transactions that are eliminated in consolidated or combined financial statements) with related party. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 31 R2.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheets (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 1,840,500 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue $ 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Accounts receivable, including deferred rent of $111,300 and $217,200 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively 2,128,600 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet 3,303,800 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet Finance lease receivable 0 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases 1,895,200 us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $38,962,800 and $50,679,300 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively 186,762,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet 152,954,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet Assets held for sale 6,522,900 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent 735,000 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent Prepaid expenses and other 4,520,300 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets 3,633,000 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets Total assets 201,774,900 us-gaap_Assets 164,634,300 us-gaap_Assets Liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses 2,818,200 us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent 1,202,700 us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent Notes payable and accrued interest 133,590,600 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest 77,527,300 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest Maintenance reserves 12,927,700 acy_MaintenanceReserves 16,671,800 acy_MaintenanceReserves Accrued maintenance costs 2,115,700 acy_AccruedMaintenanceCosts 1,612,100 acy_AccruedMaintenanceCosts Security deposits 5,218,300 us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits 6,265,000 us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits Unearned revenues 1,642,200 us-gaap_DeferredRevenue 646,700 us-gaap_DeferredRevenue Deferred income taxes 8,621,300 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities 14,573,800 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities Total liabilities 166,934,000 us-gaap_Liabilities 118,499,400 us-gaap_Liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, $0.001 par value, 2,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Common stock, $0.001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, 1,606,557 shares issued and outstanding 1,600 us-gaap_CommonStockValue 1,600 us-gaap_CommonStockValue Paid-in capital 14,780,100 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital 14,780,100 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Retained earnings 20,563,300 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit 31,857,300 us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Shareholders equity before treasury stock 35,345,000 us-gaap_StockholdersEquityBeforeTreasuryStock 46,639,000 us-gaap_StockholdersEquityBeforeTreasuryStock Treasury stock at cost, 63,300 shares (504,100) us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue (504,100) us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue Total stockholders' equity 34,840,900 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity 46,134,900 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity $ 201,774,900 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity $ 164,634,300 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity X - Definition The accrued maintenance costs incurred and directly related to services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. Includes the cost of inspections and repairs, materials and routine maintenance costs for all aircraft and engines. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_AccruedMaintenanceCosts Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Maintenance reserves directly related to inspections and repairs, materials and routine maintenance for all aircraft and engines under lease obligations. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_MaintenanceReserves Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Including the current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable, as of the balance-sheet date, with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer. Also, includes the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt that has been incurred and is unpaid. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date, including liabilities incurred and payable to vendors for goods and services received, taxes, interest, rent and utilities, compensation costs, payroll taxes and fringe benefits (other than pension and postretirement obligations), contractual rights and obligations, and statutory obligations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(1),(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.15) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph 1, 5 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesCurrentAndNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition For an unclassified balance sheet, the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.5) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of, expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1107-107759 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The net investment in direct financing leases as of the balance sheet date consisting of: (a) minimum lease payments due on direct financing leases, (b) unguaranteed residual value, and (c) any unamortized initial direct costs; less: (i) executory costs, (ii) unearned income, and (iii) the accumulated allowance for uncollectible minimum lease payments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496975&loc=d3e45377-112738 + Details Name: us-gaap_CapitalLeasesNetInvestmentInDirectFinancingLeases Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14326-108349 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 25 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 7 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a),19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Refundable consideration, usually cash, held by the entity pending satisfactory completion of the entity's obligations or pending the closing of a contract. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.15a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_CustomerAdvancesAndDeposits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Liability -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510232 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph b(2) -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred revenue as of balance sheet date. Deferred revenue represents collections of cash or other assets related to a revenue producing activity for which revenue has not yet been recognized. Generally, an entity records deferred revenue when it receives consideration from a customer before achieving certain criteria that must be met for revenue to be recognized in conformity with GAAP. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section A Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.A.4(a).Q1 Response) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19-26) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Liabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 -Article 7 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of property, by major property class, net of accumulated depreciation, subject to or available for lease as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Total amount of stockholders' equity (deficit) items including stock value, paid in capital, retained earnings and including equity attributable to noncontrolling interests and before deducting the carrying value of treasury stock. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityBeforeTreasuryStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant XML 32 R6.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statements of Stockholders' Equity (USD $) Common Stock [Member] Paid-in Capital [Member] Retained Earnings [Member] Treasury Stock [Member] Total Balance at Dec. 31, 2012 $ 1,600 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 14,780,100 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ 23,513,400 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember $ (504,100) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember $ 37,791,000 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Net income (loss) 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Balance at Dec. 31, 2013 1,600 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 14,780,100 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 31,857,300 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (504,100) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember 46,134,900 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward] Net income (loss) 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember (11,294,000) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember 0 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember (11,294,000) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Balance at Dec. 31, 2014 $ 1,600 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 14,780,100 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ 20,563,300 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember $ (504,100) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember $ 34,840,900 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant XML 33 R35.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Concentration of Credit Risk (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Customer Dec. 31, 2013 Customer Concentration Risk [Line Items] Number of significant customers 4 acy_NumberOfSignificantCustomers 4 acy_NumberOfSignificantCustomers Operating leases, minimum future lease revenue payments receivable under noncancelable leases [Abstract] 2015 $ 22,938,700 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent 2016 21,300,400 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears 2017 17,937,600 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears 2018 13,719,200 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears 2019 12,860,000 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears Thereafter 37,596,300 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter Total 126,352,200 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable Customer One [Member] | Lease Revenue [Member] Concentration Risk [Line Items] Lease revenues and receivables from significant customers (in hundredths) 20.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNetMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_CustomerOneMember 23.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNetMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_CustomerOneMember Customer Two [Member] | Lease Revenue [Member] Concentration Risk [Line Items] Lease revenues and receivables from significant customers (in hundredths) 18.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNetMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_CustomerTwoMember 19.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNetMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_CustomerTwoMember Customer Three [Member] | Lease Revenue [Member] Concentration Risk [Line Items] Lease revenues and receivables from significant customers (in hundredths) 14.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNetMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_CustomerThreeMember 11.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNetMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_CustomerThreeMember Customer Four [Member] | Lease Revenue [Member] Concentration Risk [Line Items] Lease revenues and receivables from significant customers (in hundredths) 11.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNetMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_CustomerFourMember 10.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNetMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_CustomerFourMember Two Customers [Member] Concentration Risk [Line Items] Receivables $ 1,130,000 us-gaap_AccountsAndNotesReceivableNet / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_TwoCustomersMember 1,231,500 us-gaap_AccountsAndNotesReceivableNet / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_TwoCustomersMember Two Customers [Member] | Receivable [Member] Concentration Risk [Line Items] Lease revenues and receivables from significant customers (in hundredths) 56.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_TwoCustomersMember 40.00% us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 / us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis = us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember / us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis = acy_TwoCustomersMember X - Definition Refers to the number of significant customers contributing for lease revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfSignificantCustomers Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, of account and note receivables due from other than related parties. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3-4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsAndNotesReceivableNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the "benchmark" (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13537-108611 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6404-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13531-108611 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 18 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6351-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Future minimum rental payments in aggregate as of the balance sheet date under operating leases. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within one year of the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within the fifth year from the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within the fourth year from the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within the third year from the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future rental payments receivable within the second year from the balance sheet date under an operating lease. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Future minimum lease payments receivable under operating leases for periods greater than five years following the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=acy_CustomerFourMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=acy_CustomerOneMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=acy_CustomerThreeMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=acy_CustomerTwoMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=acy_TwoCustomersMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 34 R22.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] The Company and Basis of Presentation (a)The Company and Basis of Presentation AeroCentury Corp. ("the Company'), a Delaware corporation incorporated in 1997, typically acquires used regional aircraft and engines for lease to foreign and domestic regional carriers. As discussed in Note 2, during the first quarter of 2014, the Company changed its method of accounting for non-refundable maintenance reserves and certain lessor maintenance obligations. The Company has applied this change in accounting principle retrospectively to all periods presented in accordance with ASC 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections (“ASC 250”). Use of Estimates (b)Use of Estimates The Company’s financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. The Company bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable for making judgments that are not readily apparent from other sources. The most significant estimates with regard to these financial statements are the residual values and useful lives of the assets, the amount and timing of cash flows associated with each asset that are used to evaluate whether assets are impaired, accrued maintenance costs, accounting for income taxes, and the amounts recorded as allowances for doubtful accounts. Cash and Cash Equivalents (c)Cash and cash equivalents The Company considers highly liquid investments readily convertible into known amounts of cash, with original maturities of 90 days or less from the date of acquisition, as cash equivalents. Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation (d)Aircraft Capitalization and Depreciation The Company’s interests in aircraft and aircraft engines are recorded at cost, which includes acquisition costs. Since inception, the Company has typically purchased only used aircraft and aircraft engines. It is the Company’s policy to hold aircraft for approximately twelve years unless market conditions dictate otherwise. Therefore, depreciation of aircraft is initially computed using the straight-line method over the anticipated holding period, usually twelve years, to an estimated residual value based on appraisal. For an aircraft engine held for lease as a spare, the Company estimates the length of time that it will hold the aircraft engine based upon estimated usage, repair costs and other factors, and depreciates it to the appraised residual value over such period using the straight-line method. The Company periodically reviews plans for lease or sale of its aircraft and aircraft engines and changes, as appropriate, the remaining expected holding period for such assets. Estimated residual values are reviewed and adjusted periodically, based upon updated estimates obtained from an independent appraiser. Decreases in the fair value of aircraft could affect not only the current value, discussed below, but also the estimated residual value. Assets that are held for sale are not subject to depreciation and are separately classified on the balance sheet. Such assets are carried at the lower of their carrying value or estimated fair values, less costs to sell. Fair Value Measurements (e)Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value must maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs, to the extent possible. The fair value hierarchy under GAAP is based on three levels of inputs. Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 - Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Assets and Liabilities Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis The carrying amount of the Company's money market funds included in cash and cash equivalents was $1,044,300 and $1,842,000 at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. The fair value of the Company's money market funds would be categorized as Level 1 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. As of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, there were no liabilities that were required to be measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Assets Measured and Recorded at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis The Company determines fair value of long-lived assets held and used, such as aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease and held for sale, by reference to independent appraisals, quoted market prices (e.g., offers to purchase) and other factors. An impairment charge is recorded when the Company believes that the carrying value of an asset will not be recovered through future net cash flows and that the carrying value exceeds its fair value. During 2014, based on appraised values, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $3,124,200 for two Fokker 100 aircraft and two Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for lease, resulting in a carrying value of $7,837,300. The fair value of such assets would be categorized as Level 2 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease in 2013. During 2014, based on management's estimate of realizable value, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $15,612,300 for five Fokker 100 aircraft and one Fokker 50 aircraft that are held for sale, resulting in a carrying value of $6,100,000. The fair value of such assets would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. No impairments were recorded on the Company's aircraft and aircraft engines held for sale in 2013. Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments The Company’s financial instruments, other than cash and cash equivalents, consist principally of finance leases receivable and amounts borrowed under its credit facility (the “Credit Facility,” as defined in Note 7). The fair value of accounts receivable, finance leases receivable, accounts payable and the Company’s maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs approximates the carrying value of these financial instruments. Borrowings under the Company’s Credit Facility bear floating rates of interest that reset periodically to a market benchmark rate plus a credit margin. The Company believes the effective interest rate of this debt agreement approximates current market rates for such indebtedness at the balance sheet date, and therefore that the carrying amount of its floating rate debt at the balance sheet dates approximates its fair value. The fair value of the Company’s outstanding balance of its Credit Facility would be categorized as Level 3 under the GAAP fair value hierarchy. Impairment of Long-lived Assets (f)Impairment of Long-lived Assets The Company reviews assets for impairment when there has been an event or a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying amount of a long-lived asset may not be recoverable. In addition, the Company routinely reviews all long-lived assets for impairment annually. Recoverability of an asset is measured by comparison of its carrying amount to the future estimated undiscounted cash flows (without interest charges) that the asset is expected to generate. Estimates are based on currently available market data and independent appraisals and are subject to fluctuation from time to time. If these estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset at the time of evaluation, any impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Fair value is determined by reference to independent appraisals and other factors considered relevant by management. Significant management judgment is required in the forecasting of future operating results that are used in the preparation of estimated future undiscounted cash flows and, if different conditions prevail in the future, material write-downs may occur. As discussed in (e) Fair Value Measurements above, the Company recorded impairment provisions totaling $18,736,500 in 2014. No impairment provisions were recorded in 2013. Deferred Financing Costs and Commitment Fees (g)Deferred Financing Costs and Commitment Fees Costs incurred in connection with debt financing are deferred and amortized over the term of the debt using the effective interest method or, in certain instances where the differences are not material, using the straight-line method. Costs incurred in connection with the Company’s Credit Facility are deferred and amortized using the straight-line method. Commitment fees for unused funds are expensed as incurred. Security deposits (h)Security deposits The Company’s leases are typically structured so that if any event of default occurs under a lease, the Company may apply all or a portion of the lessee’s security deposit to cure such default. If such application of the security deposit is made, the lessee typically is required to replenish and maintain the full amount of the deposit during the remaining term of the lease. All of the security deposits received by the Company are refundable to the lessee at the end of the lease upon satisfaction of all lease terms. Taxes (i)Taxes As part of the process of preparing the Company’s financial statements, management estimates income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which the Company operates. This process involves estimating the Company’s current tax exposure under the most recent tax laws and assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and GAAP purposes. These differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in the balance sheet. Management also assesses the likelihood that the Company’s deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income, and, to the extent management believes it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized, the Company establishes a valuation allowance. To the extent the Company establishes a valuation allowance or changes the allowance in a period, the Company reflects the corresponding increase or decrease within the tax provision in the statement of operations. Significant management judgment is required in determining the Company’s future taxable income for purposes of assessing the Company’s ability to realize any benefit from its deferred taxes. The Company accrues non-income based sales, use, value added and franchise taxes as other tax expense in the statements of operations. Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts (j)Revenue Recognition, Accounts Receivable and Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Revenue from leasing of aircraft assets is recognized as operating lease revenue on a straight-line basis over the terms of the applicable lease agreements. Deferred payments are recorded as accrued rent when the cash rent received is lower than the straight-line revenue recognized. Such receivables decrease over the term of the applicable leases. Interest income is recognized on finance leases based on the interest rate implicit in the lease and the outstanding balance of the lease receivable. Maintenance reserves retained by the Company at lease-end are recognized as maintenance reserves revenue. In instances where collectability is not reasonably assured, the Company recognizes revenue as cash payments are received. The Company estimates and charges to income a provision for bad debts based on its experience with each specific customer, the amount and length of payment arrearages, and its analysis of the lessee’s overall financial condition. If the financial condition of any of the Company’s customers deteriorates, it could result in actual losses exceeding any estimated allowances. The Company had no allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2014 and 2013. Comprehensive (Loss)/Income (k)Comprehensive (Loss)/Income The Company does not have any comprehensive income other than the revenue and expense items included in the statements of operations. As a result, comprehensive (loss)/income equals net (loss)/income for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Finance Leases (l)Finance Leases The lease for one of the Company’s aircraft contained a lessee purchase option at a price substantially below the asset's estimated residual value at the exercise date for the option. Consequently, the Company considered the purchase option to be a “bargain purchase option” and classified the lease as a finance lease for financial accounting purposes. The Company does not include the value, purchase price or accumulated depreciation of finance lease assets on its balance sheet. Instead, the discounted present value of (i) future minimum lease payments (including the bargain purchase option) and (ii) any residual value not subject to a bargain purchase option are reported as a finance lease receivable. Rental revenue and depreciation expense are not recognized on finance leases. Rather, the Company accrues interest on the balance of the finance lease receivable based on the interest rate inherent in the applicable lease. The aircraft that was subject to a finance lease was sold to the lessee during 2014. Two engines that were previously subject to finance leases were returned to the Company during 2014 and the finance lease receivable balances were reclassified to aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease on the Company’s balance sheet. The Company recognized interest earned on finance leases as “other income” in the amount of $150,000 and $175,700 in 2014 and 2013, respectively. Recent Accounting Pronouncements (m)Recent Accounting Pronouncements On May 28, 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09 (the "ASU") that created the new Topic 606 in the Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC"). The ASU also included numerous conforming additions and amendments to other Topics within the ASC. Topic 606 establishes new rules that affect the amount and timing of revenue recognition for contracts with customers, but does not affect lease accounting and reporting. As such, adoption of these provisions will not affect the Company's lease revenues but may affect the reporting of other of the Company's revenues. The provisions included in the ASU are effective for years commencing after December 15, 2016, cannot be adopted early, and may be reflected using either a full retrospective method or a simplified method that does not recast prior periods but does disclose the effect of the adoption on the current period financial statements. The Company has not determined either the potential impact on its financial statements nor the method it will elect to use in connection with the adoption of the changes included in the ASU. On August 27, 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-15, "Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern," which added Subtopic 205-40 to the ASC (the "Subtopic"). This Subtopic requires management to determine whether substantial doubt exists concerning the reporting entity's ability to continue as a going concern, in which case certain disclosures will be required. The Subtopic affects financial statement presentation but not methods of accounting, and is effective on a prospective basis for annual periods ending after December 2016 and each reporting period thereafter, although early adoption is permitted. The Company has not early adopted the Subtopic. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for security deposits, i.e. money paid in advance to protect the provider of a product or service, such as a lessor, against damage or nonpayment by the buyer or tenant (lessee) during the term of the agreement. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_SecurityDepositsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4273-108586 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 305 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6375392&loc=d3e26790-107797 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 203 -Paragraph 02-03 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for comprehensive income. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for deferral and amortization of significant deferred charges. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredChargesPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for fair value measurements of financial and non-financial assets, liabilities and instruments classified in shareholders' equity. Disclosures include, but are not limited to, how an entity that manages a group of financial assets and liabilities on the basis of its net exposure measures the fair value of those assets and liabilities. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section CC -Subsection 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6390181&loc=d3e202-110218 + Details Name: us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32840-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6423966&loc=d3e40913-109327 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32809-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32247-109318 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32280-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangements (both lessor and lessee). This disclosure may address (1) lease classification (that is, operating versus capital), (2) how the term of a lease is determined (for example, the circumstances in which a renewal option is considered part of the lease term), (3) how rental revenue or expense is recognized for a lease that contains rent escalations, (4) an entity's accounting treatment for deferred rent, including that which arises from lease incentives, rent abatements, rent holidays, or tenant allowances (5) an entity's accounting treatment for contingent rental payments and (6) an entity's policy for reviewing, at least annually, the residual values of sales-type and direct-finance leases. The disclosure also may indicate how the entity accounts for its capital leases, leveraged leases or sale-leaseback transactions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6455398&loc=d3e45280-112737 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453394&loc=d3e39740-112701 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 40 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6482485&loc=d3e14754-158437 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 40 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6456037&loc=d3e48589-112741 + Details Name: us-gaap_LeasePolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions, the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example, delivery of multiple products, services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section B -Paragraph Question 1 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18823-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6143-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6132-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6061-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_UseOfEstimates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 35 R36.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (Details) (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Jun. 30, 2014 Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Notes payable and accrued interest [Abstract] Notes payable and accrued interest $ 133,590,600 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest $ 77,527,300 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest Credit Facility [Abstract] Impairment charges 11,718,700 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges 6,800,000 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges 18,736,500 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Credit Facility [Member] Notes payable and accrued interest [Abstract] Credit Facility principal 133,400,000 us-gaap_LineOfCredit / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember 77,500,000 us-gaap_LineOfCredit / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Credit Facility accrued interest 190,600 us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember 27,300 us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Notes payable and accrued interest 133,590,600 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember 77,527,300 acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Credit Facility [Abstract] Credit facility, borrowing capacity replaced 130,000,000 acy_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityReplaced / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Credit facility maximum borrowing capacity 180,000,000 us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Expiration date May 31, 2019 Credit facility 150,000,000 us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Number of participant lenders departed 2 acy_NumberOfLendersDeparted / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Credit facility maximum borrowing capacity replaced 200,000,000 acy_CreditFacilityMaxReplaced / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Unused amount of the credit facility $ 16,600,000 us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember $ 52,500,000 us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Weighted average interest rate on credit facility (in hundredths) 3.58% us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember 3.94% us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate / us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis = us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember X - Definition This represents the prior maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_CreditFacilityMaxReplaced Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Maximum borrowing capacity under the previous credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacityReplaced Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Including the current and noncurrent portions, aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable, as of the balance-sheet date, with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle, if longer. Also, includes the carrying value as of the balance sheet date of [accrued] interest payable on all forms of debt that has been incurred and is unpaid. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: acy_NotesPayableAndAccruedInterestsAbstract Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Represents number of participant lenders departed. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_NumberOfLendersDeparted Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes, but is not limited to, losses from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Weighted average interest rate of debt outstanding. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of interest payable on debt, including, but not limited to, trade payables. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.15(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.15(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph a -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph 5 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.16) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current borrowing capacity under the credit facility considering any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed (for example, borrowings may be limited by the amount of current assets), but without considering any amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCurrentBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Date the credit facility terminates, in CCYY-MM-DD format. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 36 R24.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale [Abstract] Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company’s aircraft and aircraft engines, which were on lease or held for lease, consisted of the following: December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 Number % of net Number % of net Model owned book value owned book value Bombardier Dash-8-300 8 17 % 9 23 % Bombardier CRJ-700 3 16 % - - Bombardier CRJ-900 2 16 % - - Bombardier Dash-8-Q400 3 13 % 3 17 % ATR 42-600 1 9 % - - Bombardier CRJ-705 1 9 % 1 12 % Saab 340B Plus 6 7 % 6 8 % Fokker 50 6 5 % 10 10 % General Electric CF34-8E5 engine 2 4 % 3 6 % Fokker 100 2 3 % 7 19 % Saab 340B 1 1 % 4 4 % Tay 650-15 engine 1 - 1 1 % General Electric CT7-9B engine 2 - 2 - Saab 340A - - 1 - X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of lessor's property under leasing agreements and property available for lease (not currently under lease) by property class, the gross amount, accumulated depreciation and net amount of as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 37 Show.js IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /** * Rivet Software Inc. * * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software, Inc. All rights reserved. * Version 2.4.0.3 * */ var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null, Show.hideAR = function(){ Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
}; Show.showAR = function ( link, id, win ){ if( Show.LastAR ){ Show.hideAR(); } var ref = link; do { ref = ref.nextSibling; } while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE'); if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') { var tmp = win ? win.document.getElementById(id) : document.getElementById(id); if( tmp ){ ref = tmp.cloneNode(true); ref.id = ''; link.parentNode.appendChild(ref); } } if( ref ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; Show.LastAR = ref; }
}; Show.toggleNext = function( link ){ var ref = link; do{ ref = ref.nextSibling; }while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' ); if( ref.style && ref.style.display && ref.style.display == 'none' ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+', '-' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+', '-' ); } }else{ ref.style.display = 'none'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-', '+' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-', '+' ); } }
}; XML 38 R7.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statements of Cash Flows (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Operating activities: Net (loss)/income $ (11,294,000) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets (3,147,200) us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets (3,808,200) us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets Depreciation 7,299,000 us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction 7,363,100 us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 18,736,500 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Non-cash interest 950,100 us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense 1,113,600 us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense Deferred income taxes (5,952,600) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 4,321,300 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (498,000) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable (96,100) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable Finance lease receivable 1,895,200 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables 246,000 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables Income taxes receivable 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable 2,000 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable Prepaid expenses and other 486,700 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets (772,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Accounts payable and accrued expenses (132,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities (23,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities Accrued interest on notes payable 163,300 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet (38,400) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (1,313,700) acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts (9,128,800) acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts Security deposits (2,167,700) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits (525,200) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits Unearned revenue 210,200 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent (105,700) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent Income taxes payable 0 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable (19,100) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable Net cash provided by operating activities 5,235,400 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations 6,872,600 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 15,854,800 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets 10,018,700 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 312,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment 945,100 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines (74,529,000) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment (24,965,500) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment Net cash used in investing activities (58,362,100) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations (14,001,700) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 71,100,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit 19,000,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit Repayments of Credit Facility (15,200,000) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit (9,300,000) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit Debt issuance costs (3,045,500) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts (2,055,000) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts Net cash provided by financing activities 52,854,500 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations 7,645,000 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents (272,200) us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease 515,900 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 1,596,800 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 1,840,500 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue $ 2,112,700 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount of maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs, which include 1) refundable maintenance payments billed to lessees, which are paid as maintenance is performed or at end of lease, 2) for lessees who pay non-refundable maintenance reserves, estimated maintenance costs accrued at the time a reimbursement claim or sufficient information is received regarding maintenance work performed, and 3) maintenance for work performed for off-lease aircraft. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_IncreaseDecreaseMaintenanceReservesAndAccruedCosts Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes, but is not limited to, losses from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of nonproduction tangible assets over their useful lives. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepreciationNonproduction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, excluding oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2941-110230 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount due for taxes based on the reporting entity's earnings or attributable to the entity's income earning process (business presence) within a given jurisdiction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedIncomeTaxesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the period in the amount of customer money held in customer accounts, including security deposits, collateral for a current or future transactions, initial payment of the cost of acquisition or for the right to enter into a contract or agreement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInCustomerDeposits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in outstanding loans including accrued interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFinanceReceivables Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable, which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in interest payable, which represents the amount owed to note holders, bond holders, and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInterestPayableNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingAssetsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows, for example, deferred expenses, intangible assets, or income taxes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) of consideration paid in advance for rent that provides economic benefits in future periods. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidRent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities, excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities, excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Other expenses or losses included in net income that result in no cash outflows or inflows in the period and are not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNoncashExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for acquisition of or capital improvements of property, plant and equipment, used to produce goods or deliver services, and not otherwise defined in the taxonomy. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3213-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the sale of property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures), software, and other intangible assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration XML 39 R3.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Assets: Accounts receivable, deferred rent $ 111,300 us-gaap_DeferredRentReceivablesNet $ 217,200 us-gaap_DeferredRentReceivablesNet Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, accumulated depreciation $ 38,962,800 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAccumulatedDepreciation $ 50,679,300 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAccumulatedDepreciation Stockholders' equity: Preferred stock, par value (in dollars per share) $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Preferred stock, authorized (in shares) 2,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized 2,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Preferred stock, issued (in shares) 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Preferred stock, outstanding (in shares) 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Common stock, par value (in dollars per share) $ 0.001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Common stock, authorized (in shares) 10,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Common stock, issued (in shares) 1,606,557 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued 1,606,557 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Common stock, outstanding (in shares) 1,606,557 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding 1,606,557 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Treasury stock (in shares) 63,300 us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares 63,300 us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares X - Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative difference between the rental payments required by a lease agreement and the rental income or expense recognized on a straight-line basis, or other systematic and rational basis more representative of the time pattern in which use or benefit is granted or derived from the leased property, expected to be recognized in income or expense over the term of the leased property, by the lessor or lessee, respectively. Such receivable is reduced by allowances attributable to, for instance, credit risk associated with a lessee. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453741&loc=d3e40879-112712 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 25 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7501430&loc=d3e39927-112707 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7501430&loc=d3e39896-112707 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredRentReceivablesNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount of accumulated depreciation, by major property class, recorded on property subject to or available for lease as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453916&loc=d3e41460-112716 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAccumulatedDepreciation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28,29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant XML 40 R17.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Income Taxes [Abstract] Income Taxes 9. Income Taxes The items comprising the income tax provision are as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Current tax provision: Federal $ - $ - State 800 800 Foreign - 7,100 Current tax provision 800 7,900 Deferred tax (benefit)/provision: Federal (5,854,400 ) 4,478,800 State (98,200 ) 1,100 Decrease in valuation allowance - (158,600 ) Deferred tax (benefit)/provision (5,952,600 ) 4,321,300 Total income tax (benefit)/provision $ (5,951,800 ) $ 4,329,200 Total income tax expense differs from the amount that would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate to pretax earnings as illustrated below: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Income tax (benefit)/provision at statutory federal income tax rate $ (5,863,600 ) $ 4,308,900 State tax (benefit)/provision, net of federal benefit (97,500 ) 19,400 Prior year withholding tax adjustment - 174,600 Decrease in valuation allowance - (158,600 ) Other 9,300 (15,100 ) Total income tax (benefit)/provision $ (5,951,800 ) $ 4,329,200 Temporary differences and carry-forwards that give rise to a significant portion of deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 were as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Deferred tax assets: Maintenance reserves $ 2,138,900 $ 1,813,900 Foreign tax credit carryover - 1,210,900 Alternative minimum tax credit 10,800 100,800 Bad debt allowance and other 961,100 490,100 Deferred tax assets 3,110,800 3,615,700 Deferred tax liabilities: Accumulated depreciation on aircraft and aircraft engines (10,450,000 ) (17,540,000 ) Minimum lease payments receivable - (649,500 ) Deferred income (1,282,100 ) - Net deferred tax liabilities $ (8,621,300 ) $ (14,573,800 ) All foreign tax credit carryovers were used to offset federal tax expense in 2014. The foreign tax credit carryovers are expected to expire between 2016 and 2022. A significant portion of the alternative minimum tax credit was used to offset federal tax expense in the current year. The remaining alternative minimum tax credit will be available to offset federal tax expense in excess of the alternative minimum tax in future years and does not expire. At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company had no material uncertain tax positions. The Company accounts for interest related to uncertain tax positions as interest expense, and for income tax penalties as tax expense. All of the Company's tax years remain open to examination other than as barred in the various jurisdictions by statutes of limitation. X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 41 R1.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Document and Entity Information (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Mar. 12, 2015 Jun. 30, 2014 Document and Entity Information [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name AEROCENTURY CORP Entity Central Index Key 0001036848 Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31 Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer No Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Filer Category Smaller Reporting Company Entity Public Float $ 15,332,400 dei_EntityPublicFloat Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 1,543,257 dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Document Fiscal Year Focus 2014 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY Document Type 10-K Amendment Flag false Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2014 X - Details Name: acy_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition If the value is true, then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word "Other". + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFilerCategory Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:filerCategoryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityPublicFloat Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 42 R18.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Computation of Earnings Per Share 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Computation of Earnings Per Share [Abstract] Computation of Earnings Per Share 10.Computation of Earnings Per Share Basic and diluted earnings per share are calculated as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 (As adjusted) Net (loss)/income $ (11,294,000 ) $ 8,343,900 Weighted average shares outstanding for the period 1,543,257 1,543,257 Dilutive effect of warrants - 43,779 Weighted average diluted shares used in calculation of diluted (loss)/earnings per share 1,543,257 1,587,036 Basic (loss)/earnings per share $ (7.32 ) $ 5.41 Diluted (loss)/earnings per share $ (7.32 ) $ 5.26 Basic earnings per common share is computed using net income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per common share are computed using net income and the weighted average number of common shares outstanding, assuming dilution. Weighted average common shares outstanding, assuming dilution, include potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period. Potentially dilutive common shares include the assumed exercise of warrants using the treasury stock method. For the year ended December 31, 2014, warrants for 81,224 shares were not included in the calculation of diluted loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for earnings per share. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1278-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32703322&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 43 R4.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statements of Operations (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Revenues and other income: Operating lease revenue, net $ 21,913,300 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue $ 18,794,200 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue Maintenance reserves revenue, net 3,393,600 us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue 14,910,400 us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue Net gain on disposal of assets 3,147,200 us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets 3,808,200 us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets Other income 252,400 us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet 718,800 us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet Total Income 28,706,500 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet 38,231,600 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Expenses: Provision for impairment in value of aircraft 18,736,500 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges 0 us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Maintenance 7,478,400 us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts 6,962,400 us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts Depreciation 7,299,000 us-gaap_Depreciation 7,363,100 us-gaap_Depreciation Management fees, net of approximately $1,200,000 of fees waived by JMC in 2014 3,864,900 us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts 4,369,300 us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts Interest 5,134,200 us-gaap_InterestExpense 4,075,000 us-gaap_InterestExpense Professional fees, general and administrative and other 1,718,800 acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther 1,174,500 acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther Insurance 1,255,300 us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense 1,166,400 us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense Other taxes 465,200 us-gaap_TaxesOther 90,200 us-gaap_TaxesOther Bad debt expense 0 us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts 357,600 us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts Total expenses 45,952,300 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses 25,558,500 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses (Loss)/income before income tax provision (17,245,800) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments 12,673,100 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Income tax (benefit)/provision (5,951,800) us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 4,329,200 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Net (loss)/income $ (11,294,000) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ 8,343,900 us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss (Loss)/earnings per share: Basic (in dollars per share) $ (7.32) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic $ 5.41 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Diluted (in dollars per share) $ (7.32) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted $ 5.26 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Weighted average shares used in (loss)/earnings per share computations: Basic (in shares) 1,543,257 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic 1,543,257 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Diluted (in shares) 1,543,257 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding 1,587,036 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding X - Definition The aggregate total of expenses of managing, administering, and the sum of expenses not otherwise specified in the taxonomy for the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. Also, a fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors, lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_ProfessionalFeesGeneralAndAdministrativeAndOther Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes, but is not limited to, losses from tangible assets, intangible assets and goodwill. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetImpairmentCharges Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate costs related to asset management during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(d)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetManagementCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_Depreciation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 52 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32703322&loc=d3e4984-109258 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1252-109256 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 18 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 21 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, excluding oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2941-110230 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The expense in the period incurred with respect to protection provided by insurance entities against risks other than risks associated with production (which are allocated to cost of sales). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GeneralInsuranceExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments, income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 9 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Costs incurred and are directly related to generating maintenance revenues. Also includes cost of maintenance on client contracts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_MaintenanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Revenue derived from maintenance services provided under contracts or arrangements with clients. For example, it may include the maintenance of software, plant and equipment, and facilities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(d)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_MaintenanceRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The total amount of revenue recognized for the period from operating leases, including minimum lease revenue, contingent revenue, percentage revenue and sublease revenue. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7501430&loc=d3e39896-112707 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Revenues from the sale of other goods or rendering of other services, not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy; net of (reduced by) sales adjustments, returns, allowances, and discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a),(d)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherSalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of expense related to write-down of receivables to the amount expected to be collected. Includes, but is not limited to, accounts receivable and notes receivable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.5) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 5 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Taxes, excluding payroll, income and excise taxes, if not included elsewhere, that could include production, real and personal property, and other selling and distribution-related taxes. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_TaxesOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1505-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1448-109256 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6528421 + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 44 R12.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs [Abstract] Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs 4.Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs Maintenance costs under the Company’s triple net leases are generally the responsibility of the lessees. Most of the Company’s leases require payment of maintenance reserves, which are based upon lessee-reported usage and billed monthly, and are intended to accumulate and be applied by the Company toward reimbursement of most or all of the cost of the lessees’ performance of certain maintenance obligations under the leases. Maintenance reserves are characterized as either refundable or non-refundable depending on their disposition at lease-end. The Company retains non-refundable maintenance reserves at lease-end, even if the lessee has met all of its obligations under the lease, including any return conditions applicable to the leased asset, while refundable reserves are returned to the lessee under such circumstances. The liabilities for maintenance reserves in the accompanying balance sheets include both refundable and non-refundable maintenance reserves payments billed to and received from lessees. These amounts are paid out as related maintenance is performed and, in the case of refundable reserves, at the end of the lease. Such payments reduce the associated maintenance reserve liability. Any reserves retained by the Company at lease end are recorded as revenue at that time. Accrued maintenance costs include (i) maintenance for work performed for off-lease aircraft, which is not related to the release of reserves received from lessees and (ii) lessor maintenance obligations assumed upon acquisition of aircraft subject to a lease with such provisions. Maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. X - Definition The entire disclosure of maintenance cost accrual and customer reserve deposit policy. This disclosure may also include schedules detailing the current periods' activity within the account. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_MaintenanceAndAccruedCostsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: acy_MaintenanceReservesAndAccruedMaintenanceCostsAbstract Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 45 R11.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale [Abstract] Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale 3.Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (a)Assets Held for Lease At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company’s aircraft and aircraft engines, which were on lease or held for lease, consisted of the following: December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 Number % of net Number % of net Model owned book value owned book value Bombardier Dash-8-300 8 17 % 9 23 % Bombardier CRJ-700 3 16 % - - Bombardier CRJ-900 2 16 % - - Bombardier Dash-8-Q400 3 13 % 3 17 % ATR 42-600 1 9 % - - Bombardier CRJ-705 1 9 % 1 12 % Saab 340B Plus 6 7 % 6 8 % Fokker 50 6 5 % 10 10 % General Electric CF34-8E5 engine 2 4 % 3 6 % Fokker 100 2 3 % 7 19 % Saab 340B 1 1 % 4 4 % Tay 650-15 engine 1 - 1 1 % General Electric CT7-9B engine 2 - 2 - Saab 340A - - 1 - Assets subject to finance leases are not included in the net book value of assets held for lease. Therefore, the Company’s single Saab 340A aircraft and two General Electric CT7-9B engines, which were subject to finance leases in 2013, are not included in the net book value calculation as of December 31, 2013. During 2014, based on appraised values, the Company recorded impairment charges on assets held for lease totaling $2,906,400 and $217,800 on two Fokker 100 and two Fokker 50 aircraft, respectively. During 2014 and 2013, the Company used cash of $74,529,000 and $24,965,500, respectively, for the purchase and capital improvement of aircraft and engines. During 2014, the Company recorded net gains totaling $3,147,200 from the sale of three Fokker 50 aircraft, five Saab 340B aircraft, one Bombardier Dash-8-300 aircraft and one General Electric CF34-8E5 engine. During 2013, the Company recorded net gains totaling $4,504,200 from the sale of three Fokker 50 aircraft, a deHavilland DHC-8-100 aircraft, a deHavilland DHC-6 aircraft and a General Electric CT7-9B engine. The Company also leased an engine pursuant to a finance lease in 2013 and recorded a gain of $73,300. In addition, the Company recorded a loss of $769,300 in 2013 on the disposal of a Tay 650-15 engine, which was replaced by one of the Company's spare engines. During 2014, the Company extended the leases for nine of its assets and leased two assets that had been off lease at December 31, 2013. In May 2014, six Saab 340B Plus aircraft and two General Electric CT7-9B engines were returned by a customer when it ceased operations. Two of the aircraft have been re-leased. (a)Assets Held for Lease (continued) Ten of the Company’s assets that are held for lease were off lease at December 31, 2014, representing 10% of the net book value of the Company’s aircraft and engines held for lease. Such assets were comprised of four Saab 340B Plus aircraft, one Saab 340B aircraft, and five engines. (b)Assets Held for Sale Assets held for sale include two Saab 340B airframes, which are being sold in parts, as well as five Fokker 100 aircraft and a Fokker 50 aircraft. During 2014 and 2013, the Company received $312,100 and $945,100, respectively, from the sale of parts belonging to the two airframes, which proceeds reduced their carrying value. During 2014, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling $15,278,900 and $333,400 related to five Fokker 100 aircraft and one Fokker 50 aircraft, respectively. At December 31, 2014, five of the Fokker 100 aircraft and one of the Fokker 50 aircraft were classified as held for sale on the Company's balance sheet. As discussed in Note 13, the Company sold the Fokker 50 aircraft in March 2015. X - Details Name: us-gaap_LeasesOperatingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for operating leases of a lessor. This may include a general description of lessor's leasing arrangements for operating leases, including the basis on which contingent rental payments are determined, the existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses, restrictions imposed by lease arrangements, such as those concerning dividends, additional debt, and further leasing, rent holidays, rent concessions, or leasehold improvement incentives and unusual provisions or conditions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6452767&loc=d3e37045-112695 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 932 -SubTopic 235 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8451039&loc=d3e61901-109447 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453916&loc=d3e41460-112716 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453916&loc=d3e41457-112716 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6452767&loc=d3e37051-112695 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesOfLessorDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 46 R23.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Change in Accounting Principle (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Change in Accounting Principle [Abstract] Schedule of Error Corrections and Prior Period Adjustments The effects on the Company’s balance sheet at December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,112,700 $ 2,112,700 $ - Accounts receivable, net 3,313,700 3,303,800 (9,900 ) Finance leases receivable 1,895,200 1,895,200 - Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 152,375,200 152,954,600 579,400 Assets held for sale 735,000 735,000 - Prepaid expenses and other 3,633,000 3,633,000 - Total assets $ 164,064,800 $ 164,634,300 $ 569,500 Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 1,175,300 $ 1,202,700 $ 27,400 Notes payable and accrued interest 77,527,300 77,527,300 - Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs 13,254,100 18,283,900 5,029,800 Security deposits 6,265,000 6,265,000 - Unearned revenues 646,700 646,700 - Deferred income taxes 16,099,700 14,573,800 (1,525,900 ) Total liabilities 114,968,100 118,499,400 3,531,300 Preferred stock - - - Common stock 1,600 1,600 - Paid-in capital 14,780,100 14,780,100 - Retained earnings 34,819,100 31,857,300 (2,961,800 ) Treasury stock (504,100 ) (504,100 ) - Total stockholders’ equity 49,096,700 46,134,900 (2,961,800 ) Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 164,064,800 $ 164,634,300 $ 569,500 The effects on the Company’s statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Operating lease revenue, net $ 18,794,200 $ 18,794,200 $ - Maintenance reserves income, net 8,878,300 14,910,400 6,032,100 Gain on disposal of assets and other income 4,527,000 4,527,000 - 32,199,500 38,231,600 6,032,100 Maintenance 8,765,000 6,962,400 (1,802,600 ) Depreciation 7,312,500 7,363,100 50,600 Management fees 4,352,400 4,369,300 16,900 Interest 4,075,000 4,075,000 - Professional fees, general and administrative and other 1,532,100 1,532,100 - Insurance 1,166,400 1,166,400 - Other taxes 90,200 90,200 - 27,293,600 25,558,500 (1,735,100 ) Income before taxes 4,905,900 12,673,100 7,767,200 Tax provision 1,688,400 4,329,200 2,640,800 Net income $ 3,217,500 $ 8,343,900 $ 5,126,400 Earnings per share: Basic $ 2.08 $ 5.41 $ 3.33 Diluted $ 2.03 $ 5.26 $ 3.23 The effects on the Company’s statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Operating activities: Net income $ 3,217,500 $ 8,343,900 $ 5,126,400 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets (3,808,200 ) (3,808,200 ) - Depreciation 7,312,500 7,363,100 50,600 Non-cash interest 1,113,600 1,113,600 - Deferred income taxes 1,680,500 4,321,300 2,640,800 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (106,000 ) (96,100 ) 9,900 Finance lease receivable 246,000 246,000 - Income taxes receivable 2,000 2,000 - Prepaid expenses and other (772,400 ) (772,400 ) - Accounts payable and accrued expenses (40,300 ) (23,400 ) 16,900 Accrued interest on notes payable (38,400 ) (38,400 ) - Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (1,284,200 ) (9,128,800 ) (7,844,600 ) Security deposits (525,200 ) (525,200 ) - Unearned revenue (105,700 ) (105,700 ) - Income taxes payable (19,100 ) (19,100 ) - Net cash provided by operating activities 6,872,600 6,872,600 - Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 10,018,700 10,018,700 - Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 945,100 945,100 - Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines (24,965,500 ) (24,965,500 ) - Net cash used in investing activities (14,001,700 ) (14,001,700 ) - Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 19,000,000 19,000,000 - Repayments of Credit Facility (9,300,000 ) (9,300,000 ) - Debt issuance costs (2,055,000 ) (2,055,000 ) - Net cash provided by financing activities 7,645,000 7,645,000 - Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 515,900 515,900 - Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 1,596,800 1,596,800 - Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 2,112,700 $ 2,112,700 $ - X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of prior period adjustments to previously issued financial statements including (1) the effect of the correction on each financial statement line item and any per-share amounts affected for each prior period presented (2) the cumulative effect of the change on retained earnings or other appropriate components of equity or net assets in the statement of financial position, as of the beginning of the earliest period presented, and (3) the effect of the prior period adjustments (both gross and net of applicable income tax) on the net income of each prior period presented in the entity's annual report for the year in which the adjustments are made. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22644-107794 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22663-107794 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22658-107794 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfErrorCorrectionsAndPriorPeriodAdjustmentsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 47 R19.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Related Party Transactions 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Related Party Transactions [Abstract] Related Party Transactions 11. Related Party Transactions The Company’s portfolio of leased aircraft assets is managed and administered under the terms of a management agreement with JetFleet Management Corp. (“JMC”), which is an integrated aircraft management, marketing and financing business and a subsidiary of JetFleet Holding Corp. ("JHC"). Certain officers of the Company are also officers of JHC and JMC and hold significant ownership positions in both JHC and the Company. Under the management agreement, JMC receives a monthly management fee based on the net asset value of the assets under management. Such fee, totaling approximately $1,200,000, was waived by JMC for the fourth quarter of 2014. JMC also receives an acquisition fee for locating assets for the Company. Acquisition fees are included in the cost basis of the asset purchased. JMC may receive a remarketing fee in connection with the re-lease or sale of the Company’s assets. Remarketing fees are amortized over the applicable lease term or included in the gain or loss on sale. Fees incurred during 2014 and 2013 were as follows: For the Years Ended December 31, 2014 2013 Management fees, net of approximately $1,200,000 of fees waived by JMC in 2014 $ 3,864,900 $ 4,369,300 Acquisition fees 2,100,000 799,000 Remarketing fees 64,000 589,300 X - Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph b -Article 3A Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Article 4 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39678-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 48 R15.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Notes Payable and Accrued Interest 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Notes Payable and Accrued Interest [Abstract] Notes Payable and Accrued Interest 7.Notes Payable and Accrued Interest At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company’s notes payable and accrued interest consisted of the following: December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 Credit Facility principal $ 133,400,000 $ 77,500,000 Credit Facility accrued interest 190,600 27,300 $ 133,590,600 $ 77,527,300 The Company's Credit Facility is provided by a syndicate of banks and is secured by all of the assets of the Company, including its aircraft and engine portfolio. In November 2013, the Company obtained a waiver of compliance with a customer concentration covenant under its Credit Facility at the September 30, 2013 and December 31, 2013 calculation dates. The Company was in compliance with all covenants other than the waived covenant under the Credit Facility agreement at December 31, 2013. During May 2014, the Company’s Credit Facility was increased from $130 million to $180 million and extended through May 31, 2019. The Company was out of compliance with a profitability covenant at June 30, 2014, primarily as a result of the Company recording aircraft impairment charges on aircraft totaling $6,800,000 during the quarter then ended. In August 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to an amendment to the profitability covenant, which cured the June 30, 2014 non-compliance. The Company was out of compliance with the profitability, interest coverage and debt service coverage covenants at September 30, 2014, resulting primarily from the Company recording additional aircraft impairment charges on aircraft totaling $11,718,700 during the third quarter of 2014. In November 2014, the Company and the Credit Facility banks agreed to an amendment to the Credit Facility, which cured the September 30, 2014 non-compliance, revised the compliance requirements through September 30, 2015, decreased the amount of the Credit Facility to $150 million due to the departure of two participant lenders, and decreased the maximum amount to which the Credit Facility can be expanded from $200 million to $180 million. The unused amount of the Credit Facility was $16,600,000 and $52,500,000 as of December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on the Credit Facility was 3.58% and 3.94% at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, respectively. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20,22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 49 R13.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Operating Segments 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Operating Segments [Abstract] Operating Segments 5.Operating Segments The Company operates in one business segment, the leasing of regional aircraft to foreign and domestic regional airlines, and therefore does not present separate segment information for lines of business. Approximately 18% and 0% of the Company’s operating lease revenue was derived from lessees domiciled in the United States during 2014 and 2013, respectively. All revenues relating to aircraft leased and operated internationally are denominated and payable in U.S. dollars. The tables below set forth geographic information about the Company’s operating lease revenue for leased aircraft and aircraft equipment, grouped by domicile of the lessee: For the Years Ended December 31, Operating Lease Revenue 2014 2013 North America $ 6,423,700 $ 1,542,000 Africa 5,183,600 5,454,700 Central and South America 3,533,300 4,233,000 Asia 3,460,400 4,149,000 Europe and United Kingdom 2,952,300 3,415,500 Australia 360,000 - $ 21,913,300 $ 18,794,200 December 31, Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 2014 2013 North America $ 65,423,400 $ 17,779,000 Europe and United Kingdom 43,468,700 20,384,700 Africa 28,858,200 29,951,800 Off lease 17,106,000 34,446,300 Asia 16,588,900 31,068,800 Central and South America 10,146,100 19,324,000 Australia 5,171,300 - $ 186,762,600 $ 152,954,600 X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 29 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8864-108599 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 32 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8933-108599 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8844-108599 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8538-108599 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8380-108599 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 34 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8981-108599 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 35 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8984-108599 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 42 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9054-108599 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 31 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8924-108599 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 40 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9031-108599 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 33 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8971-108599 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8595-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 50 R14.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Concentration of Credit Risk 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Concentration of Credit Risk [Abstract] Concentration of Credit Risk 6.Concentration of Credit Risk Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits and receivables. The Company places its deposits with financial institutions and other creditworthy issuers and limits the amount of credit exposure to any one party. For the year ended December 31, 2014 the Company had four significant customers, which accounted for 20%, 18%, 14% and 11%, respectively, of lease revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2013 the Company had four significant customers, which accounted for 23%, 19%, 11% and 10%, respectively, of lease revenue. At December 31, 2014, the Company had receivables from two customers totaling $1,130,000, representing 56% of the Company’s total receivables. The two customers paid the amounts owed in full in early 2015. At December 31, 2013, the Company had receivables from two customers totaling $1,231,500, representing 40% of the Company’s total receivables, all of which was paid in 2014. As of December 31, 2014, minimum future lease revenue payments receivable under noncancelable leases were as follows: Years ending 2015 $ 22,938,700 2016 21,300,400 2017 17,937,600 2018 13,719,200 2019 12,860,000 Thereafter 37,596,300 $ 126,352,200 X - Definition The entire disclosure for any concentrations existing at the date of the financial statements that make an entity vulnerable to a reasonably possible, near-term, severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration, and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6327-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6404-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13531-108611 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 18 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6351-108592 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13537-108611 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6442-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 51 R16.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholder Rights Plan 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Stockholder Rights Plan [Abstract] Stockholder Rights Plan 8.Stockholder Rights Plan In December 2009, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted a stockholder rights plan granting a dividend of one stock purchase right for each share of the Company’s common stock outstanding as of December 18, 2009 and the Company entered into a rights agreement dated December 1, 2009 in connection therewith. The rights become exercisable only upon the occurrence of certain events specified in the rights agreement, including the acquisition of 15% of the Company’s outstanding common stock by a person or group in certain circumstances. Each right allows the holder, other than an “acquiring person,” to purchase one one-hundredth of a share (a unit) of Series A Preferred Stock at an initial purchase price of $97.00 under circumstances described in the rights agreement. The purchase price, the number of units of preferred stock and the type of securities issuable upon exercise of the rights are subject to adjustment. The rights expire at the close of business December 1, 2019 unless earlier redeemed or exchanged. Until a right is exercised, the holder thereof, as such, has no rights as a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote or to receive dividends. X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187143-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section C Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Preferred Stock -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521494 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644 Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21484-112644 Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph d -Article 4 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 52 R34.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Operating Segments (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Segment Dec. 31, 2013 Operating Segments [Abstract] Number of business segments 1 us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments Operating lease revenues derived from lessees domiciled in the United States (in hundredths) 18.00% acy_OperatingLeaseRevenuesAttributedToEntityCountryOfDomicileInPercentage 0.00% acy_OperatingLeaseRevenuesAttributedToEntityCountryOfDomicileInPercentage Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating Lease Revenue $ 21,913,300 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue $ 18,794,200 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 186,762,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet 152,954,600 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet North America [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating Lease Revenue 6,423,700 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_NorthAmericaMember 1,542,000 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_NorthAmericaMember Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 65,423,400 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_NorthAmericaMember 17,779,000 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_NorthAmericaMember Africa [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating Lease Revenue 5,183,600 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_AfricaMember 5,454,700 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_AfricaMember Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 28,858,200 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_AfricaMember 29,951,800 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_AfricaMember Off lease [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 17,106,000 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_OffLeaseMember 34,446,300 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_OffLeaseMember Asia [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating Lease Revenue 3,460,400 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_AsiaMember 4,149,000 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_AsiaMember Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 16,588,900 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_AsiaMember 31,068,800 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = us-gaap_AsiaMember Europe and United Kingdom [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating Lease Revenue 2,952,300 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember 3,415,500 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 43,468,700 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember 20,384,700 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember Central and South America [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating Lease Revenue 3,533,300 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_CentralAndSouthAmericaMember 4,233,000 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_CentralAndSouthAmericaMember Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease 10,146,100 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_CentralAndSouthAmericaMember 19,324,000 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = acy_CentralAndSouthAmericaMember Australia [Member] Segment Reporting Information [Line Items] Operating Lease Revenue 360,000 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = country_AU 0 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = country_AU Net Book Value of Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease $ 5,171,300 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = country_AU $ 0 us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet / us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis = country_AU X - Definition Refers to operating lease revenue was derived from lessees domiciled in the United States. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_OperatingLeaseRevenuesAttributedToEntityCountryOfDomicileInPercentage Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise), (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues, for example, start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:integerItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The total amount of revenue recognized for the period from operating leases, including minimum lease revenue, contingent revenue, percentage revenue and sublease revenue. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7501430&loc=d3e39896-112707 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesIncomeStatementLeaseRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of property, by major property class, net of accumulated depreciation, subject to or available for lease as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6454179&loc=d3e41551-112718 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=acy_CentralAndSouthAmericaMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=acy_EuropeAndUnitedKingdomMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=acy_OffLeaseMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_AU Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_AfricaMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_AsiaMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=us-gaap_NorthAmericaMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 53 R21.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Subsequent Events 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Subsequent Events [Abstract] Subsequent Events 13.Subsequent Events In March 2015, the Company sold a Fokker 50 aircraft that had been classified as held for sale at December 31, 2014 and recorded a gain of approximately $475,000. X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 54 R26.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Concentration of Credit Risk (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Concentration of Credit Risk [Abstract] Future minimum lease payments receivable under noncancelable leases As of December 31, 2014, minimum future lease revenue payments receivable under noncancelable leases were as follows: Years ending 2015 $ 22,938,700 2016 21,300,400 2017 17,937,600 2018 13,719,200 2019 12,860,000 Thereafter 37,596,300 $ 126,352,200 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments receivable in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating and finance leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsReceivableUnderLeasesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RisksAndUncertaintiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 55 R41.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Warrants (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Warrants [Abstract] Number of shares callable by warrants (in shares) 81,224 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights Warrants expiration date Dec. 31, 2015 Percentage of post exercise fully diluted capitalization (in hundredths) 5.00% acy_PercentageOfPostExerciseFullyDilutedCapitalizationOfTheEntity Exercise price of warrants (in dollars per share) $ 8.75 us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 X - Definition Refer to the percentage of warrants capitalized of the post exercise fully diluted of the entity. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_PercentageOfPostExerciseFullyDilutedCapitalizationOfTheEntity Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Expiration date of warrants held. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Article 12 -Section 13 -Sentence Column A + Details Name: invest_InvestmentWarrantsExpirationDate Namespace Prefix: invest_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Exercise price per share or per unit of warrants or rights outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)(4)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightExercisePriceOfWarrantsOrRights1 Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of securities into which the class of warrant or right may be converted. For example, but not limited to, 500,000 warrants may be converted into 1,000,000 shares. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph i -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_ClassOfWarrantOrRightNumberOfSecuritiesCalledByWarrantsOrRights Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 56 R5.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statements of Operations (Parenthetical) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Expenses: Management fee, net waived off by JMC $ 1,200,000 acy_AssetManagementCostsWaived X - Definition The aggregate costs waived off related to asset management during the reporting period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: acy_AssetManagementCostsWaived Namespace Prefix: acy_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 57 R10.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Change in Accounting Principle 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Change in Accounting Principle [Abstract] Change in Accounting Principle 2.Change in Accounting Principle The Company previously adopted the direct expensing method under Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) ASC 908, formerly FASB Staff Position AUG AIR-1, Accounting for Planned Major Maintenance Activities (“FSP AUG AIR-1”) on January 1, 2007. Under FSP AUG AIR-1, non-refundable maintenance reserves were recorded as maintenance reserves revenue (assuming cash was received or collection was reasonably assured), and associated maintenance work was recorded as maintenance expense when the work was performed. During the first quarter of 2014, the Company evaluated its method of accounting for maintenance reserves and lessor maintenance obligations and elected to change its method of accounting to: (i) Recognize non-refundable maintenance reserves as liabilities for deposits against future maintenance reimbursements of maintenance reserves received in the normal course of ongoing leases; (ii) Recognize reimbursements from such collected reserves as disbursements against the liability when claims are submitted for payment against previously collected maintenance reserves; (iii) Reflect as liabilities non-refundable reserves received by the prior lessor upon acquisition of an aircraft, which are claimable by the lessee when maintenance is performed; (iv) Recognize as income non-refundable reserves not refunded to lessees upon termination of the lease and return of the aircraft to the Company in accordance with all lease return requirements; and (v) Record lessor maintenance obligations as liabilities upon acquisition of an aircraft subject to a lease under which the Company assumes the prior lessor’s obligation to pay a portion of a first-time maintenance event. In management’s judgment, the change to this accounting method is preferable in that it will provide the user of the Company’s financial statements a better understanding of the underlying business terms of the Company’s leasing transactions and provide additional clarity with respect to the Company’s sources of income, its non-refundable reserve obligations, and its lessor maintenance obligations. The Company has applied the change in method of accounting for maintenance reserves and lessor maintenance obligations to all prior periods presented within the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles relating to accounting changes. The change in accounting principle resulted in a cumulative net decrease of $8,088,200 in stockholders’ equity as of January 1, 2013. The effects on the Company’s balance sheet at December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,112,700 $ 2,112,700 $ - Accounts receivable, net 3,313,700 3,303,800 (9,900 ) Finance leases receivable 1,895,200 1,895,200 - Aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net 152,375,200 152,954,600 579,400 Assets held for sale 735,000 735,000 - Prepaid expenses and other 3,633,000 3,633,000 - Total assets $ 164,064,800 $ 164,634,300 $ 569,500 Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 1,175,300 $ 1,202,700 $ 27,400 Notes payable and accrued interest 77,527,300 77,527,300 - Maintenance reserves and accrued maintenance costs 13,254,100 18,283,900 5,029,800 Security deposits 6,265,000 6,265,000 - Unearned revenues 646,700 646,700 - Deferred income taxes 16,099,700 14,573,800 (1,525,900 ) Total liabilities 114,968,100 118,499,400 3,531,300 Preferred stock - - - Common stock 1,600 1,600 - Paid-in capital 14,780,100 14,780,100 - Retained earnings 34,819,100 31,857,300 (2,961,800 ) Treasury stock (504,100 ) (504,100 ) - Total stockholders’ equity 49,096,700 46,134,900 (2,961,800 ) Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 164,064,800 $ 164,634,300 $ 569,500 The effects on the Company’s statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Operating lease revenue, net $ 18,794,200 $ 18,794,200 $ - Maintenance reserves income, net 8,878,300 14,910,400 6,032,100 Gain on disposal of assets and other income 4,527,000 4,527,000 - 32,199,500 38,231,600 6,032,100 Maintenance 8,765,000 6,962,400 (1,802,600 ) Depreciation 7,312,500 7,363,100 50,600 Management fees 4,352,400 4,369,300 16,900 Interest 4,075,000 4,075,000 - Professional fees, general and administrative and other 1,532,100 1,532,100 - Insurance 1,166,400 1,166,400 - Other taxes 90,200 90,200 - 27,293,600 25,558,500 (1,735,100 ) Income before taxes 4,905,900 12,673,100 7,767,200 Tax provision 1,688,400 4,329,200 2,640,800 Net income $ 3,217,500 $ 8,343,900 $ 5,126,400 Earnings per share: Basic $ 2.08 $ 5.41 $ 3.33 Diluted $ 2.03 $ 5.26 $ 3.23 The effects on the Company’s statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2013 as a result of the retroactive application of the change in accounting principle in accordance with ASC 250 were as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, 2013 As reported previously As adjusted Effect of change Operating activities: Net income $ 3,217,500 $ 8,343,900 $ 5,126,400 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net gain on disposal of assets (3,808,200 ) (3,808,200 ) - Depreciation 7,312,500 7,363,100 50,600 Non-cash interest 1,113,600 1,113,600 - Deferred income taxes 1,680,500 4,321,300 2,640,800 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable (106,000 ) (96,100 ) 9,900 Finance lease receivable 246,000 246,000 - Income taxes receivable 2,000 2,000 - Prepaid expenses and other (772,400 ) (772,400 ) - Accounts payable and accrued expenses (40,300 ) (23,400 ) 16,900 Accrued interest on notes payable (38,400 ) (38,400 ) - Maintenance reserves and accrued costs (1,284,200 ) (9,128,800 ) (7,844,600 ) Security deposits (525,200 ) (525,200 ) - Unearned revenue (105,700 ) (105,700 ) - Income taxes payable (19,100 ) (19,100 ) - Net cash provided by operating activities 6,872,600 6,872,600 - Investing activities: Proceeds from sale of aircraft and aircraft engines held for lease, net of re-sale fees 10,018,700 10,018,700 - Proceeds from sale of assets held for sale, net of re-sale fees 945,100 945,100 - Purchases of aircraft and aircraft engines (24,965,500 ) (24,965,500 ) - Net cash used in investing activities (14,001,700 ) (14,001,700 ) - Financing activities: Borrowings under Credit Facility 19,000,000 19,000,000 - Repayments of Credit Facility (9,300,000 ) (9,300,000 ) - Debt issuance costs (2,055,000 ) (2,055,000 ) - Net cash provided by financing activities 7,645,000 7,645,000 - Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 515,900 515,900 - Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year 1,596,800 1,596,800 - Cash and cash equivalents, end of year $ 2,112,700 $ 2,112,700 $ - X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for reporting accounting changes and error corrections. It includes the conveyance of information necessary for a user of the Company's financial information to understand all aspects and required disclosure information concerning all changes and error corrections reported in the Company's financial statements for the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 7 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22644-107794 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 23 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6368906&loc=d3e21914-107793 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22595-107794 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22499-107794 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 1.N.Q3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26874127&loc=d3e30840-122693 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 1 -Section N + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration ZIP 58 0001036848-15-000007-xbrl.zip IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 0001036848-15-000007-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`$5T;$9.!IWZ]=D``!C-#@`0`!P`86-Y+3(P,30Q,C,Q+GAM
M;%54"0`#(MP!52+`L``00E#@``!#D!``#L75MSVT:6?M^J_0\]FDDF
MJ2(E@#>)4NPI6I:S3F);) [H!D"`)WF2)!,#S
M$$$R_W^JZ-05:ER.#_ZU^O_
M_J]?_E:M_LI\)FG`7-(=D[= 51":M4_^]\,?M\Z`#6EU
MGA[=O3NMF*:F=1*]3(IR)1HU^W05LU&)207_GJE@MFW%G..^N#^)WD$UNUZU
M[&K=3BJ!GON4CB:U>E1U30_Q"UVE,5O%93R[$WB143P,Y%(>VB?P-BGHA\/L
M@FX@3X+QB)U`"2:Y,ZD@_`WJ"+\Z5\\1H1_(<383\ G4%V!?TF@P>:XILR*1SF
M!Z$L1XQ]G6NMO3I2?#CRM-F89P/)
M>J^.@(9JTM?QHW*/R$G4CO$*H%8_8(\!X>ZK(T>7LVS+#L2$.E-V4AKHY\$X
M?C9YREW]O,>9)(8N-L-,(J/+][\?O;;`TJUZZZQQ]LO)?.6DJY.,ON*>1H!(
MXQ;);+ GE,>
M]2+*H_Z"\IBXX^)(9L8=U[=WQ_67AYRO9/'J=%%O@]Y>3S"ZFI)UDT?9=%E1[.0O:1.4=U^5Z.$:]:\K=]_XE
M'?&`>@>A_I6\'QX4;EA`N 0PV\G;@LTVB,%L)T_93I&1A-G.?K.=(F,'LQU$C8,S.OG*<7:T/HQ)2OZ3
ME/Q``;.,?:YN[5GYF":43NTXJY'/B/^".^1P6J)8$7_/4,"(O\^(OV?E8\0O
MJ=K?42[_3;V0O1E_,`P;T;R3[%NHC],8Y4_*I$JH&Z:/W(!-%!L-&_`_Q<0F
M@B@72.H(DI*`Y"7'#G-SS!TN'4E[P=UXQ")LB*]?F;0MJ^.[T=]-*^+XKP_T
MBY#74D#/X(L]JN*\4RD6J#]`@LR]$Y^"`9,%3SCFA7+TFCKC\^6260>1;?K.
M%G(JTUTJ;9P+7]@O@NA&='\/NO.]K^79T/T_S(/R\I9Z#*']LM!>$#5Z[9?S
MVHCK`\-USOPUYB#%!?0^ -O?F;'ZY")4WOF$C(0/F
M%EO+F=Q.L[9U;!\.`&Z82IYWW"^A"O1?I=;]"HX/1^U7O1YS@D^]RP'U^P4?
M'B[1MW;K66R63,G+#F2CF\^/F\_QE.AF^,$HL8 F]_:I5=OBL=#LUY4
M;YFM5^<==P^BW/J=8?+`[!<57$H+[MS=-&JM -11DUN_\C:OO+B #L(%
MHSI+99UW=-QJVLTKO\_+&4PSP(.T7%EM1BY[+#R^"T_::\6E['[4'8,JK\
MX*P\3D7*J-\9U@["?E&91;3,M3=NHEJ?5ZTY/CBY%@L8HO<1HG.,F&WOYUM_
M;^1GWV4R_F:3N7BSX&N1FU_CN(SS=3`K[(1MGF^6V^Z>P M8EM\E/2HU1(F$1_KH\GL*;5W(I1E!,@R+C'"K$.,KE@[U ,2'L+@L>.[MR(L?]31
MX^55+*-OV+GR3%'S%F.F`]+1^7O6_E[M'QDR1XM
M&Y6_;^7O,V;C:DAY+!F5623+G%N]OA2^8]Q2`)*YX>KKF_$;YCN#(95?X_LW
M/*9NV#WS0W;+Y#UWF/K(8B%$A]TN0Q4(195[FN#:_L#:/2$>DEW3GP;8^O>.8\`:*=!B_I]WD=&X6R.\>Q.1!
ML5&^#%*+'#XGD#>WK65:05^^O2\_3(2_/-;V8V_HPY\Q6RG\I5@%S%;V>T=7
MP7TY(AV1CCY]-=('DN$8=.=8GTH=_?HN_3JB_0#1?JB^O?B7E*Y#UN87E.;0
MQ-"S(]:+[=CW?#]PSOSZ]`[/LLX2YF]>;I?[&%"UI=UO])9U@_?0J@PUR4:U
M?W"??>I=2N8F'!95M8O,34/)(I=EM%Q4[S[5N\,]2:CHG2LZQZ./AG6:H,-J
MUZT]Z/W[Q7FZM3BM=K5NO8PX&Q-QM@HJSL;VXFR]C#BM=N*[K+;V7843)^!L
M6V.'*KN_7,E\8N!3[S803CS'`.TSU;F6K, $SSIMBA82FSJ4F#Y5QCJ`#,
M6#/HN6$>-.U>`U'C.TE]11T]+6/P\Q_*[YG\U'O'DF^V+BNNWHS3;TSMWUCP
MSF,L^$!]VH]T)N2HV/!;(:UH%+DHLN> /9Y
ML3&VA,E4;IC%[7-&Z-Q^TKI9M>HI*&Z"WKDJWX/>T.<1=#\#$N;0-614A9*]
MYDHT:O;I^>?;MTE+R:MTZ[JI94W7EC0=\SR@DJFGMEV?:]OE]P#B>?'I&A_#
M(9,T$`L(VIC7M("S6TQU]Y;Y8LC]U1VND\!\CXN-)F]3?&\BML82E6BS2(SE
MJ2IIKE3W"/Y\:LNM%51?^7WN/[GETU7RT!\$?&K#9RL:OHT\R5.;;J]H.EDS
M>V+;]OSL6KIMG1&`?QS134G_6[7:`49=S2QYY]%^M1J]GI,I32],.50SWR)Z.27/DNT4XRW6]M\(Q\^7DVKCD3%J2,E&1C0E))\I+FYD0 C.
M8U(MTC,I$178EHZYZO/])\BY82,!"/?[1$]KA1ETQ"4G!:-RZ\GY4WOY= @RKZ0XT5BS/OD]7H:;H?4TPU.N;P40[#E<9JRF3;G";H.NY`?@2$+
M&BR2$[TU+S.(T?/V1'L&\\RD'<1E#@>BU*LC\#IVLUZO-2PK34VJR7E:;EB?
MJP#&+0'Y2(=LD9QI`?U^O7@Z5S>?+J\^WGV^^9- D,?6DS"X2(X5"`=>L)U@JY- MG3!85G
MT&5JF`I1\53I!2)A8&/79I586U!BHUYKGL[0O**+15^9=M[OX*'*\I93GVN*
M;.8O9SWE7!-+"8E]]QI2HE(;$O/NSRQ24DTL$J-'+UF]Z^?K.[2MZN^S7>IZ
MDU[>^_=,!::?_U"I0:[(U>.(1_L!9T(6-T7/IS62"M/R&P>P9A+`-FQT&N$_>L$%9-Q$!6,/!M@]*%_MT2'WQN?DGW -\_)Q[K01-#*B%%KNH?Y\0TZG(U\B@TV-5L3TK(J!U3Q#3#?3TO$#TQU-:.
M5XM? Z4E>2D^3O)8UM*::T3+Y`ALQ[XV<5R]V`)=&4C"2[
MYR)4WIA05XP"2+,">.UR#3?"'D=ZC@)D-F3!`%Q+"&V!KX.Q'4@0/$Y*JK?:
M35+I*O)&P/_(3S_2X>CB[V>UFG7QKG/[9O+3OOB9=&XO2=LZJX`D).3_T+LN
MHMOH] $!R`L)R40[GLPR(J835$(
M?9%KC_HZES0;^>!?#B:DF6'`2@"#TX`S932I.]#U9_FXO9X2-2)"H
MT!DD$0)@DX8I,)4JG6!3HRH!\#CR^8Y'^1!*`&15V!WR0+>D@3VB8Y.[)W53
MZ<>TRRPB0^N.#?1&,!2523`/1Y#34.=;R.,4
M4@=I>!*O%50`GAS@K8%I,&J:CAO23;`X:4E#D*?2%H1A*6%X_W/**0(.87PH
MA@O1>P)!7P0D>A[EAA%R5(0^T*)9^XK1%R$+0JM)*"6#.#YYGL!2MY'.;+EO
M,DOI1NDV#P"QGA J%2I.@F(=Y#LV8*/^XZ&ME5M?)G
MQXQZ2\7Q,V#X$&9PWNL(E>QLFA'_E]`UJ[714#D>M!KW`F$L-5R-Q[`ZMIFM
MSL;@S1"!!C#(!5L$AS.20B_7FZ9"%8W#4X"8Z;@WF1-2R2YKZ)!T6:`'\`92
MD[GZN!GST!OK)]U0@;$I9;RGRI[L24D_VTBG0['T!,X*FC7 WB]%,]8/*H-/FM]L80"4:QT2QK6\$`RV%F7!9%DXJ9.\@.*6D#CJ9>=-G5
MAIXY@Y*>VAN`)Z"CD M,9+&*X*T_G%6LJ)TF !'(
MAZ30Q@L*,W!W9G*O-;K/@)Z>FZXUK6C*E>H)&2QA;61(YF\[+=
M9E_=/HS,!>1]?W<:R3A:QK=WTO
M=@T"`7E#WS9(>PD=4;8\:;?K4>>K;AT"@\?=)V2J"Z2G81+EZ,]JM`O&MS()
MAL#V(.GHU5'T_Z5B>0;U+*X9KE98*G%,PQGRVX`]/YC7I"8O!N1-4J)L$-<6
ME)5[;'9T*J!'% 8G1QJ7>\J`'K6;O@QZ-`5MZG+E:53'K
MIOWG4M2\94R2[!]V99N+^ZOF2/C'+GHV0IUTW8Z[KE5LNU8YM:R]V NA_#8!3RJ^8?%=PX]BQ5WDT_>Q"OT>JJJHJ=0,>QNZ4EV94#U2MVN
M%\V_(E#V`A2K7CDK%E`.+!#G`2 !T>G-.+=1^FHC`$YI_9C
M5\[:3;V\G!L3PH",0,&`7%B JGA?/!")7]0*7=;%1:Q8(*ANN=(Z5YVJXTBH"2`QM)FZO54O%9
M41Q$Y]:(3NO-BE4$(T*8($PP(N4?0&?NL"Y6>+Z6;$2YFUP[$YU8$L&`
MR=T'Z57BW!VPUQP^R(/M;4/BLE7)5KV^2Q^^V6&$?<=_1"`B7H:Q 1(9M.J.!:1[Y.OM@5^[2Y2\^>NPP"\;$:'S4+#\XA
M/):=JSS%708Y#,4?1'I::8)5841&I)02*0<6F_,`
ME/+O/"A6=/ZP[&K4)$BG[T9UA,+K9G)K6G:]4FLV*G:Q?#`B90](.:O4SNJY
M.M2,T3J/0&E6K%J[ [TJPU=[G$\S0$;GB9[0$=^X\.T*6^=8S)2HGMU(90T6Z=
M[7+5'K,5Q.`!8.D5).I&`PQF!\X$/A&Q90KK?=
MZ]WWW._CMON\6DZ]43FSVT5SL8B4/2#%KIPU\1H9!,K:[6VU2KMEY^ID^K-_
MEKT,>]DDHRJ4XWU-6.,.CMUM.&U:.[U[YGFVFR+N$'?[Q1UN6,LYB0?QB9J#
MVU]O$I*!\``&*A+66 ><3*"]Z/O``/[&7.B%H+NS->T:#7Z3Z'M+P4WP(OAR"
M#S_%A]C;!_9*\RF^DT!_%F?R*Q6A4_G'?*:0G1;,=9?=U&K&[PSC'X'QFQVE
M,@-&(&]C3J"(\$D`/R_%$3H:>=PQ#2:O
MG0'U^XQP7W\%07]'$'1/1O+_V;OV'K=M+?__`OL=N(,6G0":1`_+C_2VP&0F
MN3=`DPF2=!=%L2@X,CWFC49226DFWD^_AY0?&MMCRP_)E'V*-)%M23P\_)T7
M>0[)HX`GX?1[T=>'(CSR=$@NOUP1U[?)(Q-,-3B(PS!^E*]W'U1XZ%:05VL0
MLH#%F2>LCUT*6!B.0?S+F7VF/\N$!I//VXG%!.^V7?";MW/+]Q!,U*18MVH:
M^`'LAK8=^UF=M":HVW-@$C!U^M9>A?G=6!K_4-+X5DGCUHJH;M)G8[>@/U9'
M3H>,E2N=Z:]#*@2H2"T5;I6,*R^<0$8)DAHOIY<2#&`2B[1!`IH(]L#C3(9K
M9C+FY;$>B&TJFXC]`V*?]I4GNXA]!!("J3R0WNJH!2*&QJC0/*HY!M3OO`C0
MG&AC/A]XKEF"[1ZDW08XU[7P9;4=.!`)-26`XPC@".`(F#`");5S9?Z!H48+
M@7EH8.((X`B8.@(G52Q^DZ\91G?`&2K9Y*@V"VA(5T?$562G-*#(L[+%_Q)Y
M)5VKTVM9KD&UG76G+R%`$"`(D!/ U=]!2--Q+Y-0AV+5 SG,.`+F^-+J\!21SULP6Q@=A`;)P,-D[L!*_"^C/.
M71LJ/EVKT_9Q2A*!LC[PZ+5=7&E&H*S=[E)M=>D:=>1JR9TMCW.%^9HE@@5<
M[[J$9MA0H>E8GN/6.;>-VK6Q0&E[S YNHC4-;OX5WG(228?EW*'+]76W\QB:50IDI-
MR[([.#^-0$&@(%`PM_HX8^)/(AXP*7D ,22EWP^QN(R%@+45`O;L.G=EQ#I4A!_"
M#^%G"OQJ Z: ;AA!4+P
M;_ZF*27+U&H[6PEW2S%V,FX5#:;-RB$V$!N(#<0&KJBO7%%76WR36S:(!3O4
M]#T*4 9%,5G#NJ;>[(L=K=;IWI43A[B0B[C8C@@\W!*.U6[95K>Q"-QQ
M(F&>FE;S_)6/+#W8(6*KV'=@*0!22#_.;D-6`EZ5';*[$6G/'$QAN4[GD&NL
MK4;8"(3>_J'7M;R65^=D&$(/H9?3YEN.6VOIRIZA=V)E_F^IB(![DB1,$#FD
M@KU>[8W@#"2N#.*J,6(#L8'8,"&CX`@F`@JLF5Z]H9('."]PC!ZR^]+N-M0Y
M1M0U%G7^RY:#J$/4U3P'^M+S&HJZO:=4'(EG "12ZX%?,.P%IK__RK5G?\J^[X
M1^CXYYJ2/H>,@#O&@E22."(I?+R*[Q,:C?+>=%VG\[,$XFF:'_`3#TA`Y9`,
MPOA1`O%"/S-B5!`&+^^3:Q:P^ULFB.=8Q+4=CU!)*!%,9J%^7-TO6"IB&N1[
M'R=)R`-]E-_DYV!(HSM&>$1H$,19E,+8DT3P*.!)./U>]-5NC3#HZ9! ;@*GR1@(7A&,2_G-EG^K-,
M:##YO)U83/!NVP5WN.!WF[/GAAGY<1"#`-.!#,=^5C.M2RT;-^?M/P()F#JX
M8Z_B_6XLGW\H^7RKY'-KU50WZ0MZ9'7$U.2DO +KO2F_JHI=G;
M$8F;&+`>6H:P\L32GLZTPIEKZY9(EC`
M=7HSVFLSY:UC>8Z+BP&(D_4X:3=NYWO$2?W+`W:=IU/6$8B7P5)U-CWOE2$&
M_6,<7>B%`JYR`)E,T:J;*86.Y3BU'A.+VAIQ@C@Y6IQ@5'Y,4?F`"`=0$&WNS:&YXB3$H?*.):'.$& _X%)Y#2;]2A?02;4Y2"')
M3:^3$QKU2 D0U?=G69[P"F=D0)&'_0
MN[5AH&ZD3)X[=MNR#?*K,:O))'3TVD:MG2,X#`)'KQG%EAB/[W3UCD=ZR\Z0
M4 FG4$QS,U
M-&U<8#\-ZZX-^:0V7>T;%\4IFYI[M.QFRN>YUT7EC>!`H8F3$ATGX
MZ%C=5LNHW8GF\8$A^TY77UB0"9Z.2)\EL>1HRHT51=_UT9`C.A`=B`X,TM&(
M%Z]^CQ@5$03C@CVP*,-I=D/E\-RQ?:N#6AK1@>A`=)R*#2\?BB>TW^?1W47^
M]6OB)M^GK9^H:7]2UW:H5?15XU*?C-S&HL_$E(C;D`;?%"E$QB'O&R'&FY#X
MG!'HU;E-R=*1-<0P(.H0=8BZ(T9=;2[-=GBK:J[B"+R +5N>81$\"V0,6=@'\D2^M["U[-:(I8H+@EUHA@P8;G1@JF)Q;,MVND:M
MQ=<<1")0$"@(%,S>,'E2H!(?)3^Q;VK.U?=6PWT4=#P:HR9Z+=^H0VK0F"!*
M$"7-1$ES78Y&)5+LZ(5D(AA2M:WQLQ,DXRD&S*0XWG7$(@\1)Y)P]I8Y)UL[H017LN>TC\SJ7=[A#^+&1;HL!RO\)X[+ 8@\=%B.._-D-\\D/^(94SU-G91L4LH68@.Q@=A`;&`BQ4J3^R86(GX$
MDRM)!K\) S3)_
M9@D=W3-UW&(\0+/
M$:EP.QZ0$:.B=O.-11*U%4DXEM]KUWF>/&[)C@!$`"(`C0'@D96);3GM,$]<
MZWC\&0;?FN+)M,R18R"%]./L-F0E4/B#$:0M%V#7 (@^1
M=RS(.YC3LB/B"D[+JU0?C3SY5+3*X^M_O,KDQ1VER>O+((BS2.U7 **_AU__\#T+^\5\7%^.GI/8+/L8I].PS"QAX
M!K=JD^"/++WX^AB3JTQ"UYB0Y,\/[/Z6B?^]N,C?,=>\:E6_9O86G:\`#(2V
M/[/!+V>!:SLMQ_6 TAG)(IX_^;MM.V>DSP)^
M3T/YRYE]]JOC>#;\M\"&Y70 WKH-[_%WZ+8H=)9'09@I`$,3`P98Z/
MD=Y>^0?'<51FMF;3#Z[3L5SU(277\+RBDGB.1=1XZCOFO_4L>)-,%/@>6#AZ
MCG ^!Q)L/16CDK
M(U]?4IHR52+T)6`1%3S6(C;Y,&MLTGX9@?,\Q^LTB;F7?95[!DU4Q]'/3$Z^
MSUM35^68V22DOAT,X)KTX'=\[-+*]Y*.;BU;CX@$C=6M)5RV7X`%&GBNIHJ&Y\'UWEMVVC=)U6IVL[3XA?_O)]
MTU9&->Y,VZ8:;A/:JU%@^^CR>CVTAWYNKV9V[F)Y;;&'?FZN##;HV648QH^Z
MCE*=SG0=9[?I(`O)5&_.G+F%KDV>?!>+R7.++N`V&J%(?JEM>;$CID^]Y\
MH!&]TWC09TPMD*R.UIK= !D
MRVOWO*W)VU03;T%^)0JYY?EN:Y=>KU?&^^OJUCIYM[$MKX_WU]7-U;+3+B]<
MGU1]G03%K349OT\H%[J_8(4>:)@].0!X:2_?3Y\!"L4=VU$W.-V.U_87Z%]H
MI=8>;*0^JB+]7?SM&Q/$&4_ZC#_Z]@R$E_DAB+^I0HP^26-RDPY73NQO-7Y_
M78XI^CI*F(9H3@H0!CY^?NW;>9/Y.@#T,V$B'5V%5.9K`3FE.:%?XYS,4K-J
MCMMR*P/'P3@\KPD.R.'#\?9?+.Q?P*ORTRY-Q:RB$MRJ+T!C*5WLMZ']`R)V
MKURM#*IG'G>U@*JRMCH=+J&N:4MNS/AC`U1
MS=H5`_"MC>M!:]J#]KH>M+OV7![,Z@[D([Z4LB64E%BVLYU.9\G$Q98MEID7
M;K?:7FO1?5AH<9M)AV 83/JMY_#+3L"FTT-;$;]
MYE,`?KNW&$//TTR&H`RU!1QOHW
MH&FIFOR]VGY)O.V[[A+)VJ;Y0_6RA#QW/']1@570R:W4P?Z84(D*J9%W)350
MY0S;6FO5Q:L-E5[E#-MM"6MW)GT=,G(5@T,2C70\_H9*KO?P!LA+N%$_-,\;
M?=/-8);;_"D.>3#*_YYF,Z^=5?UU6576))_[IZ\ZH?LC>R2?54+W3Q;1WUA$
M,L$'X^SO0CKXYG5> ?4V4J\V#ZO>-.Z 9&`&/1/*2G)^E,W[]],(BE%RSD#Y2H18A!:AG
MS2^5BCC^E!\ Q.KP5/PP,]$BP"*N$6
MI3Y"O5E0&JL/#/JK;^C']^HTVF#V?$"%X$S(EZ A(J&5,2SC%4%'0`>`4W,X[Z$
M&[5PYUQ2+Q!]3=(C3X?D\LL5<7W;(FJPU8`^'>VG*FI^GY=\'&8DC2M/-"]T
M[0DI%)_H%EZIUVIME'>]Z[KVSV,:IM\X/[]8`/5BP4LYVS"U/_DIBBR7KF(N
M\;S->3+[\1&":'T.M+*G[Z-KKGHS/9!Q/(FS6W[%QNT=HDME`O)NSW^R_E1%
MQS;TWO?4\6KB_IKXM=9CKY9)VT\OU,&?TEYZM4S:R3G?GB_3'0'TQ=OBC@"Y
M&B5_CO]5^I1HA;J$,W)X&?75/X4W'+V+OO?M& `YT?LB!/\JGF:!="3;M`Z7JW@=PQ;ARUL`%B\FW*'X$W^
MOFF#.KU1AI/O^+T#]7ECWVA_/*G$03HL*TNX397S;VO?Z8"LV\"CJIQ_.[I5
MN_!LWAJ4Z_UE>D6%&(&G]M]Z%7F;6IYNR_;7C_U<2W5UH(0&=1WG:06:41UP
M2XR`WVMWJ^C`7A1\J1&J1)]7-K#;:^M=F+&U C#^`NP8V*0>\$#`Z+@E&>J3BYIW"'G))6"C=V
MZVDV4FFRS>2=5R?ONJIV9"?>O?W.1,#!5T\$#_0,R2/@DZH)EW,>D7X ]&?Q/_M2-^*SFAR9O_:1>.OU1CG^53AD7V2MVUCW[M?NR
MXQ=ZNDVSTUY_S/3>,=!;W2DU#03]5!-/MZ.G#,A_+]?K_*TW@R]J#/.=`N"U
MK/]F-$])F?Z[ CJ6!R\KZ8AAW-,X^&:1A(IQ:G!):=!/?U$/
M?Z+B1FB[TM?"!S'HER%]3MNNP/[[C^_`L+P$L@NCO[Z=`_9H" 2J_\G\DVS=!@+_G^L#[]:;;MM^7YG\J,Z$1F[12#E.#3NX"IO9_8BK8CE^_R1+;P8&,,V,' GCE`SI@]IG467"
M%/G%-:-(K':\("DX`CJA!1Q-%F7YOHSL>P+WPIW@0 %+JL3RC&;P_JM*CLS"UYN@X#_6XC O$O<2*(0(>CG*G7>0_A_R>ZTZS
M<6)?H2.@QG(15:40T'PL/)&146>1SR8#@I1V%YW:-K_PA1;U?]U?I1CY'C_/AT-W5+#5)>X#0V.TNA
M4X)T!>O`Q]W0&
M6:BT$0'L@>J#3OFGJC66#+"WTP"#4V/Y"P/ G,ES:EB\1R7L>\?OL'I"=*J/X1*$!ZT:3[/GI'KN9V@9(E3T&JFXF
M7\\W"\9X5'"5:/+NVV]W+4:)S)Z@Y2;KB6+=%$.I[^BP8%SF_SB&AJSZW
M!^@?DT`.^K[ZG-%J3F;;](A@&&2`4*22!NJ@R"Y!4I//W05UG;*SO8_R?%7R
MHB!-Z215(>TY&@Z#LF>I.1S"]@ZF+37O?I5LI06!RO,L=1JS?E7EV*GM6-*U
M4*GLU-%BR\\<9^M:/:];YWFVU6OAXQ.;-HK-AF< JB_)@J/Y[5 V9W@4XGV DLZE>]YBL3@L:(EN:T:6/)34';^__JI(ZL.V;$NV)$MM
M/KS9M&V)K"I6%8O%^IA@2]C6RL]%[$`3)4%-E:"N/A[RBYK62E!>3U0-?MH:
MXH,8);.`LOH%ZE3_:SE0;'C"IPXQ?T=0--]S;*L10EIE
M^8PS]KIJP.]GBO8^SW$=$M-OCL0`*'MND.IRT14";=?^!7(RZ-9I`F8N:RFR
M\A.__ P#T/78M1P,9_+4?Z)J^;
MX^266_F"=N?N2WG9`/DK9?@%>:09J;\;W7"V7GZ[>DM= \J>;),74$PWRXF@%(URHD\` N]L9']X]K08^H3`J?[%YV'U[1['N^D-.,1?Y"/X8'@V@F=1=L ;X`Z8VSD3ZF\0Z&"+
M"J+O%/_MQK4^>29Q'LCW]R*Q$7"B,SNC#5^1PM;KQ>GRS%RN> J4$Y[)BH3AR*\?7D*"3D)G5C/6'6B-@(
MW\ELSVWPQ=/1PZ"'HD>/*8 O`>(AJ@+Q_+6D2L+^M+)2.1!^1Z=!WJ(+^*RJLW! (225Q;$C XJ$(DZT,L=*"
MFO#83EFI`IF6NZ/52-U`H];8'X+5BC@=Q?2*Z0LQ?>\%,'T%B0S)_M+V(R58<:5;WZ>B=G_JFDJ79?ZQ$BLO
M[6TSDY%9(/H!N``XU?`V?P8V@Z?*'R=0?W2U+]Z3\,EN5\;UI@$!TH%BU9Z)
M_21Z1&(;!,?&NVY1_9S$L:#K1=GATQ-U,5945&+%==DZ!XJZ[O=T&4B_RVBZQO7;)O$EBL8`FPZAB2\0A_V#T.AK@X2`;!!Y\
M'B>?10>00!1&&3+,RCHF0W;F%B`6`R`Q?\1
M@B*5,@IKN&0VS`[88#'EJ%'*AFK&,'*P$'#Q8ZULPR\VXW)CS@%\H`.N7/1S
M4FU[J(]E;SI+\`\._$=(6"`$TA6%];,%+?X+E-Q-^`@4S:CNCNR2)=ER)T+Y
MMD0'!HT`P!8'&C[C.]ETB@KUB\T+GUNC&E:DODYH?JEEV7,RXQ:9]72L">Q(
MY%%$HE@88N6+F/[DET3%`_-N[3)]7;(L S8'@]6(FP]QCF!FP]!'
M!J^[F>;F8&XS*^9I(`$O_[Z#C=-[=8F,O/'.-@=ODVZ#C9&23[8O'T^M(O;X
MMF4W[U@=;PTWT#&^3NKX]6XH63AQG3](=+X5T@@5BV*/%`RRPW>?/=XRQ<8+
M/QC.06V!K30$QZ0G7)#OO+R\G!A&$S3(FMX$&DXI-F@A?)<1FU*WLW-3NF0A
M#]T0:;Q_05$#_&`,T?O`M3VNSP^#;G3=@]M+5E>`70%LZ?8GETQ[$7V)U)?Z
M,-:=C!^XW)V+T7LS&(M^,KTW$VR$4R!\?/OWF"\3I(]@+2`-+TR23/I%R?-.SJC#+>O6[$GZYKHCZ?]6_Z[-P1;O"M?
M57TNCU`_5X^OXR60G=[`X+GU?-EX#;N4VCS-0/M`J7^A2EK0`XZW(2<4=U2X
M+BI/D%UN`'.[=A83D#`T<21=>03VP@/[!KL,H\TK+$K*%M%&RU\/_ ",[D9KQC+7WQ%@VO,VH2-B`[[!)YP)DCMG$
MT5.3@+P3Q/P:0UCD^)D&[6'L\SH)]I#E*+ABWIQ13'[V6&3&S$!W"NQEEU%+
M(PD*N1P^63O@/GVSK=)D:]&`?-]NZAP]%&>Z?;+%R ^C,]!*7?7 E
MX5T\]^S:&'0'D^,1EMG(A1)UHY?ENY4D'5\/QH-^/PNO_;.>%E@K"E.-WIN,NUEH
MYIFY03@7TH^&41[&B-H-#^30X;@=[$(*'A-/I0P:>/R8'H/[5I81AZ$94TFL7N%&AKB-H:@S[W4PQD&.6!TR>6B3]8>;!YS`L
M1^[,>V&MILK(*2CFWEJ/P>OX^B%'HU1X;SP&KY,J@^S")58HW]##]"W=$WR/
M6L&'4\\>J08-(UL);H]>/;@YA+IKC'8HF,/@IM7UWYCG[U0ZL2KE3QU#U1[L
MC?NU-!^Z.AASD+(W-`:9HK8#QK=$!E40+.#![_+10N&AAO.,!=4=0 N@3D/(@)_1-_)D:)Q
MP#"+1CEF-F;@'&>]>U4@+*LHIE"4S/Q
M;;RI.Q+A:,@C%K4X=G*R@2.;`:DTII4Y3NH:5C/'R\(8Q-/]X
M#-L>/%/ORC?3+Y:W9/OG.3M>N DC(,8OSJ\*AEV#_>_Q':
M2QP@'Y;1$'P`T-[QZ\?ITCY62#R([ 7#;AOKO,B5JQZ<7&4E@R&XMDYK".1JL3#-8*A!Z72(H?;JUP"'.T*
M*YD/"OC'RB5`<9_9H#,\'N]]Z%2H34Z'I3PED0W+"8J@>;*_$\5"\MTHD /P-'^X[7'6]5:\-CIO,#XV#`0?
M>#-MF_P7&EO]%DZ/ILCTLIT0502-2`.'#LWGG(G_14GE(I97%*SV+Z-V7@4%:C]X(O#_7\#@OO:>YR0>
M+:=-*@E\EA*/!>IQ*7')*%S=>(X[5Q'S@IRF%K=-Q;H;I4:R:A">LP]$&77P
MRRT;>1"B @
MQOBS*\?S_= &8;>G?3KK!!_7"')USM93M4N;1G/
MC?5>OZ=/FLYQJBW,^H:P53J%^P-Y'3*L?,"K? U9M>\8+6@&4B\(
M.RI7ZP,0P.Y@=+:CWKE+5"M&>6F,HKK'K+F(\?X&XX9%^1J\Y7HF&!48;-4-
MJMV,5WT[*NO;<=VLX_:YM;SBO-HX#[:)T6C24O8KTZ!ON]MGR\J/0@&DMF'=L:2N?#47IZ5CMK_B->R0$:;2Z[4=^W#VK;.MWHB&P=@08U=U\U$\N,V#
MXY'>Z0U;RH/J"F4[GNZT[43) C-[UNL\57W:6\&&X;O.D;S68V=>K*
MZZ]31X\+$UZU52ANJW.KZ+Z`8\7%-PL5AXJU'R.6EYMM;EQ0YY1(/J)Q8.M7^ZG6G")^_W,XOWOLE*'UB#D&425@*AC
MK]-PP8'E-V#82"H#QBTG9Y$1H\ZIV!\U@+6QB>.LY*]/>X;*H)_V]?`(T62R
MDVNX0-I^I\RT?9J^UTNU;0BP2U?(5L#!F!6XIV]#E`>S@M42C0&WFQ;IR108
MWC$V]&ZW'T'W3&5;"PDF]PWSAF:IOJ,IWRK:-ZEDLBDU2>C35*).M-V/'X40GH!5.QCT*ME)SL38ITWW3&55'D
M8.9VF63(G^]Z?7RXK_KW'><0$>C5:F.Y!PU8U!0
M*76'E2%PHF+*B6!5JFD/8YY.E\+JZ31BG*"@*N2/HY74:<0X1DUU"W##!V(S
M[;^($U+M,S B
M,]L5!2CXZ>&[*>1MR;"?=3`GT5%BBBV5L?`U-J.#`PRV'VC$>H)3"IPC024C
M.K_#X%$D?#Q5,JZ-AQJ-.W1@Y^!3$U$^:DJ#9SSSR#%2C9C]J/7L(N$#S0)-
M\(;SASAG!=2 E.LOLM+:-@N
MG,Y%)6%>>7;CR=#=>E:/VDG#TB%L2]"6-OS\1L.VNJGIYS8 240KB]$0=WL-8C/]F7WV&E\SUGY`0FJ%=:_\W]'"#X-SH
M G^8\FUXZ%;M`Q8^"M7G! ,%VXU6,
MH4"OBECA7_!M`;`4S`Q0\1G99MWT&/.F'N,%>J:K]$-2LX#F(`+*F"
M0OF=A8ZSUA!5,=(V(_6`D7[=5H+)NOCA4AX2@/Y`LD`LD.M%*\!7EC=BY?[.
MZ#6`VYZ!_((&E?HTI3K5@JQ#+;X!JQ99'3;`G\66DI3L$$6M19^H5+=):4N)
MOK??\'5T7!+LCAO;6[`1$?PM9-QIB\=V_P))S*%^X/Y ,AF9B _$1;:X'([/[9)KJ"4(YNMK2QHO]A8K
M(`.A/PU&_*&G&]V^WNUT$AIS1\JSIWWP?O\=N,I`FR#-^ZG?!JF?8I-Z713T
M9&!&_=`);]=T "6NW/M'TYTT1#P@^V2US3YGV@_8"%
MEWQ)\K"I:<9=8_0+6#(QC>R$1GK:#;KSA*[C91T8[D%R]8&.T)D W
M+%SM<=GBC@(?0U>9]XRA?ER^T:R2K=#`0I0W+2BB$;C=SB^B!QFOR3
M\0ONF-'5#XCG%[!.M='KG&=_8IH"I@14?3<6>O+\DJQBO+9TN:3P@MAN0,58
M+-V+D6`K0VY#)P^8GH^.*3"9O.]\`_%WF+GP+6S$F:MWJ=OR6\Y0_!(^V3*R
M5F2#C6`/(@P/`(3O+2!3)`$R]2T"WNP5XH3T!3.##-
M\6_^OK9T0A\W2C&30&$G,V8DGH=LU]@:'YSA1[?77K2UN.K(VFEF"N+GN^RWOG(;'P;Y_Y[[CS]JX/][-I$/FI+X]/:._
MWC5Z[URUP%^HUT]OW!F7#W_!4*^3\*ND/]!U970Y&.I5!3&.;BI4$1URAWI5
M08SBG8@*H_\WB3H_"D5H[\;M'AZ[FZTUJ-S3!K0D];1OTEH0*:2G^H-.OWQ$
M'LA*&PZ,@?:>'V)SL.$I&/[G1IZ9'U9+RED1YL?IQ>RYY'$TG/1*)\-]./7A
MU((HO'_"_XWID'A"2B;-H-/K"=+PO[9)(V8>=,2T_TE`Y!#&CVU\GX>&_=&@
M >(7$TC"&P_YQX!6U
M$8X#OQ+KX#2L#UL`I:)Z]-Y_`I;Y]_=243UM9S^$7>)J!L7Y*;EMO,FTV9/'
M[]@[:0'=S?"U3_B6>.G%AW97X<2XFKT^L!87ZMUY6+LT?+(I7M/,+5EV2(_>.W>TPMA'NJDD'& WK#@ROX-,*7
MD;[YMOTDKF6ZXCG5H$5\D7'+_:P;.$4AA>)./+J[XIY9V^>N3FJEK\FOGNU@
M#@@DKBEY/_4ZH5L,"@558P8BXN:1JZ$@V\?S7L[K\ZNH^%Y-.K.`4N2)V,Y6
MN"JZJ;*C%(27E4==3G]#E0T0S)S0#&1 $R/Q"9("G$9X;OZ5,4J8\^MU5ZN460$G+4H\N]4QM+RPDMUA`^
M/X*;!X!`:C#L6\"!PLN3-]H]VG
M8ER3[T&76(_\#QX9(H.W9,H%.B9A$;C`XKV#6!8TA;J[N+^0$Y7;,Q=7W&*U+&,*!\#F-3$&A
M'([.6#+OR?8YMJG;Z+$^Z@UU.'O(R]'^X2O9]$CKE[.[[E>WG:O'&"(IDXY7
MEIA*!S?Y3K`]#?\K?% %I,6.?]WA:+WI
M>%,H6O!TV2"*5W)B[4\Z@TE#U^G@>;CYBW/\&;NQ`I3["-_\U2GN%AB-ANMN
M\W.L"HR2[/_95(='I)OB+1P;9O:)MP77@\G`R-@@MZ8I%\9B%P&][B1C:?*"
M>-2^4!B%:KR.P_&X?Q+F.35M6>@>K15/7.."JJLL=(NKF>ZPWRDD;N^HR:+P
MXOA(C&X1[SG+Y1\/AYX0%T,Z^`L"P(_N.SRGPED1'A"G@#@?_B8:\31]DH79
MT:`TB`B%%-:U,1@/,Q?Y=%+(C1O9'XYVIN/QB@7_QG. ;[M[F=1
M[O!G;>HY5O5.U@EZ+".JTTMV-=N@`T7%3&;'!11E* 05]W*-ZH/^B6-;J_59!T"U'77MZ
M0BK>W<6[W4.\:W3:P+NXP;>+/Q4;5,,&O7:Q0;5J*E\KV^I5U:G-.'/P:1DU
M]5-=+[?8?@]TK>ASV::U++PX3=9)5S>^1J3;ZO4YE%,]#5./;//6HCX]MS+A
M:NUDN'44;.$67Q8TY].5#5"+:HWJL9%.;!96J[XQQJ<=R*F%\;S[-4P5'9E.
MX>6:F*6R9DOIF;-[*5TW7V(47RB^>&&VVXFZE%]X*DUZ%M/HL.B,.YWF"X]B
M$<4B-5JJ^7QW#5:Y'SQ&8>CZE>ZI'JIZ/(P-D+HB()[9YBG?&ZHXK]6,EB^]`GPRZ[1-@
MQ7EMY[R^WNL:V/BSV8QWIM-'OV6;R`/6T$U7EFGD1M)OCC@#*)KEA5.'GC/G
MHQ!H>W80HTYG;.:J-G4'42Q7/LOAUC&ITW]Y',?EV3I^XF6NXD\G5=QJ42/D
M[#V#RLXRHB:]+SL;),T!>`'\N-TEWU [YE(2YO- QHS5`W\(TKRU;.+>^EBL]VV8?& 5CJ,Y%4I=RR3%W(1ZLQK%UIBC/?+ZKFC1%52N5B_1-UBHM*82F
M3)ER=[NZ0&C$EJ16X-PKT.*X_=/4Z\>]MPO8C_*@YZ?^*X@6A!R>L:(41OH/
M>W5>/S?EGD#QQ0$/?V=<9QKK!0;XGZ:,>7S_+EVL`QB\76^DAN4C2OTV-.+[
M:C+"KK>-D3:EA)O$' 5,9?F>TQ;44)T["G_=QS+'X9"MJ9Q%W]
ME/)MJ'BUH*RJ8I"SZM]1OU%')&4+-SSS2LF54KR*04HX%M6 3/-2A==(+Y/`S&B8Y.I[=B!37E*$CR9
MSH30,"B=/X']BS5:DD33%=GJRU1N5'E:YK
MVAL&+V[H$HM)77*4+J70AE2ZDTH5.OX%JN-_P
MW?9I[2P=652.3)N-FHM:@=:&`IU8A?DSL6&CBU)+M$\<<9^,/0QT:O'?S1XI#W PKUQ`LI:_UMKPO6'9%UK**.UQNVI#FK3#!>AP_OX6'3)J&F+BBQ8E,5F
M)B.S@'M'X@_4A9%5G$9CI>X*#.#^H*-W&F3;J!*%S>*0D3[H-YM#+M;H33'(
M"7]]EG>-#B^UM20K+&KH:Z#>J?W$\U.5^FZFL64E.?\_#N'*IY40;VNL3[L&N>L]JCJ=5T:RQE]?3#JM:]&
M7-%"7?N!W*H%Q7]]ID))3SUG8^.MN#Q4:6A4#?.-XP`$NW.2?%&N*_1Q"_,T
M;S;S85>+&B3A&_3[DKJBBCS6CGF3=6QZF-,#LQ"8!$ ;(W^%][)GY.#'$P,X0-'>;`QB4[L65T06`B]_'@
MW+:#C:8T\D1LAY2[`62O&_V\&E3
MZN)5PO3!COITF]_V=$[B6V^Q).Y*FQ-4J3`/4-R&=0E=D[*`V(*IEYYO(]/Y
METK6AQ2IB&EZ(3JZ0>PUS"UGU`]`*L3])K#X#MIA8`4Y7WB]CM#U6@721E%,B
M_5M\J"?";"_T`6)F^Y9MBC6:KC31LY1R+>38"SO@8VT1/_K[SS^%_O4C( V;CN>#@GH`A-XBNG_]G_]#T_[\OZZODYZI,,.2V-;UM?AM:Q3J
M?X6?-1-H#Z-\H[._O#)1G#M&QP@\_,OH]HQ7P&ZV^/773@2+T8I%Y)(.7JG[43S&\4(#3A.,I7CH_U+Q@J-=EI5,U"X/"<
MYT.NT/H8H_XP N'237@[X-Z>L!NY"A+\V!L8ID'/Z[X3\
MJ^?8YBHVA0Z2^*]9YFAD??ZX87[^J`N#5-=\.+G,I*V:,EZ+^]*S'2[\U9\U
M,``V^Z3YSS!)'+N??!'7AAY].,'"1!?BQ]EJ+;P^''3C!YQ
MR+-P@6#:F._SD3,+Y,/!,W3XS#/F+>1/_'%&"9=H1-V&E\79EAND,.[?;FZ^
M:LN0`20[4:4^S9@+J9:CL+XN28N>,E@1)[228]J4.#QYVI]3&F1._CE96-!G
MGB0#]?GKCOT[=>RYYUFB&Y#XMP4+\(*_C
M^1-G`)9&(`^LB/L8^/8?IXQ)`[8<27
M.9P@D/]-K77/#C` %80K?^SM(;Q%VV[Q9!O9Y*^^A&+R7OG&;/]B?CSH9=>'#& L]6`CHX[SY;OO_B3XD
M4$2`"5@.',PZPUKX`.AU(^MOGX-(WV@LZ ;+IY"A$G[9I>Y=86L"%8:\[EU>G:\!`2V7/6ADO!$__D
M,,L>@U`9*N\XA"O1?%72Z3A55RIQCM9XE='E-!U7*G&*J[H3"7)/X>B/9P"+
M\EOC+)?:QJ"WL&8P''LGWSC1]=PUAJ/1_G7=G+%2Z(OIM$%WT"T-^),565'D
MJM%?9=/D"*55$B&.UU6ETN`$!542(4K62SMQCTU0J9N%DU%HL>B(G$/(HV&D
MMKMQ+:D)/Z5::YZFMHQ>=_/FZ`@@&H%X,8W7[=6/=VF'VE/H4HVR[' 4K.2SM.ICC>T.-7#$4.GA_EJW(^
MS/@Y24D;P]X!X=J>L69\BNG>WO@`MY^$S\E:MCB^U>C4RLETA/8LC3;'Z\IJ
MR7*"5BR--B6;J7OHL \URH%;0^
M^X>N! XNE0,2S`=CZ!`11JS9L(=94R61ZT3-&>=
MA#K)O"R/6J5;F$>0Z"N&H]J6)K,3N)."QTEK-SQ"[S!%Y`A1_24Y$)SO1;BU
MB/,[S0;MCX&3K^X[!]P,J;GJ0Z)8`EAGD&^?*HQ#
M60HW#XX5A6!62)KC5>4)]#A:(U9'BM.5W`GTJ$:7K='@G>V$O)H*%8AZ,^V9
M,$;PENT*B.'/":/^ZTQL$5[BW'J+A>?>\^=N@H#9TY!7.'KP;HGCW"UY7#PH
MS']&PQ92:MT#"!X'0Y/0WZL.-]'O]T:C2;DDN!6E>3X04V2;D(VKA*T'=DO`
MFCO^5N2LP91?/#=*8-M:>\[][^@T^.CZ`0NYZ"/K?[)="HS/I\ZE`2:=C?S[
M@\`T@P*]LBC0'?6.)4#T["Y\(A/P)'-D8/3ZW2P(Y>@G0U.LUD`'4^J+0%/8
M7B@$;246PE%(YMCYR\#LZ+V^.%(%]O`R,#MQU]Z/C$8) B51VW:1(
M*Y]:QZEO&*-)ML)?*^1T+#"%:-;KC$;&06"B:S=.N"W?'_]6%88XIC"$\WJ=
MM!>?2C1IQZ\G546,Q9#%BH_HA\+;O4XIIVN8 UGB(/@,,,O`H!+XBQ`73@\4J;6H1UM_/+
M%"B)A?$V'HV?,'[A7C[3`6SLF2T'%B0EF-N_IITY]$EE#5D$$?7OH E,@2!,!_'!.8
M!>;PT6@72PC37-FOH_3^17:OHRN!2I37OX/DKSFAKVS[M2:J':SQ"E($&.TW
MM%I@& RD3[&S\YPE-/U`V%AW>-KE'2.TZ#,&'9BT<7
M"TIL;=79:_V-H)=TG6VCW/QTJ%JZK(>4V5V(R$1^^5)2;!/%R7;GE!^R9)8^
M62Y!`?.W^#"9,*YS9JP6>.D-K)6[MA#K4/&?/<>*BGQ(]6&%O(9*EQP#!CXOLI':H$2]#5NT&TKM2I$\
M+U`OHX;XP1"M)OGB_0`F._;4CJIRR]K96-`8R\8`F]E/U%GEJ->:98/&YFLZ
M!P!G>/]':`>K+3,V>0I.#/
M@]2P/^SU>V5"7=`' L*/X2GH#ML/95.)U6LTL5*/
M[,O80`,=O*77N'D9_,AP;!?$JLCO4
MM!$47Y]C%'W%.KTWZ!F[-K.=EXI+$&C37A(G]VUB^@*PPHO3'I?8=722(>K"
MI[1KT!&_' D&^ ^:7"&0)/X*I<0Q^T ?U$!9TW.GLHN.=6"3`JD7ODG?]$EWI;W>9+T[Q_8$E0);[/ZY/S$Z_=*@+6C?%L>F
M$H-W/!Z->V72X*`M7!KBQQO'Y2Y\;L.Y-,R+6]+#3J]K%,=X#P:WGG]J;M2H
M/QKO6@8^?"D@%=()P\FP6QRDXT4_%\C5"/YHN![=E1?3(@)^"GI'B_=Q:WB,
M%)^"WA'%?.'`T=VUNZXCAI5#Q.6.=N5X_G9,C"F*E:$$RFQ]D_NG+NBI#]1F6,T7O"T%CV:\$QFC6:
M-)Z1J*=%ZA=/,>J?&`I@>-+0.]HZ_7H;2&W`5L&>D? D\V=@R:KK2K7WT>X_1:NQ,-@-Q'[0:#C>1M\ZV'X;`A?GT7=PC*
M0!L'CL9]N\)!/[KQB,F`R7#):">F9'5[@TWD3P"F?=0J=@@?C];/. Q8E?#_F#SA-$P:I6SAY5$S6H*8K5B$8[=PZJE_/%%LYI/]%/W
ML&HI7\4>5C*Q/[I/F']9HE*.1ZQR#[L>C'O#]7O0T\!I'[T*=BJ$0ZLQ:C:]
MRMG&2J)G18T0V[$,QVYDU=+^A#Z++2#[J5M9M;2O8BLK3NSGJ*,OT@Z&=.U0#%'EJ?!8N^Q]7+M,ON2Y,DT*!\)5S:ZV"R`D8Z\!
M9V.=ZZ8]([!E&+&[4C?'J[,`5=S9SSNKK-WY7#F6A;@
M=I$;JOU;_HM)HAK/$LU@[%U`^^)E5>KDF%(GB]=8B!M$9. 0ZTJ+F0Y,6ER`4ZT;4(LWSMK0?_:%>O/MS 93[ZZY(7
M+/GBO>'#7W ?X8YW)0!8-<0'S!V]IF]JP,XSRMS-'OO4L
M>V:;(M/@"L:[??5Z9^$0F$T#/>%%!4,LS0T7E('M@O(S\]@"!R?RAEEDC!)@
M"TL4YP@\3:28C"ALR-9ZCBL4%4.89,0,!B6;*OIL@MM,P2*JCR.%E;9.$B#B)
M*/\!GS*AO\'Z%>9K8=)SU1JM3!CWY<5X&CX'/(
M%L!IJ6=C&'!T0>#URCL_QK&INVO"I.")%S=>FU]Y#1)1I!.W/"3>BA*&R[Z`
MM>4G;#(+8.9WH!]P0]>,`1>%H:Z9Q$7LL!P.D@&;!1*&Y720@(C+%'&8.3`X
M_!;Z.!BU.1Y$FX4.ED@)F!>5$M`6-)A[%B])H_GV8NF(HA+R:\X1\=K!DA.L
MOP6V!]/`#+`]RT]6UQ+IF:+P35*#E#-2O&*""%$!23%&JO!.;$<>KK 65C33`B9A!5#\G:RH81KPDD;8#P474D54]0I\;+\#A
M+E(-AN(LOHZ93)3@VW+FLE]J/0W0YC?A(PRL=4=K"ATT=:RG02JX+D9&?_55
ME"J*"R(EJO\^6;1K[6\>SV;R8+=DKOY*>Y[;YAP5)@QX'TX#KNVZGJF26B`4\+I&P4@7
M$:P(I2U+*25:!KDT0*4BTBY7.*XIC&U9J.J1HRD'T)&A!*(FJC+X#J-S(N$+
M$4C.O%P-(`4YN-=_OZ!L=/Q$]D_ C+I:Q4B=P2QZW3QQI)7.^9
MD>5?7HE_=Y*EA-79ULL'UTNQ2JVLTFLKJ_P4L"S%!SM'0,M7>S&];=>!+:HV
ME7=@WCT\W-U:K,;SIO`DG(,ASZ6F+FIY_X16FDL#MC-'M/;O4:JNAK=BC:O:8>M[O
MH@^.XA'%(TJ%*/:X0!62UY^3QV"3[O%!]T^--\[>>HLI89:-X2S$GU^/KWN=
MSOXUE#CSL Z1'N;RF-8XP6;+^*012#'&.?790'35YO_M^^LM(:*TK*BZ889+^5UAP.459:DQBC
M.7RA-$ ?BF];O70V6/-5=H&B,S2JLVDD&:$U:DS+$F\44+
M?"**012#**=9KK"S@3+0&BI&RD!3#*(,-,472G$H!BF909H3,:/\91RT>T*F
M6J_?>:M]=O)6F6K-EB-UGZD8
M1)EJBD&4!E$, MM]'Z.O:\]PVY]HS3+4'/EX\3>*8H4,"VW,!843['37I8DJ9UC-T/M:;"V6E=R,2]'5M"M2U-"32
M MS6@F92*]4
MB$MH$G^.//_#J*\/NA.]$U.^KT^&`WW0Z:S34^?+AN,L0P8+"ZN'SYMD:
M@SFC-%,`9K!46E+W,OG! $ZFN3`EK-KJXNQ(H[O"14&@[GR+10,/R0N
MWYS(^O84[4Y\^I@FA%-$B&%/A]7(G/@C:$_+LG&CVD%;HCF>[XMQAA,[+>PC2F,2T:#D+F"]8EF`MS>`JC]/(>%L,&73Y
M>V0 ,:\[2>_5''TV\)5AY
M%`G]"#C_*9IO^U"X$XH,4R_/T?$^A`U'HL!!-6%PQL\7,-O,"]DNH1;F3):9
M@R!P&ZCAN],A(:N"F:ZF6W)V#\960RE4D[ OVY[9A>[%;^>$#*]BY%,@)A].>
MT=4C)\`/D_X`/VP=4S>/$GQQ8,$]R;=A4K7+^@VR&[R 8VQP>6F]B^\=24TCMR@'-BQ[9N.9:U-YR)-6 D++^47+Z#:)O=S';,#*!O-8`9\"U@.MM@R^OO//X7^]2,A
MRY_OA.GJ/G(+R[^;?:*^[[%W``25M#NP_@
M^$9G?WEEXOH9W9[Q2@M=6WSW:Z?57XWNL#?H=CN=G;@>
MF#0#7V$V,?I$P0;5T2(Z@-='%TP8>A\`-^/H_,MOXO5MG#I&QPB\?-AUC8G1
MZ^U!;L_,=2/6BQ'KY5BV\6C2W[=J)R-V@WRY]!@JF*_PB^V%OK/2_OV9:XC_
M5QWB_XG?NC>I2YCMW7RW_?]$'Q)8(O`$1`V@UXV%FP?0ZVQ$^D;]Z'L!#/[5
M#/J\G\WP^NENIMW.B?M(ST B,/IPD&1D.2ARK#?[8VJ9)G*:;.37TZFC3%`::I2W JU4"^?6[]`Q#D8I[^L--O(RD*Z)Z +VZ_W#MYM/'V_.HW5^/8`^IMP[Z`HCF`?5F(Y_>9Z>C,^X"W7O^B
MA/FGN=`^NC@2'^@H;UIO9$Q.:>/28(
M#YTELX"RTQ!+QCD&L=YH,!GNVQARSW[B2M^&C,&7I]%"#G+4"G @`'@U8CA;`H8ZGRFC2&^US`128/R$+
M>R2N_=]$1/C=>J[O.;8E/[XEOLU#^[Z*.(WHZ]#'``=?>T=]D]E+$<8.QM>-
M:7JA".?X"L.8-O6U?^.UCL;O=;:ML-3D:U/SB>]FZ6FC25-S@F65S!A-&-\B
M';SV^&O6C6=TP?GCQ@WGC[JX\]0U'\Z/LRB,(KD?+9Y6FQV9\4S%7>C4 >P:&"ZBUC+5MZ%7T60) \4.:A'R8$OKKUV/*-=O4J?6']&@.GWU&'/!,>C,66G@ASQ+`8^4E<4QN3
MR4C7@M42S6D'*&W^$=I`8)%9P.@CO(0^J*S`L'3N!WX`21,L#Z $
MN#ZTBB27APL@
M,2`!2!)#N`!M$5J<<=''SKC"X0T@S]MYN;K^O Q@)8#&\4'J
MY;8"I">/(K4,)']!?J $\!R`S3(6AH?.@N)_$@%_4\2-^+#?
MX[XSXWO*[XCG;Z'U*`@7OX -R!;8589:,@/5W<2K06C"=;UO(42+=EZ\P6'BST`$!>!+RP;-<
MN&`(JT,PM6!V>X$+B4*$N:8SQWOF*0L>S(?\SP&B)$H"2-:96Y$`(L5Y4:R>
MYS3B)BKA$X&FU-)1?[$07DC;(B:0P= VZU@'S'(V0DCY$8)LET/AH7
MWC..).Q5RPNG`:(M!VPLB]6?NV.^OL7%%9G`\`>J;%@VY*.&TJC&+1QW#Q`A
M.,*`SGR&+2@7UH!7\R;J$GH?#1[L1/:KY,)05&WURSQB8AG,4L
MM5[?1$?86Y'FGO;1O,/,*=1EE^M2V&6NHB:&W4/8=NN9+]&'R!]`>-IEI'H#
MKKJC9`R9CN.GV5;H]NR$,AMU/_[/ D02MOL8\&(76'E(V!EV`(K4<<32K*7JRID$
M4.'22P,>^G`.X3F3!)."D!.%W 6`UFFJ`U+FY"D))@<9H>@KV)0SKIIV,<7*.3+S?KXO0BA$>'KX[ E(7-'7'W")_HLOW6=0!B$3;H$+
ME;\/B08$L\FB,ZY:B;`LZ'=Y<0&;A"DMBV>N&[E?2V8MSZ0MP[T'F(]@24&]@AZVZ2U&%7H
MBJ=*QD5#'*Q`,+,9JFJ 6O%X>O=8P-+`#RPLKR,4/A\?>F>+U$Q*D7#%&Q"R\P
M?F+CR=#=>E:/["I>=`=@]T"UP,%VXU5*LB*(:PEDLH&RQ[E-6C)1FI!XPTJ_;2C!9
M%S] KY2]A18[_@:'*+2?1?32Y9$X/NK')PEY
MK;15BG#AN7056S^P$/Y:U5]SU]T$+W3X@Z%W^GU>+9'7(S'TL,_?_,%E3#11J.@)`F/VB?B"/6(ANMA=ID4\[N=/,@2+/8I&?
MHLBWP;M7YLDSKTK-K4*_>"Y36G3386I1M+!$%.::=L+"6- SA%$X\?*`$9"1#,\D<>!4)^W4Z$0JS-4K^N;QC8X%
M#?%"%=Z.+G%>;_O@WV@W[G8Q*CSQQ6+(BWJF+PUD6(J4YR"]_20>T.@8SR\/
MT%@6!WUTW_-81N:%CW/0Z3RK`6LHIF,?(J,K8VSZ790=0R=ULCC*$;JC^%@)
M->G7*FUW>17JA,; HV;(+U
M\7D2`OEC$HVWMNJ,\O`$/!?*RY>MBVGQ6,Y2?4.CRTUC7)A=9?F287?7Y]MQ
M=7&<3`QYP4 \X/DZL-9)2'D<6E]EI2-
MY+(EP^6FZ(W$6W0AWVA6F6"AV7CV,N5-"XIH*J;]5OS^0?ZNI^+;<<>,KGZB
M1)S1[J#WC5MS&32:`E7?C86>/+\DJQBO74%&.S-U=H;%IF./_!UF[F9PV915D44(B>V1URZ8#VBA?<0D2>@
M*1R8YO@W?U];\F+H$4,+%`X'\R?'&SAN\-`-W-5C.%B P5STR*N[\
MUE@F"O&0L`F,XK@7)-P4#F\\-UF>==8"#/@%8AQ^+6+5,HY%B<>/'XG2])/0
M[1I[@\-SG*CV^NO6%M:(H37V2.8;3!$Z OS?[.CGR$Y(17YG_(W(5@#52RQUECIG>H\L5Z\;2IE*1X).()M_!
MM,F:'/3!:9O!0-*?:N5T;&[[*>,,$1X#Z5`,ZRHL0B#SK^2R>''UE2A%J8.%+&^J@WQ&Z*\ES?/^Q-2(^T[E=HN&OL
M+';!X^MW*'G(_?)(CGGZ<6@^K-C"YJE6V@=ZL7GE@AYPC@Z95!,@FZZH6R`R
MRKA-/8L)B$K!BN@J#]8LX*HV3@1)Q^OPUY. _^*2P4;L^;8Z'FQP=JHG>)(6AUX>,^!&%$_1
MP$2I&;>]Y"%AAMQ/P'80&W3D"R'RGFMMC\1M'(N\K+@%S\\7O(B!%_>T0\.0
MTC6P_(UE0V/*#+FI:LZCR7>9H^("`.O*F"0]S]:@:"T22\(KH$A1(6U0P?38
M#Y6ZMO13 ::#LLS@P1P^>M8*.GSS-)`ENZ3@-NUKQ&A)SS-Q`'
M'S-AN74,/R9GNT@2Q#%G9WD3VX\!M]TGST&7J)Q['_R1UQ.@PBV95XA)^?!X
M2@;*IGS$(PP'5.9+V/L[Q.66@)YH
M#MM*N"O0\.0`^LB/\>;%Q(86Z?L=,,9>+[R6QR"JC01E@!/V%-R"M=C/D10>
MR5[1-40*C<&O9+E'1&6.?.7GG!]`WE9E%YK
MR9Q1;DA+_D!:Q(?8B&EBN>=I/TD/Y:(.CLCMLE?;9+$#EY](9*(R4+Z_;YS(
MB\C-`+Z0FKA+<>G,EL6'1[7ROPEGJ7"G
MWD1WS-_6K\]O8K6`LO(NJGL4/=Y0RE9-Q8B$7-S1-)9^U22J1^A]&5XJ7=+(
MO-D-$$20\KJ;8"HJU:9]*TF!+7&DP462H;71S2QP>^S]6D:UL]=+JOAQ*`!+
M7P()SRW_*CY2```BE3MVUJ_#&(&?(`G*&\]<2?B"G^P'F7ZB351V%%:)G$92
M K7*;&XXS3%P+S88E)4,:F1
MA]5OT4B"@X@?P&!LJ]Y>4N9&0@_``PD8>8S*W?$**"YQ5K(H]@X?#+\^!0LV
M.;+%%SE[+@*S'A>W>ZM]$141.O(ZS>8)I`"O'54920XM1-2W=#Q^D!"W==Q7
MG2*]E:K=IX0FVS2;`]NY7NH(D%GC.G'AGCTD\ZS]$539$O3:\Y=].&%22DBDISNL/TG(3
MW5(:2ILZA$/8E\A+F#>Q9X=,5=URI6%)(L=^E`('3"_\/0$W,K`8S7J1!5Y^
M*XEU2261;)6BBRX+OE-FXE& %[,L^,V$R3TCY"')&VT($B"7+C?>`-H
M$ _8.F&2Y"AU-WLPKC.F11605A^1WVJV*N`272D$W%X"50B]] P)"&X^ZVP;N;#B`^5&O;2U:N_;
MB.P]E;IS$2(E=[#-8W&VZ;K&F>OY55C/8&TAUJ'B/_-2EVOW@E:2:];4;:IR
M5?SLQ7E822(_AJMA&7N\$T_%2*Y['61L%LB82V/*Q@HC(6WL;=C#*8X\SLIP
MKY1>\XIE3ZZGGJUM)!O:Y4+7.\L!8"7B"3:=F^EC`@E*;5!1821NX:=VI4B>
MXYB`'XQ!1]04X25&1@-]E,0"QD8BUI1-^MLT=6W.8C(N7G\3UZKIYF?,RTKIC74NZ/B59B2ERW:.+DS#+U]YZV/[AZM6'F_NWKUYKMN^C
M8SCST5]Y85GMB_>W_=F8B,N5 ;'A*@\BEQ_:\(R8@>S'
M$7N_1&7 \'L.MYB&)0.))&F5YS/EPXKCFZH4W@DV =I>-(D7@KV;5S`6LKHE1Y
MU]OX[&T,N"@,=:Q))^_?.1FP/C)A>"P1(5PK<3//[[?CT$U9=(^(J*ZUEF-)
M\"K>V_`K!;XYRZ\Y1\1K)T+O\3"`U\VR15F\NK*_$$V%R<9W(_&*R1L:&7(2
ME9;.B*#)U6D-@4KE*D@\^4G,PT@"GN$)CYM!=`[);`OCRB.@1#JJH$X=:1V%
MXFXV*[1V@Q?C2(2,96_JWE>#-K\)'[%*:G>TIM!!4\=Z&J2"ZV)D]%?IEI9(
MV$3UWR>+=JW]S1,!\;!;,E=_%47U\#OW^W`:(9M,XEQ5_O
MMRBO8OR4;N/7P YT(?)H*)47&X2D&0XYXK4BJI,:01$-%J2XJCOU-]DZOL.QRW5O[B
MN=?\1B\R\+?:'R-UX"E\Z+WT(AQJ6KRW0_1D`$^G^T-O3U`N=+T8NEZ._M6&
MT1L>#]X-1HQ(+\[7Y(S\[\^Y09/MZOG&@[OB4J96
M6]L-F#!;E00;_JFXJ](F7G)@_X/'/CAH"KV/1S^)\*/^H#OII/';/5.CL"RT
MAMW^9#@8'( R0>8!=2#YX !U7!0T*:ZWR"%&*AMJ+.XN2#_S`,W_7
M,3U41H9 PCD:X![?_TK8'>.H6+PFRU ;VR,V&KL<>U)3L"NZC>7%OI)-
MJT%$.[S/G4BIHW>UIA`I_T9X(J5.V_:*D$ABBAN"P/W`+L#UL/]1O)5#!7;S
MPID>N"9P,W1:R>`FW%44Y)ODS2.HW.WP_]L/?#)%S0CDH'MI"*33(PMB._2G,_X.Z'E?V.A"!;6G\(J(ZK894./S\O$;U^(/RT9)1UA7_4&W
MT]O@F9T3U`-U#JNI-^SU-CF]!*B+&T$%L:K$&JJ.&'F,FW(HT'RA:?,!X#@!1OGG;I8QA;V]6!
M"6M$I5ATQ61[YRT-E>3V-7\?*[+NHQ(&46"4FF>%/&AOE^E51!4:
M@_&@/][%"]DSMH`&Q70H?#4>-8P&)^C>XVA4C?)M*&D+*>U2Z7F\UFXB*8_2
M]J72LS1U?QP%4\UKDZ:SQ^JT*@*#_\YG\YL616K>8
MJ#QR.L 1&7Q+EGS:_Y9UK5TLN944@+G0I-&''94^HIP>7B%__[EBO5ALP/,>
MHM+O,CW7WTZ,R$P1O+=%/7&3+K?[^F'.8-)B(\ZAT#P7/O*6-WOAS"Z&Q&N#
M[RIWLA3B&GC:'"O?Q"/RM,JD0R@6>W^FSE-4SRUT>;\ZV4DOU8AZFNI;E9]B"&QJ>Z-]X+FGF\NP66R&9][Z2\+H5GG[
M5'_AI#"IZ"G(V\K(['&^-$&ZG)&<20#%&Y2D^B[ZY)%BK11LE1:U,][LJ:>O
MEX<2Y?UE9K/$BZ9H1,F(KZ93("P"**B.\G`HO/[$*IP;KKG#;>CXTZ9:P9U7&\N
M521L3>O'C59%2TW>U-:U[_Z%,L.?[)G6^FP.Z<2[^`KARWI
MKT;W7SF@3X9,4J1#7ETA+7A80^_Z@_?[[_#]H+/OL)0]BQCR;A;9M?>X_1TZ
MGP^:QL:ETN"=DJO7ZG;?GX@03*N[D)@.0CC5$7:;#J
M9"-(`X" ^/)L+L9QG`R)&TD5HYK
ML4%G.)KT&D(LZ1_>5[_ZA]Y8A^75QU%-TT%'!PST'G[>U3)B\]N-@J =)@R[K&\[,6#2TK0O]4$"@ZZO=&@>UEKER>*I;H%.SX2\>*VV"+A,M4M
M6/%(F)V,T&DTNR;QX'R)^_-%?@2XP[?\!9"QO<3[9$B"!%2D`DO#D
M6;U^KS_ KQ!V_>MU.;]R_I-6[F9UW$Q/SYUJ:\7@POBC+O>*E.21%
M!99F,AD8Q[O%V[ DD51P_H F!,AM?TFYS2[&UFL.?O??")O@>
M)$A@8G.`BIQN8?#A9F*+6KU:)>V$U9OTL"/(Y:S>S:_W#]]N/GV\J7^7^O6`
MTQ6LNHNR&2I;B8,;TX&5*&,-OD8M(SFIWV'O.`P>EIW`LG+;Q>,P:/1P].QI
MB?SKR.R A>WU-/^O2 ]N3(9RIR"::>8ZVG)6`:0JDY"89QH#^\MGO!+C2-8U>F)-Z)
MSSS']E`A.R(D)TE2$I$Z=M31,LH)6MBN[6.&I27+;F$2!C:Y%*T>T_TOR2.C
MXB_>#/4?-/C@4%"NGY-';CVV?*-=I9J+_^/S;:JG^.LX'=,7V40!?61\=6-`
MDPEUF;@8-0N6O2KATU3V4!0X\!Z G=M+6!E?
M)E[")%,/B2=?3LWR1KM0?OXUYKLL9M,Y@/6TFI_,/2NJ! ,LB87:'0U!_ME?$C/ZG(O@`2>X"P1G@N#/MA7,\='.GU(3,FWZ
M:'J.Q_[RZG^;)J6S6?*;A>H%H/S+*U#J@; +:+B=ER]L0$XJ0*K+KG
MW9X6"`%TAGF'KS9!*,SP6]"D5]VD6/:A7'Z7BO-?O#3">Q?5PM'26C?PZ:/R
M5E[KVA*YWC,<9?_R2OR[M4PEH)>2R%VL\E/`L@0(;+^`EB\^4A5 G9BU(4?95
MW%$#=_3:RAT[E%N&=2!!QC%W(B"MCM'P3V4O6^F^FL]K)RX_<0SO."I5M+V6
MCE?6.0?0XB>.]8,>G!X.ZS6YSGS>LOAVTU*+C=4_U:7*ME=@`X0?ZIB9$S6>
M>B*G[NGC85^?=#IG,X>*K(?BC[KYHZ_WAOPNJOG\D==R?F%;RZ;'2FG8@DJE
M+E'JZH;8W)LO2HI1SLDHH\FD'6QRL>;\IG==Z=R&BA+8MJV0),4EY^22P;A]
M)NY/_#XGZS9HNUAC@;";),YMPZR\_@[/@<45WL]1W!ZMT
M[N-A?Z)69O_*G$7_]7O#]?)]
MY:W,DJP0$AYKA/TOKWF(#N^`B5^)'IC;1(U>NYM5T*W7&&SKB`,3UH]1L;YD
MO 546 ,PQH-1>3`7UE#'
MX52)8NKUQ\;$*),4.910J?@?K7M*YH(">J94_(NKE^ON9+A>2Z,0XD_4#2EP
MO.D]NK:P=N/TJF\\2IO'S&)0[PV&\?+^'+DRM^38J:%5[[=C>K_]]KK,5;K0
M6(A/P`AU'^>&VQUFHZSG!B@LJ8(D#`](@R,&5N`),#84N;C898,AOB:3,-
M*C/'(,Y0\=]H()64A]''-M!Z+SIL.V>RD' 4]G.:)U9%MEC<9*K5E()U!\Q>0]7S<08
M.>P3B&&K#NQ\9&H[=K!"=L%N4LB&G@MKMT(!#4%&UMOKQ>2/R8S+P.5B4Y:X
M?.QJ5)C1KT^V8&./E/>$DFQ,M.5:_O*48#;[-$@Q,'9WPZ9LS*;(!]Q!1`F(
M&.:F8W:?9@))83`F"`!(Z(/'#S!6\>YQ%FE$J^P>16E
M:RE0*+C$ #40A
M=+CX$C/`WFJ80$612MB@5B1HKE*MN4BTA66KE@L5FC2;S@E>S"6$XKQH17L]
MB4R#G;43T`K-T>'LH`FW:4CJ0)`MKQ562??E`YF%+8IXW;KC46 &18&*2"!\V"(%=SONP:DTEQXN >E_U76C=FW-JA2*Q%K6,YT;.N(]BYWL@WZ-[$.WJ+77A)!F\UO[]P`W!
M/?4NHH$!ZGC8NYD8%,:40\H!^6@M/B#6L0?8P!@^;Y;,[+@UKS1/`EBDQ$`A
M%YA_.UQ/ORT]DF97.%$2LE=_XFV1>*(].;@;08C=;NE!B#7EY38NW?6X:%+%
MN\53&^,L_#;P[KF27!L0D*C8X/S9K$U54YE9MF=05?O@*(E/"T)T('%;VV+[
M/="=,T.Z?GU3PUH67IPFZZ0K.+,3>69_?0[E5#(C76R:SBT6:'*#]9/AUE&P
MA5M\6="<3U \KVABO-:S7DCK'_54NXKUPQO_4:1Z5A5V\8+%MX:C3FU<2C>V]@X
M:JQ/6\_&T7Q/^&DW;W%6%^X05U,9,?M3>R[ASGTNK?& 4JUQ=
M.[9+BJX&^GC0U_L- _8)>?NJ54G'<>SKLR
M!F-]V'1_\Z9]\;+"6*KU/:N-XR6+[T"?#+KM$V#%>6WGO+[>ZQIUMI%I58A+
MOV6;R(,7$"==6::1&TF_.>(,H/`B;`X]9\Y'(=#V["!&G)3ED?8(/G5?F7S'9->ZG"[)I6Q6X\OPM6W:A4=J-B3#K-O\A3H2`O
MEO^ZHY=WG;=EM5=_2Y#/F:3N+MIY=X'6]^"\BOK$VPO%?*UE/C3LSZNESWUS
MMGV%E7DU)IHGV4\TW='H&S:8Q/YF+EK7(KRZR/59/&A\98 @[<5#3QXF_(I9:-D;)9D.TZ(+5/Q&FY*'>_Y,N[>C$[MEV^;_IJZ+ML.
MS+OGHF&[95+C_>]9[9%: G0=*:2("]]<9O1
M=ZDL;WAU3IAS!L*4$0A0KM_L($3G](Z=,7JCAI"-YFN5EG1.4J9,N;M=72`T
M8DM2*W#N%6AQH:_3U.O'O>E(&@D.>W[JOS!7H2D'LHW&PUZ=MR=-22Q2?'$@
M):@SKK/NK8H//:8@V"Y=K`,8`5Z\1&I8/J+4;T-+1%U->(Q@8Z1-*>$F<8 V*B>EMIR4
M28M34A3WM9W[8#MH?A//.FOCJK*&5:RS2I5190T5R[6>Y2Z^K&'Q!*D==0UE
M07-,VKKQ?1KXO(C>)YM,L2R"#50H5O90C`?#B=%N7"LUEDK9VK>!TL728X2M
M9(X6=4TJ5L,DC*VN9QY[)LSR1:K6(V;V:;Q`TT&(4[R6!]
MK73!>I*LKY-:7^(+3LBJQ(BQW-HSP()/B;J)_K[,K1/H646%R93\K4MB"U+%
M2E>[[0L';6%B6)MSJQ3'M33=1N52O>#%;5TN5>DKKC*G5.:4RIQ2F5.G7\8U
MW(7Z;ONTMG78:OJ6>E'I0FH%SKT"K8V*.K[6>"=4I=#('2&/4I>Z)^_; BU)M%'\<0;^,/2QT6L'?[0X^O]$1?O!8Q2&YB:9*4I& \
M]W2.^,$E+F$5Q9=V*Z]"! "%AV=/AD;S
MP[-5>L"+Y;_^I--B_FNM#=\;EGVAI0SWAIID/=U0MKMBE#R,,C0&^J@-C-)B
MMW6)D02I8.^SA!,H. QF D?@#=6%D%:?16*F[`@.X/VA6-V=5K;%9'#+2!_UF69(7U'7T-U#NUGWBJKE+?S11.%?6A&&2_]A[V)XTN
MQ5QE/9FV%1PK1YO'CA!1F$;=4;[@.Z(K0^^.N\V_)CI3'1K%>95Q7FV61SWW
MDB5%M]1?P>S$Z\HO-%BOF)+RG)]_YU!UI"HH73;6AUWCG(4O5>FR2V,YHZ\/
M1KWVE )@$!=A[COJ[RX_)9[_BHP^,N#XQT2/_HNJ.
M55$GZP-0%4]((=_YK)!AAY.CBX!M@K'C?` $P+YE3[%R7,U][#SY:VAP>;!7R;2XQ5WO/X)=8*:GT%FG.5*%/UB5K"
M'6>I<=: M:[EUX+U6`89G8C^!H3!=:?_X?(O]J`[KM0N][#MC40TX6`_[[ \J#=O0A#Y2@3/9!\MS'ZT_\V"^N+'4\_O^->H]`OKEMP@LW
MV)ZZ4),D.;'_`2:.YHVGQ3M1F)3/*:9\NTK/QZ=3]YD'6BG-L04AT,C7IM3Q
MG@&5`$!BP5Q[C&D).@2^6LB&XE,O#/B=T*VW6!)W)5AVW#5&O_B:MZ2,\,U1
M9`6PB'4\)KZQ=F5\P5%FB5XR77MD7K@4[B/+6]BF+;@0IP0X?4KYE2K2;8VH
MSU1@._4Z,>[IPS:(
MD&*4\S)*?]!OQUY\H:;L+7QDQ.&W,O=>J,S:QLM43Q_T>NVXO5:, M=
M8!1EZ#99_=[XMM*T316@GMX?=O1^&P1(, 0NE?!LJ4UU],N@J,U 32HS65! *R$]K]Q4MSB1#[.TPD#VVYIIE#`7
M\/:U)66:/R>,[DZ_>R^?_4K9/3[YEOBV";"\LYTPP.JD*K=N?PMX(!?W-%F"
M8!G$U_`_6$%3MD>[]+JAI2NG]L5RJQPTE8.6]SB@Q"4C\+[Q''>N3*V7D%71
MAL4]2Z)5H]3(2RPN7*[#ZDQI/2I9LPW)FE OV72
MB9EB--"N',_W7_]4H,'>7I(H/U;C_%A7AJ%W)[56'E-MDBZ /]C?U$-A-K]ML\55W*2^&VP9O^D:SF4V=NO+ZZ]31X\*$
M5VT5BMOJW"JZ+^!8<5RR4J'$H#@3"4.@II[W.Q(EY"V==K2" D0V_2.C3^\%[JT+]'.I3W:=J_ZBJH^T5F_:B0_Y9PQTOKSU11A9+VV0H7
MWAM(K^-V-VUZ^1:N:I#7;!D:Z^/!N,["ADK;MI13
M)OID8.CC-G#*A1J[=[.9N(M6ZK:A0@0G1J,S;,>)47'*69N%]/5^?]B.MC*7
M:]RJIGC-E2!CJ`_&XSH+SRA=VTY.Z1EZ9SA^6:9M[ _TW-+*LSGC
MA-1H4DRC>L^8Q[1;CS%J8A4VGSM%OC(;OOW*RR]K-[PCPP+,=G]/,BJ.DQKF
MQK7X(&*,U!!-2B[=SS(;,U1_%'J81Y56? 05L[&)(W)5@NW'7&/WB:U/B
M$-?$PMF4!AH)M'2"HX8)-=A.CVB,^J'#B[;B2(P&S",F+^=*EDO'-N/>B/BS
M.2?N(\62?,0TD7&P#O>2V:YI+YWX>V;QF9]M=)G=WVK=04=[IMC.+^G?MZ\#
MVLMMX'?,Z;T$P[*N)*#3\M>,SLM-8-L2OOU^#)7-]G*RV1K/FS0XM?X)4YU^5)K_$+7^'W,;CO2411_*/[(QQ\7
MUJ_KC.Q1V\77N8//6K+OW@C_&A[-3`I[[M2A.LP?J&VWH1%%/;UG]-JF7Q6C
MG(51.KUVA/M>[$;V"S./.%G8,_V"Z_U.(9CNE=66W(#94?0Q]/
M!BJW7#'*BV04M2&K(_*E'Y$+U,=79^ OS*Z)+:ET>]+ZJ*K&T_77C"GK/Y-6B4^UY;XW-.'O5Z=.EREWBL.?*$<
M6&5K9,6`JO9#V?Z#?;GK+;%:'KP`*[5QU\+Y[125_%]!\O^PKW?@OQH#IU3E
M"<5\"?,->_USEJ8JC?FJM$X4[Y7/>X/A1!^TEN\N*R(A"MI?DA4O+L$C$TR3
MA31QJ*B[CF9EOABZ,1JTH]2]XH^S\$>WHQ+G%'OLRJL %HI`]`JM2.K#CE17+*A>W-36"4EQ]YT*[=^3/!75ADU,%>
M3-F3##2(-NE%Z@'3\U6YF 'K8O)5HRB&$5MRLWD$W6$
M;M96_*M+"7/AJ,SH$W5#=:_<6,D9]H=MNSY4;*+81&W#3>22]F[#Y?2K; Z2V[!%CJ' !.8O97E#:OTB@ &A?)0-,Q\4@[P\!E&7'(H_+CS6X-9;+#Q7[;J-%AJC;371%9,H)E&[;_-X
MI+V[[XL]^!+;@F\UDRSM@#AJ"VZHY!A]?33NJ%PXQ2DODU/49JPVXPL_"G^C
M`;$Q[!ZC[VWW487=-U5R>GU];$S:IF(5IYR!4PQ]/%!E9!2C'`QOZ^J3H=&H
MS/32V[*_A%@V1HD?LM6Y'-8J@J.^@--!I];:,^6$FRJ^4WQW7KY3`6L-!_$B
M6M1<7'P]-TCFG@-LX`MBC;O&Z!>-_A':P4I9*B]8=/L3O3.I-3"N^GP)LBQ-_2NW0*?MCTU+(-@LVILL>:C_B#QSQ+X#X
MMYI,F3G5P&ZC9N!KGJL%\/'66RR)NTJ9,#X`3P*Z@% 48#YA$SL)^H1I9+
MQS;Y@-'/YIRXCU2S7>R"@'T$8>VU);-=TUXZ\??,XDT1GNU@KMW FC+MIP, <5_^POB1E]
M/DXL(G[O=%)V\W%F>0F'B9H4ZU%3`SV`W#"WT=FIDPX 3F]\V`"7'@M:)*!+1I]L+_2=`YZ,37FLA\6*RJ;B_3/R/K'0DMWF?<5(
MBI'R,])[?FJ!$T-K5*@XU;P$KC_Y$J`]IXW->."-:34U[UGF;8%Q70M=]N\#
M9P*AI@!PM0)J!=0*-&$% ]V=1NW.22"V-]/!JW
MK32'8I0S;,]]?6)TZNPFHCBEG9PRU#N];COJ0EW4:?EOL$=C."X.X/G$P;A8
MXOLT$)E&7C"G3.[9:KMNJ&SU]4%WI'?:(%N*412C*$9I/*.\J%-U]0GKR5Z_
M[R*P"GY6:?2UI=&C^3HY:RJ:JB5RZ2PXUKN]6KN)*!94+'C> &ZCC
MCF*4/(PRG*A8?<4HAVMXU]F$1(5?Y]J./V+I+^JK5*BF2DU?[XR4?UHQBF(4
MQ2@JMOIEGHF_,F]&?=_V7.+P4[&N/5*7,OB$.5#$6MBN[0=8502;"$1I46K/
M;JB$&?J@+;F&BE$4HRA&:3RCM'?/?JG'9C]D*JZKP1)CZ,9PJ/S7BE$4HRA&
MN?`]^/B.Q=E)QHW>FN]XQ9"`?#_'Y;)*!*PM$7#2J;,JH\I#5>RGV$^Q7U/8
MKS9CI-7ISZIFRH6+27>D=R#Y6'"@#P9C5;9'L>#96/#*T$>]0?.+
MIN1,4ZNMMY*JEM)89]P^&)KFE5.\H7A#\8;B#76COO=&'4M\:U,Z\Q@]E_M>
M"5'.4.-)9]".9`[%*&>]6^_JPY'*UE: M;/\L1564[Z@VWY&A#\?C.L.CE/=2<>!F@GEWHB[;%0>>[PI''_8[^KBU''BB
M(V$3FG[[[)4O-#A;$[%]Y#NS%``HFN6%4X?F8*_*FNP6`FU'8PJ]:XS.>H5BO?-8;Z[U^KTYGF&(]Q7H"MH%N=&M-72F9]2XLS?\]82Y0S]>6E&G^
MG##Z\WYK1'D@U S#_1-K]=2KBL]I.*%6";O;"%=>UENL&;[I#Q76*Z^JV3;IMU74IV^2G@`"^\:?4CIPR*S8-@(.[_>ZA
M]B/^P!'_`HA_JRGH H&?B:YVH!?+SU%DOBK@0VXZXQ^L4'X$D@&OQX
M,\TD_ER;.=ZS#\`S_LZ*$J91&-S2WE&3+J:4:3U#U[H=HZ<17R,:HW[H\-?Q
M>48#YA%3U#Y>+AW;Y*W\HI_-.7$?J6:[&C%-+W0#6'MMR6S7M)=._#VSL%HC
M+'HPUV[N;[7NH*,]4T9QPIGG((!;ES'%%Q5>FC+MIP, <5_^POB1E]/DXL(G[O=%+F',J@+&@Z
M.XH]ZF"/
MVA/`%'NTB3UJ3])2Q[&C]^`;[D["NTM?"SR-4=-S3=NA`%>T.>/W^(E?;%;C
M,:@+VZR_>%$?O)J=KC2OC0?648R/T7.A`>
MB>UB;!8"X/G$P2`IXOLTR%=,]\).!4T0QJN>/NZ,&U7Y *3W(TE3'TGN(3Q2=[
M^:3VUB_JJKR&+?V6)]#Y6!PD%>3&[\DUXEJ:8Y.I[:B`MX8)8YL"5Q1O*-Y0
MO*%X0QW+*]K#L_ZZ$17`L"**2>TG7JU-'=0;*9-71F>H=QID5ZNHIB9QQV38
MJ+MSQ1P-8HY).Y(MU7G\I+\^V"XOV>E0XE.UH3=>*KO]9NWGRI^JN$1Q23NY
M1%V?O^R]_6/J)EUM[8T7QZY2V8I'%(\H'KG8;5T=VO/]]971);$MC7Y?4M>G
MXC;="^:4J;V]F3)Y-1IU&U6=2KE:%7 ]3N-BF]6FKM)S-'MJ6U=,<>.')JANF"_C-V=;^11;CK6
MC7.]@,;;O=K9FRF?5[VQ4MZ*.11S*.90!W:UI:?^^DQP,Q=Q67HW7%?E?I4_+$K*%XWNN-&)2,K_F@2?XST&9V!/E):6G&'X@[%'9>RA^ MN_P>
MSWZA6_M:7MNY;M'WK4M],C+UF$59#,34(>;O"(KF>XYM-4*,BX"X:Q.8U%FF
M)'-E&[(Q**Y37*>X[@5S76TFS7'\5I6OX@58.5^B=O6'FKLK4^7EBN]0'X^Z
M==X-EBS&B@$5`RH&;,#JMI8!7Y@!\U)C)CZZ3]3?,$Q4$?[FN#;WP=`T'Z?B
M#<4;BC<4;[SP^(;)21ON5^:!)6'YV@PFU'SB4,V;:<1F)B.S0*0/1!\V]^'F
M8I5U/4-=>!?`F%/'`O"8J"VL9SWJT@"IP.@U)\B,JD('354L1D?O&.-&W<77
M?(A4C*(813&*BMYHLE.@$AM%=.R+MW/\7F^YC:(,C]:HB4E_T*@F-6HS45RB
MN*2=7-)>DZ-5@10G6B$A,^4+RA>$,%4NS= V64 3?BE'I#?
MT6F@V;X?\B9*JE]2@X7GJJMW!@.E7!5_*/Y0_'%)FV]33\`E!:JEZQ3.,NZ(
MU8;<3($:Z\&G7$ZSL-&U>W7`JN2-VO;-1E6T,&@
M Z'3:!Z[\<>X;"MTVQ9/K-D6,`1;.\ V8R6$SDN9;3\%/#6R-&G]*XL__[S3Z%__4C(
M\N=[ ,>>S68XR:@>VY_HUK?66VQ[Y2^%_KQL*@!!Y!_P`POD4C
MXJ__\W]HVI__U_5U-`@:`U\9-C\,5MI]./T-AM("3_.8=O-$;`?!TK"6\%W<
M'_$3O^+X]P/_"4?6^-#_[_I:C+X-9S2!'/_!NV/QX!\\%@_-1XYAU4Q8#/CP
MC\>JO6298M'@_/O#5^P*K]PU7[T==X]_HF@_4
MF EB2IG6,W0-*[H6S*EVZRV6Q%T)
M!AQWC=$O_OXRC;KV/+?-N?9,&7"&*_I!("]L=(C`I?%M/Z# ?C
M5$`DVYU.ZAAP7!QP"2>F#?VB5:6D>.-8E\H[,.\>'NYN+5;C>?-+
MB)QY#H8\EYJZJ.7]$UII+@W4`K_0!5;R^Z*7MT7R6^Y%3+U&7^GW,)\]BSK[
M%ZT)1O>V1+P8H]M[=JG55D-;L4?5[#'UO-\1N9`J'E$\HE2(8H\+5"%E1@)+
M]_B@V_P@F;?>8DJ895.FO2/^_'I\W9-WUX=B8OC8*J*^UHCZ\=G..T8+D6(0
M99\I^ZQQC-&"[5 O-_]M75EIC14EYT12#[+?2FL,ARDIK
M$F,TAR^4YF@D@S0X,N)"O6 ZQ)?-& =
M:T-=6C9<>)JSZRKMVD@&:4&2NV(0I4$4@R@&4 8U'F_ZB]_R.T@Y7VQ0NHKOV3,$; L?$D#%TF@G4A@_?Z.POK\QNQ^AWC(X1>/B7T>T9
MK_Z:97E&J_/C`U^>+[`\WW!Y?M0U_HVN^939,[F6J<4M;LMNS"!_?:;"+)T"
MHA6;MT;W342]368Y'HDTQ+^%?F#/5J4"G1*"=7%H!?0WOK8D+$!!(=J2T2?;
M"WW-#Z<>LVR7!-32+#H-M!E\E,;HDM@5*6WM'
M3;J84J8!2QNZ%LRI=NLMEL1=:;;OAS#6 [?8U
M?TX8D`#@2;TN*#ON&J-??!"CQ\%(`]``^`'+S6\`'``.:$MS6R7#+ON[T`Q&&DP9\B.):>'US+
M@:G$V[*=$.ECDJ4=P!+]-V@DF&,=\C=9[/$`O\>#+9EMTNBMF#ZVK_TP?C,:
M:*#I!$TR1RJB4PNJJT29TLSZ7:
M-/3!:O1!>PD:"07D@(6`A`,!8_01!)0X&K&9R`#
M*VF;MD/YMH2C_NK:J*OO`\XQ5LAP,-0R?';XHZ?#J/X2C$T8S .$TWM
MPQ^.``F8*&8H#I[%QY3LB1`$E+FFU/&>0:P"%*-@KCU2[Q$..6"$K,D8F7IA4)B!
MN&3*-8O6$- D*=)MC:CK>\7F&3?K
M'(6O'5BN4M=^RZ9//.B$_5 CKH/VXIAV@& K_;TT>=YE3=51?]3>(/0Q_TNWJG#?Q1
M22!F&Q3LS4QIU@:'R`QT8]S3AVT0(<4HYV64_J#?CKWX0DW96_B(B8IX*W/O
MA KWQK>5IFVJ`/7T_K"C]]L@
M0(I1SJMIC?ZDU9KVI9NY[T/,>.!6K@Q5^S^V^VAY"Z5\&RI377TRZ"HS5S%*
MCEW:&.B#-C!*N69NYAU[BW3R3>BCZ^$B2YH@?D5`W"&>8$+7
M:!GE"SPYMVI7_%U\2I:\5[YO&>,]=&DKW=;RWNY"C%4E5?T 9OSA/:]C
M[&M_IX[%LSQY0M#^55>I'BH12"4"J42@NO,O7[RM )47'*6:/2^WJ_/VQ'_L+E&K ]U^.XY"
M)U<2KCG5LI*^,"K;\@*RW0:Z,3+.F 9;X!E=?HM9KYC6U\?[I6:-&3-ZF@]%8TI'Q@E\-9*M+W>ZLBZ
MU0+V+7\M>HO_OMV3E7=BU4+7%M_]VNG`1XN:]H(X/F97_K4WZ/4'BG;1@@_^_9EG@&ZW*CZ,0Q=Q^`]O((J2*I["7I.>BPUY;[[;_G_$
M7'PP,=%^G$%]E(_O#:@ST6L4OK$M.&AKMZ)#==78)S/CQ!]=.6TN2O1'XXY1
M`36^T8#8+K6T]X2YH%?]JHD031C-EP?[;F\`S%\!]NNJLVK4U_1@'KRO!YU^
M%8M^)'H'U.EH-#$.[`=G55"]BU90>;!_\0HJ#Q&.45`]8SP8]1JMH/*@WA@%
M59;(]R]:Y/-@_^)%/@\1CK)).H-AK]DBGP?UQHC\C:^)PSVL^U=&GVPO])U5
MB1KOWJ0N8;;'T8X^)#-%D^>A`9S#)L-1-42XL?#R$(A0$>;?J!]]+Z;"OW(A
M7=4!]/UL1LU`NYMIMW/B/M*J,!?SW,W$++EXO3L9&N-34/[B!51+?%7:O]%;
MI7%W50[T\.T,1]>VH(,:-@(O=GO\->LF.W+P_?C`/7Q?Z+/V#3U\/^H:_T;7
M?,KLF70'IOR#Q>_&-V;XY5`5I"JNR\=O4O34ON'SOO;5(>ZFK[&J@FP%250U
M/3ZZ6ES?J]OI3'0MF%,-=P/BKH2W=MPU1K_XVEN/,`LK1[VS&0B,QWR-6-X2
M=1(!Y!*B,D%4@,?5'AEQ>6-Y`B`^V3`Y'P)V&O&*M@R9.<>>\_PM7G**$G.N
M^7/0`OCH+G!,80N*4;PP`/7E6GPFGP,9(66,=8X8#U9+#:;Q6CP`O.V"SB$1
MU.214:XC-(L@:LDX 039!OZ[GH>N!4L7S!%/(GGEBG"E_1J_NP>5!7)T@R;#C#)<9F$V
M$:QW!D@!L,ELLQ0^3T9M.!P9"1EY#&+8`WX1]:O>R"!98'U.(DQMR
M%H+Q$4+.G\L8,$'\B#N#U9(#XE/@$(`2)K9]/^0\Q-E',E4L&Q$40`$_G/Z&
M6R;RX@`A+-Y,1Q'U0W.N:T`HS?5B'/P-3;+.
MQ9ML+V8#9)]P-P6(X$_03-1^HK&R`3X]?(>4=X--]O1PZM,_0M02[X7,[MW`
MXZ?%PVK#+K)!&;TW6^2^W+WZ,P'M@J(Y6-NH,8P'M^$/WN^_@]P,.AJ)*CJ"
MO@U`SBS8E"CH(L?:Z70*CPBAHG>,2-`)7N
M L_-=;H*>]0_?\F3PW[=T-")8KP'A&;L.EDVQZU=*AR*+*3H2JJVW)"78EF*P/9P\KN-`R/5G4G
M(Y=?^YV&X6FZ;S=6OXH#T7LPWM"VV=K[X?>[6?QK2PUX_NK/&E[HV&;U9NO5
M]/4F62_4@'_8X9*9V2YQ3?1(Q'(+QCF! ,+HEP56G$1%L1(:NIWX
MYU"XV)8,SL?V$@[LVB-U*2,.Z%#XG7(?G71:R&I[7*JX(T)F;FI7*8?,WVYN
MOJ9\,*\SG3W OXDRB^0#J?>]9*8!IV!D3LB$\O(?Y,%#T/'7B@AH-^7U/71GQ2RV),1
MA:^B`\SVK$QZWYA!"',"Y*$3H.H)'<0'2,&T&?,6,!*Z ^].5M+PQ#EG5L0-C"Q9PB;L3W
M7.Z_PI,F+"_B^5MH/0K"Q>^Y7H`/6S9R[7+)+X$$8F(RWPL9=SQ>KNY8>'Z@
M^3`%G.!-`N1)%H[+%:./Z*,'P@/%_%V8@X-(
M<5X4J^ G
M,#V6QT@,$Q^&+WS3PJF++V*8?8!HRP'S^`S7[8#8?'A+?-O<=SKY)_>=4>OF
M"?3S(_W"'CWNH-1`G.AN>M"::_'I"*4WME.
MB"Q:'"GYYM;X]:S4KMGK1*S@>HU'G=[P=,3X+\G5BKB>D1=-R84=OZ#AVU&$
M-3%7/_-WO\I7?\4W^:WO3?3>N^2UP_9\H1NN__T=7KS-N-[B/[QKU=W6GW\J
M2,MX[3Y*@*+7`&X$"(Z(`FP^C+B)U^*!KG=BN7F@1+#D%-$,?`+0`OA\!I"'
M5CDY OD#9E)$S$9/L(X&?N#Q][+D>]F(FCB/AKVHUN,
MO.N$&FP1JO/&&`@ZE0513,'W>/TI3BN102^(E*9#\M`[>"8:_+!JP/O2:Z-[
MW3$$]-GCQ+!\3ADTO`67-'1NT;C)O$_$05-OW;B6?(>_HFX5BUC3_3=I^G\#
M8YD]21LX6HCT`YS"%WKP^+QI> A@XJ%
MOT+Q&.N@XIVNUBYK`SA],+Q6M1?3D/DTAI3CR-"RB%`U4VA+\J301H,"'2MD
M(Y`HC;(W!=8@XHR>+)P@UYLU)F>Q%`!BL#,Q8@8@\_\M#DW4YL8-['PPB@AI
M8G!F!PY*OK'HD@JS4<0YV8RSG2 .NB=8#SXVM^1B5
M9J=IQN-,%C2(*,MCI>)`;TJXXX3[*6'YIL^+QG?,.KMN4./PA?TXI
M=T+B@H*P>]Q-$J\+"FH>#I/ZQ(\4`8J[B(S`)%667[*;G$2+JQ*&=C0P5&$LL!%3*1^&>DOU3@@O\#G%>"
M$*R7'FB%"-SL\G[%#'UEOU[[%87DV6._IW@'O_)FLVM!\"@P*-H";5]Z7@4'
M2I4$'VG,9O%:9C`[%X,K&Z#`+S8D-*UCN:\XVF@W(E;C8*5T!*-D$.Y'Y$IQ
MR;PG>`D&R[80MFB$?"7=[9RO@&88=6OM\>_EM+%C*QXC!7WM*UG%VB1:LH\\
MO-A?.V+QI^7#R=#1D\HD!8[PPQ*)L#1X095X7XP"J%D`AP5C5`NRK>@U^Q`^T!, 64@?Q=O%G1)%=%[JY6CP
M!);4C\(%59\*-'K=@8@[*@SEB93;JR&K(]?1"M,8=\>]2>V4RJ5/JR-74Z
MZ'0GX]/(]-$U&3=`WU'YQT'""6*MW4N(5Z,A]D*239="<>W70,;>*+EF*#I[
MTY`O%$Y_/3&ZX_$YD2^@BLLG3B6:^1I(VN^>F:9[E71MA#Q:9Y^?+W.I[]H(
M>42^_6C8U1$T'%*G/#.3 +BU>$PF/5MU'4^T.5#OA0>&?
MN(W\+4J^B,I,`4\]>-I[-T"/X2W>Q[(5$NN=M[!-O+;_Z&I)Y%F:9O'0?.1H
MX&3]FT5#?G13L7O'A\=U>7#<6!"H%:2[6]>\,@FZ?*)=F7N*A+
M='TIHY"N914&T`#9'FD9]7P3O29(?B@J-7K\8;6D7+;$-#!+EECUM^(JN](3
MG3E[?JP&=2`UJ`(GX-;H`>WO6/GB@\>T>^(47C!\&=[%5W= $#?L1;B0$1VIB",,*!&EK7CLFPSB_/&0>4,]_\_FH+0Z3KCS8:+UP7E0"2(^73ZZF6,4H2&OW:KJ>:Z)7
MSN'?R;5]IEA_#(/Y>/K,SW7%-FYUIDEZ?W'P`$Q'MK1!DX%_]I?$C#X?UR1'
M=K\9=E*M)$MHQ;ZO[=UX7$K;RHVF1,8RV-,I:9L)^3,6QO3Q\*^?!4N(OJM'
M,^B_*&&^)B*,]W>[;$9W05AD8"$7#? ?],;Z
MJ,7-M;>T\,L3FZ$2FX8VI^_R'MAZO\7R GCXR)WFVQ_%S$#C11$M14">KJXV$'R\6W5H+R>J)J\-/6D(3/
M*)D%E-4O4*?Z7\N!8L,3/G6(^3N"@CT7;*L10EIE^8PS
M]KIJP.]GBO8^SW$=$M-OCL0`*'MND.IRT14";=?^!7(RZ-9I`F8N:RFR\A._
M_ &\EV&L@R/WH6Y4 HCE]>3_"?QW@I"Q7DO"`MNTE[A>#I;K8ECQ$K_-B6]$[$_B
MY7?RW8/1;<7Q-CJ'0F\V8(C1Q8%YS.\&/I_EFK^-U_PV6O-O1=8\#7B*[#AV
M/'0T!YZ97.]A0UY!7;5TLLR>]@!R06FK@'6V#>BP)9]HS7J>/]
M0U'A671&0B<0;4:C\G8D*FZ7KL.U(+S8/I; 29-9H^SL0SLGY>>IZM06WL#&%)>&6)O(0*=ESKT1)]'Y>@
MV6U_SO,@>`TJ(LNES4+`3!:NEW-%4ZRU8,"7^"?*%H=KI]TD-1HW(4]5RMJL
M>L;6B@*NE__;4;E-%,SR@58^[.-QQ2R87OR,X.ZK6)]#7\6*YL;3RRUO1
M(4>J6M 6^NI/N:+2GL$6I`.4B
MTG!D[*NT$0/T#02,_4Y%NP8*P/R#@L7A4/C?STD#F%N/+=]DVA^I]S$?Z*#M
M]4T4M/L*5M+J@1'7%\+COUVE?^'&!T#"`4G@0##R)"L-^[$%L@%?;7AOYF'5
M@O=@/.D=0GR]7/D2"]G&U BY'NQ4`/7G8VSB;O[$H2."G]80 1-GDK
M7ZB7/!*6")3;8#1Y*X;.HM@P;U9%`8J)ECF))0`B)@I29^+/G^9C/;DJE8(7QJ>?]
M+AH8K>M,/OU=>H(/'L`VX]]'=(X;!MSX::G^0H.W,&SN)IUKNL+@.9J19BP+
MC+W"XLIV27PCB>KH%LUINW,_QH-\BVKQ5IV2N"/-+0N6XRF0,SNL3`* :(4_)K0'@LZ=R'(G%1B ,M)7[M[=H%\;[W%E##+AE_>8=NXNP-;-G^7OYHWKS&9
M`2>XR]Z*MU$ GKU*M1N,7YOTG(I0
M+NU6.4(W#]^T?E60;6K41XZ
M^?:6BM%)2DY\=#0^=`8GA6-_0ZQ&M#(=WHMOA#%3JAG@[Z<
M6C/'*JHM)V/YYY0-WV%NN_Y84ZM,E/*Y0W.C=.QFGM./ /0[%6XBY2"9"G7:^4AF?.V]6C%5NTAZW3H*[@,SH!>
MWG6AT_T+#32\Z]+X95=NGZHH6
M;*\_MD3-N,,EF[%DY6F/$G`[Q=U J>AED.Q^Y)ZW7(MYNQ5B>JA=(P.M);G8'1
M^#2,]OM]3UJ>?:[?@^&Z9T'D"!_VSEC"8_'([?8]:6WR>7XS5JG?*.Q.\FMG
M8'>B$7O`/UR"-.UP$6>@ =,![7/("5H9L
M*:[RDI$]X'$N0R6V!8OBKO.CL$CBU>.4&6LM&2@S_R=*/+%2*3HG9_]LQEAD
M3E(+X'L+J6P#WCT"[E2_'A\^S$2WM+U]L*)Q\V02Y6]P%8V:$\!BW80.P%SR
MA?WI.!V,\SH9L?SA7OV\R/&>O9ZKS6S,E[:)S.??[+1[YWZ('MB1I'@X27O4
MZZ6[#6\.F>C&]4;!-ZZ5:A:\O1C2./&U>\]9$]NU_KHP2CS()E6B-$=XOY@:
MVIE*=LS4Y>!_S(Y?!ITJ3U(U&D?9G8?\"OCN6&]``^F8ZU!1"TL>/'U40[WM
M+#]?6X;,G.^R.V+M_35ZJIC1<3"H8WN"&%ANAJR7B,!")O\D6%AFK>0)/I@N
MX0"/B:=.["/>3=77VCT)`/+GG[Y/F0-__']02P,$%`````@`171L1C-.)HEC
M$P``)B`L``00E#@``!#D!``#M7=USVS82?[^9^Q]T[K/M.&GO+IGF.HH<9SSCQ!K9
M;>^>.C0)V;Q0A`XD_?'?'\`/223QL0`I G;P]X=Q&$[I\8>']0SHZ>__^
MI]'QZ.V;LY]&MP]TD=!X-"-9RNL>C7V?1%ER,AI'T2@G3T:,)(0]DN#D^%C4
M'H7Q]P_B/W=>0D9 TG3YX?3TZ>GIY.G="67WIV_?O#D[_??7
MJQO_@2R\XS!.4B_VR=&(TW](\A^OJ.^EN '>ZJDM)(?XZKLB.
MQ4_'9V^/WYV=/"?!42FB^`RHI")_;M&7.G'KO3_-OZY(.:-0PWJE-K?>:%38
MC]&(S,A\)/[]=7:Y*NT11GT2IQE[.?'IXE1\/YW0Q3)+ I+SEZ%^36>R9)R6SB1?Y;!T&5G'J4K1>Q.DCTC:8DF7HOWEU$QG'`^R'+
M2'`9\UY)DM1=2"!?9[DG-!:_L1)&$T:",)V%R? M35511/T:\TC,DI35)2]YYY/-W$ON\AF'>PKWGK7GC"Y:34B[J[\A_8=1P7Z4TI$#6\H"PCX>_5TXN4]$
M>)FEQSL8M*:,++TP^/R\)'$B)LKK]($P:=^`D)86TY-BPH:%4@H8Z#F4+7Z&
MI\4+R:[G?/&TI(D7?6$T6W*7+LK$DDLLJ:B8R[FSM)J5)AEC'-;2L;(+H]KX
MZL8($Y9Z,X@":5WXESA\APB'A=>8S(A/PD?AIO,QM`DQ'4V%'CD-*F``U%"U
MN;QHV9P_XFG.*:,<=.G+37;W7S[UW=)K-G[D:P`A\@5E)2++J;#=TJ[%5Q..
M;7%,^.BHO')BLN5:HNHM'E2)%1N?4L4_G_^7\0X0B073.)UXC+UPV7_SHHPT
MH&159N7A@LI@`HV+FDI/%L2JA,=/>.!Q%7IW812F(4FX_# K*(#E[N5>#;CZZZRNJ,6>WI0D@;@XN
MR. E(*=.UEUD/73-+2?6[P25NG'"(V*I_0I'T>JJ=:
M#]=R*G0M!=/',-C*.90M]D]#BPUD!/U^!]7M&ZBL(64I3"0;9A`=/!BWB8P;
M0ZBV@FX9\9*,O>1"R?9#U035IHF$8#C0ZF%J5*:&5CD^93QDL^$Q-IQ^(G/*
M2$U\(W0U991HEI89;H>(+A8T5L);];G:"VI]Q@1M7>M0HVX&K$N8YSM%+:;X
MQN@I*WU79;-K*-9!*&V*/6I\LX9N[2_EB^]`>1P$H=#,BZ9>R- ^#:J9B*R."9!%;?/_?%L(30F`5_OAG[8W)*"%RA-
M""FP1[BQUM\-0I!J@%L.>+Q-%WVMW'Q2W
M/H;":AZV+G:'KVC21*?T6W4J6_\V6%];;6V7X=>?2,PGFZ8+8*`J=5)2#=>_
MY$U`H1K5.E*-E^@U2AX(]T+6DE]PPQ0]/..=?-V%BAETXVKBUS"FC`\0U8$Y
M'QGJ7(KQXRM)'VBPOKO1[`4#U%S#XXYJ'FZ7RXM(4AZ,M\."%5^KG:OFU\&T
M^,)]7V'CZ[@(S@^+*YS2>S0@VE)#`^V`?K.B8:B=?G5GN ZA'S23&RKARZ_$=YY)-]P0H'%@5QHL-5
M #>CE"JCIJ2F_-X?G]? W4:
MTN%ZF[IEJ)5^M0[28EK>HM,P*S']'@^FJZY:ZM!:S4J_KE: -_.;V
MJQ?>>D@ZG\SG)$GR2(TX.15?.U.6Q9$V
M>4\R7RK+QHOUA\YHZ[CZNE-W< ^]R=PLP]403'= \FD0UZH(\HM&&(`W=(N,2.Y,(;M+3.H8LK)]24L%`8T1 7HMH,4:JB@\UN'+9"Q'S7DK?QIY=?$W$!>#4HC'WN-Q `]UUKV,B[RN9)V33Q(T!"ZRCO8!%!ETO.X#"]3).,V1
MN8,DY5`.D*":-7\T39L#[2-]H_&2T2#S#9M*4CK)#E.#[A"@!C5#S_C25%N!
M"M'RM=T;VDE'C>.;NHAR?),5.030.1AGZ^.;3`+9H=?P8;X*P76Y;D=.KV#)I&5?C"W%NIQ;3WKX#4JF1MJ.YC];8RL3%)[^L3
M0^5]AFI*#^*;HZ(D!]IZ0I<=T[@S4,R($`:'`+S.AMOR_`B1IQH/W^`9$//C
M3I%:4^P/2V/U-!2;MWZ:%(>`.;/J/8-*6F&%&D3>U9_NVF!_F'*^9=@=7H08.AFHJVO,15"R*)QT"&S>LE`\0P$O(`2
MC^T"APE%@V&VCL)V_?B"]]I2EP\Z5HLDR-.8W9@H<0IC 7>8SM-@4T1S #4:9P=S?EL"?/<3#SDLOC]\V4
M(>`>T6TYY(EPMF>DC7,',ALP=X1,2Y"'I(FW']7Q:AJP]
M$NEZ!UY@??716`#=\&J+`NI@&,@8"Y2CO#AIK!_?:3+W6//;!;=T[/-!C9%\
M/56]7SV-O/SA,C'>+1?M&=ZQ=(5,V]('`=-.)NL;L[;"(`Q T#;<6+`F^7&0*C8J+*3VYM9;,]&XMF-G@
M;L7U_)S $[CVX^R3:<1[`DA@V4'2=GF#QX\?WZ/A27= "I81*8-)WV\)HP3RK3?_=G&\8D(
M6$WX]D)?4\/#FUZ3&A[1RGYUUO;Z;`04& 2`V8-\]:]I
M^#JFX4.$R]>DY"_)B%_34*^_23DB&ZWO#XC
MLOUG1!#EG'_-1&[,1([H]C?T]?2R#^]M#B)_MCF@&\#=AP$^1:R%TV],+B,
M)]XR3+VHN1#24U5K(145UB:&J05H:24C?/NS4U;>YU3V8`W%RJN64&!M9+,Z
M@`:6,L&W-74K3GTS]J)L6S5!Y2%)"+"VK%$90,/*>"#,&S$39]LQ"3Y[+.9>
M7S+V_6PA5"/B?G;H2^*OH`56`5CF`EB!8*TL`!@0G@@?9@:[S13@=];,9.*<
MOX(LX8C/YU$G4U8G^-6D/=ZE[UVF&!D'CV)M+AI"D3>5@
MO53@S3US'1>,6]F%\R$_.%=\;>0717`$KFA2O?RZ9FR5[/.42;J;K 51;F8RZ)KXRZZZQ!@R7?KF5Z_T92T0I!L.P#M`,,L;+V>`[@X(\U##)N$9Y>*;(VEK\
MT=QQZ\BFVI)S9H,.3SU91( A;PXTXC0O,BXW^1K&X2);5!-A8!@4)>AE?
MT(S]AWA,&33JRL?)[:#2#E%V-IO\$!O$5!+0;",&/D_!3IF)U$WH
MQ,,)RI/A'81=P5ANKIU">-)P,!`M AF1FWQ<1^0UG\.'LMILNQZ1
MUV+@"U&R5>:65]X+IMN,'$&]R>C/@&JEX78,ZTTY\%UUL-;FB?:"Z@8;5TRO
MV/PI$"TWVJ[QO)("7P23G2ZW#X01;YZV@H2[LG%"\R:;PT>STF@[1?.F%(:S
MW1UO2.E/-MQWI5`?3>TTT",FBAQ!LD^K4(_-3P-F_H&U`=4J4T_BH^58[-YN
M .L6$D]^-EX_2173.0B%Q5C(KU3/H&K]8>5:UO"5&ZX/@UM
M7.INAUK7-M2W>>X.J`=ANDJY]/RO>C@!"&/*4EJ$24KM,;Y,-N@'79):9+,'
M2FQ!,Z`[EM9B#64F],Z8 0DF$1S7^
M/\6"9.(Q]C*G[,EC03*.N.\9>R(E0;GRYW0F`SBP4IG)BA6B7EC'`.W52/J>
MF-? ([-@+J =B\:EL!TJ5X4/`(=R0_2+O%4=^#:_6QK(\E_H
MB538&3POA@-&C(DR++!0SYR!*,^)#+6-5WF;EQ^\R.@,6#'1C#<0)GN%*1?#
M=!A_('4!@]?PN_=J/[2#%U]CBN_VWFK+L6SA3R0F\]:!A(%J_6:KG&KPP0FF
M)9!:=>,%C=8KB6;$I['/H9DCM\I.WP*GR"Q0],LHHD_B1IJJ^3LS;"*E`\/A
M1Q<33N@6+"<=B12"E"_]=A8`WZA5B9VGB^:3T16O*K+KY#9%&ST>5G0O\-G!
M&K9(M*L*[^+F@@1%#D(;M,$*-7!F*K17"+.R@"NV3)4`8P9V:4H+$SK8#F"S
M/>J"Y1D^K.O!B%=Y1O3$0ZM$QE]@A"5NJ[` ./@;HQ_BBI]P@\
M0)4=QQ\E\_UT:*RF9J@_8V**ZZG`=JC?A/-_.UB\WV'O`RIV012"CJL.)X;K
MC(OTLB[/QV_8YE@WWOI],E?>J`>%;=H1.H;T+`.^'+P*!>5[,JU\4(ZE]6!6
ME]Y'N`)MT1&0ZEHPWHJ0JC!E( O?U
ML`LK1GLZY-K-X1:B"_$*K?((H''PWRQ)95=0+$OIL=DNM8\`-.C>$65M[GUF
M<9+>DC4-U3.25._G6@,%R`0XP:J8[".,["S3U[2KJ@S7C<4)72RSM.@/\^HU
M@BEA-P\>(T/?8?P]-P\)QH]\D79/OF6+.\*NY^=AE/%? C
MGSB6+F%@77K(Z8;E,/.B\DVH7+AQFK+PCK>M2%)`)UX472]%,XO8O]\]<<5.
M-K)TY;0>7MPY#3?&N$*&]FF[V@!D*5$Y,+E+@F_YJ;!`2_5/7A+ZL"%`7U8_
M`*C*[B5HN]BG*TPMZW:=-LL/XC]W7D+X+_\'4$L#!!0````(`$5T;$:KV^A)
MRR@``.IH`@`4`!P`86-Y+3(P,30Q,C,Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``R+)IDSQ_?K/+C*(^3Y,T__NO?_^WO_W%\_"O*$(D*
M-#UZ6A]=)GF G9T>,?OOP%I/GD_?O
MWIV>_,_G3P_Q'"VBXR3+BRB+T9LC2O]+7O[X"<=149I3K2PI
M!?O?,2S^?E%^WI)11HF!=
M,[ND+TZWQ'7"L_)_T^(-K>2CHTTU$YRB>S0[8G]_O;_9EHL0P3'*BA59OXWQ
MXH1]/WE8/>7HKQ7]^>J5_I%?HB)*TIR*+7D5ZR7Z^"9/%LL4\=_F!,T^OHGB
M-:VTTQ].WV^J[&]23B===?L](B3JI9/`H;,N]RAE+> H^^(5\%%
ME,;O.R@JY>10-R=J]=#HHE`059H>I/180/E17=U#?GV:$$9^XU48+\@:)H4]TG^TJ?UZ%AVUO9V
MR89UVAH?T/.B7R 'B5L?JZ(TD6)\L^)I@P[8X1\AQER?^5Z*-U]+!:
M+"*ROIT]),]9,DMB.DK6Y.(TB9,^?5T_< UW!T-[)TUE'*:2_C2F>UNP@98E3IC@T]S_V.
M*?SO?0TJ.WG=Y]JME:V#Q;9&/Y?``(ZS#L76H4=7U>.IF).TWAKI>0;I:
M.@XVJCL?SX<8R5V.X2Y';Q?C=@]]/D/VL`\\YAIEMN)UG['N&L:^91:^^EXY\97.B33W*Y] ETZ5OL3,T>FIU'
M*>O*'^8(%;TK4<7,C89]E>JAQR6.5ZSF:;]V1?NO8GV3S3!9E![HH)::75W+
MB(Y=E:+5/^NZ;G T/&V(ASJ"W*O:TU!DF0):V^?Z'\;@M%W.L6=HBD7S=3MTSL,)E;1N0TG
M1]&S.Q5J,MCM0:`/ 3,"F4C:3690_E6UEE1\_1]'R
MA`U&)R@M ?:<9R8$;Q0>A3WK8.=$;\ W?@%%9NP\"> AGB#%SNX3AN-W]Q_N@'-Z,9;GPN&!@?Y\SED%,LJA>"[R9U7]N
MS&(JCTN_5U4!?/ Y5D!GS)L`DB-8[F4Y+U:/T+DJF-]E%M$R*
M*`5]:D1;58J&-E1?VYAHY''".G@FSJB[$JD'S2,I\NYE[V$6*6
M9`T,+V]?\70'R2A.]3%.[7$JM7L6E%,U>N24N06%.@_/K- [L2&5M=7T-U$EO$QB:@@@J-69GU!19]V52O>I465Q47TAS^^K%@%W\[X]"XOQ;736)1$/)]%0C1:E!A9[08+
M,E$]P[E&'J]F\O4C Y
M2*,\A[*NW#+M,IHIF.XURVO/(YMI77H8[Q2J50WA;#S9:;P]/U)!0$*:[#.?
M[@N?O::=.488UMK?&7U2X>5"0!`:Q!*@KA:H9./V]QB\OB)R^>P #S!,;8N8+H7S/-J5PPYG*"^V/#2> 10"LJ!YZ"T)%)P>3_
MZ(O&\R`VM,=>8*:PMX,Z\M+3W\)DW+O'H05&=Y Q2M"
MZ.2%$GS!&>'_/8_R)/\D2;49A#=?[;GE[;_^=^]RY9.GO"!1W,ZP,"%MUPY(
MZJD!#@,';%4Q]7;K5)]R%:[4(XB>GAUJH7:PO]A!H% PIYU.7[R
MU;S SPRBO]+CNT9I:_SYNC*5*71-RA-8\1H(5UN4:#<3
M50FO@6SWN,5=*LHUS+>Q;2-5@I@K;S6%]`1CH!8EVGA4E?`7";?!#>YB/P@S
MN;`&@%1"#A=`0KPY)`A!H77W&%*&W-VA*)A0/*1KONUMX:P)BR(*'(E%?"^+
M#'H6"8@TYH,8DDN384B4(G9%>[U"Q>!U66^7Z1&"R04F=*90GGJE\P:J&R9W
MB/XYG4S_7.5%5:>Y[E)O)[SXU7S]>/F_A_1V=IVPVTF2*+W#^:9]PC%EFR+M
M6TF517Q=EN0$!KA3Q31N6>JC1^/N4Z7\(*8YF^/Z6X4E2--0[6Z #;F[;TG9245.R;?D"RHV88_3%BKW*'%[9_\>
M)(Z]C>S?+4Z;VE[4#R(AF2K$.A-JXVM"5S3GZZ\YNV-HFR8[H37X6H88+S`S
M=D5_VSUR)!DJW#+=O97AA.GXF]8`E>NX];C1L'[*-[0& _QD@/">T`1*RINVJ
MW%LQPJ6DC!*00IG#1**Z:O8`04&!"GL_^[Y+*D9HFE]3'WS"V?,C(@MF3,XO
MVFWASIA^=P.4CG[L>+.M$J=8,Q#.-T?>>7YO9AFMJR #VYY+)99#
MR?NCPCT604X7U$X7TN/'K-/*#&CAO$.^WVW$^K2"'=.^G=%?IBNF>Y7]K)@7
MJ@L`$T-9@;&CU+I2!IL:RJ1SM'F_T%;4M#Q&SAXC8N^>L'74 Z/CQ[;3R@QH+W2'?+][/-2*3:+G)YP#0!:_
M[7!9_W8`,).:ZAHU=4$/9:64&E"2[0[[W4V>MIEJEQ;,3N"AY!>[>
ML2DB[8"A(F/':H>*&;C;A>1SW/G=&Q-UW6QQH)VJ[7[5IH@4=U"1P\.=MF(&
MQATDG^/.[\Z4J&OMF6R++D]92HH^2:G#`Z!)]0R,08D*'(9^MZQ$=>\(6D;)
M]!+-$*V%Z=7W) YTR2
M=]&:-3VJ-OV%K%#]VC/CJ:4)$^UD4\WD\!#=H?+V-"%5:\01[7 47Y
MKAE`>:;=&4@@9L+@T`!G76F#PL]$&PY&OUMB8L.YH,;2B36Y1$MVD9)^")<5
MD':`8H%#0Z.V4@;N_$3I'&VA;0Q54^![,3G*B%:WR+D_B,0GFZK8SY+EOI[4
M],'OY@XX"V4=;2U"4,T"3)8CZI*J-8BLY.'!S[2:AE]MR-3@T/2[^_(K]0W;
MR;_-+I-\6=U+>#L#HSU&M%6]:FC'#CB;JG`*,8U@#BJ_6RMT4*<
M+:NL?=R^)5M+5]6@@F[L0#*M`J\L=[](HRX5X3^X*\O[(H.';\=:XDM[V;A18 HU0_BO*Z!H^
M9:DKTP4UAAWJ*Z\'JJ:Y+?=W+;Z[ R^-@!U+/"7%^^8ZD+AZ#?2'6EYTV6
MKPB;5L$]DX:*K[]E5&,'FIGY;M?-,I$I$8Z
MA4!="O>ZWPCO-B9=H;$]QY5^;^\B[+Z/'0HZDX?9$]@)X\#P>SW0[M(-=OD<
M=*#[',TP0;54H\])ADE2K/G4C%9&D\OF2;'/J)BSIP78;4EEW8@Y:/N6W'A$
M=$^2Q]Y,_+EI@,=.]V0&;]K>,]P-4AC,]NH/-F7!0ZJ"+D7A![]1\JN(9+1A
ML*=A'N8109(KBW1D_*UT*=G8D6-8`4ZA(Y?)7R3T&TUOZW<>Y4FL`4Z#1H*:
MBN;0(`.9/BA>*H$,W
M$B]>_2-N[2MI^)X-3#-VP)B8[G;7!A;(P>(WX_LB6B9%E&XR\ G'\HTJX?5TY]4RT=\
M2R:O49*R]G6-23/'5.P`NQ;?[4A9%A\[:GM6F.L=*4M=.&;];BUL3HO=SC;Y
M@E'Z*\&K)5WMIJLIU9;^&F_"+FBZC;I @^S.JYV5T9#1V1#NK1/ ]:XC'#BZKRG![7[M&!WP8VF;XRW9C&DLO=#"AY1$]%.7:XF5>#
MVRB=2BR'DN^[9S;W"\#GHR5?6_+BACV:A#H2N8?_8;[Y?"15])!@6-/6`!=[_DE95+A\Z'`\ 3DL3H_0N2NC85NUTMV.&:JKMPZH2JK$#Q ,GO]GBI49SG%)=\LU9FA8Z
MY`3\DB:`8.SHT!KM]JHF0!I'A]_@;6VI1JW28L647%P\2\C'CB/+"AEJF2V1
MS3'F-ZK[$,_1=)6BVYFIR36+'X&'%=PQY#VA[<966I3Z^R='S`LC$V.N079GP$*,L
MH@9.OB?MB*629CMP@S1#(G5.2Y)X]82.Z:\H8Q>^-)'K$'#8K!;JB.PO?3.<
M@U(KI/D=T+E*7[-\B>)DEM#E2CD."GVHAF[;-4KI!AV[.7J.IPVM*A`IW8[-
MK6M@`V*ZZ86DS`[#Y7^\#\[I:!:MTL*5UP4#^_F=L>,OG@7A^3N"7A.\RM/U
M/5IB4J#IY\:DMP4`'7D+!7)R3[-W?>O&UL8V1PD)_SHJY'R#Z!1JX]9N,`-1
M84"Y#3HJ*$/&@KF)QC!0LNS9.8"Y@%>S&9VJW,XNYE'VC$!/JDCX$6Z0)&3?
M&1AE[#28%[\W>^>MOY^T*H*N2EXV7X`/C2JB*PF437=GQQN5%"&"J7[%BJS?
MQGAQ4E;0)*$U% C.#`I
M+#B[')L45ZT=#D_6F+AJCF9>DUSKTJTPWT>T+.RI?T,NY92_4^H9LJY3ZC
MI0H]AW[XM,"*5>[MC"MP2RH5MN:42K0@9EF*GQ\P+35:4'6K%S=H,I8=Q.*B
M/-YULUA&"6%S&SIFDF $XU
M:E\7I">4]"=UPM%ZW]CZ87J-NCA^F=V@XTVV@]\]BIE('1Y4160C#5CD8#!B
M4",#C3&@8'ZL<4C<5#,DMFS1P`6@E*"D07DPX)#;/PPF&O)X#I/?].QH76X$
M4JVNT^1YOGOSK+UVU!+R]:&"#6Y4XOBVJM_7&;:OYS$LRY[-:T'(
MKI#P=J*ZT&BAU:E6W,#,5'0%.;^IO0WE)METJU^[DWW`:7N:U*EL*]YE6':T
M..Q31XYZ/3L-*E0ZO2#"6`4>/^B!-8"%+>0:+`X?>?(:VS,`&XKPT*/3"RA8
MUWR;5; (HDHP6*@<7N!D91$'?T,$'F\DZG4M(C(HNKUFY6
M>P&GIFXOXF34HT6"73TX7LS)9')\.-U]YE)O9[-2Y+0F7H8.)6T+&Q+:T2/#
MI`[ E]0<8XQ>&;-/>-M$I,[QJ,%Y6"U
MZP;%+M7CL/=]_P2.$9J6+UH!48[Z+%] ,MX>?QG+'DJC2,<2PUO[.
M\),*KV?;[H0&<92FKA9X[D).`,!E+V B.GA1
M.#;HT8_0@4@[1RH/09JYTL'!1W"*>XX73Q&9)HA<1OG\-H,=I*&JK))2>9KH
M*EH4-K5)YJD-,?.5E,\0)Q)VPB[(GS^]>Z?Q%D0D.*M)%+BO%!;9N*K)9MB&
M=7'_SY_UG@*(1$\UB$+WE-PB*T\UV`R1>]]LP(_?L$$7*%"!76"-*G!GJ6RR
M[0)K?(9(DI\\WO_P_D=)@X(_\CE$ZV.0/E%:H'=%N_@0Z>:M;O3,9!`Z,QF$
MSH+VC)%%UH/06 B^TB_?,/8:3ZU"&2)1>I2@N2!++
MECTZ,IYD)R4+TC^&5ND])6 GDH%?\K71;DX#'_K5-IBVG%-A\'>;
MF$JG=VI7R`GXG<Q;,]"0[5]E5-"%:1'S6S2.U#*IY%1-8R_9/$F#17HK]"C368VV?I+C#6]
M]_O6CYA;!:2VJ8FV+\##1`>6YF94%\,DN\E$!W'WGZ@<>*.\CDP*)O]/"&@\
M#V)#^X0`S!3V=E!/"/3TMY!:YMWC4+I<=Y %W+&8G>PUSOHM_.6A\W!C-SW1?.5'ING-:A>-]D,DT54F0M>*V]3
MA(=>C8IX:[+-V61^DU%_H>US->6/]^@59
MKZN/ZM=`K3D(SW]:1-C/A]3F.1C0 2M$
M%\"CG%)_8W,+P0 !R#P.Q%6M%]L8!`PN1`YEI?L`)R":-:3F=2=T"<>(9N-
MQ84*(XR=U^0QQ/%6?B$ :'/I>8C555`ZD30BX*Y(ZWQM;8S-T>[ 41BMF4\_\/\P=WZHN;/Z^8_)U_:DY6O+.O9#R.X1%#:?G'R%SM?N= 89O]O9!4'3I+A/\A??>]8%IDVOK;4+:NED8)O74-@SJ'5M966\V KG^H`
M#)#*(-P@#1H(%E::`T'--(C`Y20N1[J<3JF^X`+E]RA&R2O; `9).;M>T3D7
M^DP-6ZP6_#G8'3HG3SDU,FYW!OV8P*EHQDR"!I*3FC%'6E=Q/2-;/J!XL2)$
M?#RE%X].0-SR."` "
M2A_0?)PC@J)9(68]]633"9AU-@>$2VGM#`7+NL"^]W/Z0&4O+/9"X$'A;D]H
MZW\!Z4`;3M`I+S61;)/)QUFMCIM*ND-8EMM)K9?Y1G2\JCQ*OXV+RRXP`@GJ
MMX^T"+R>I-(X&QO8I(1"\U*A%IL@-I6_1`MT.VNH!QZ#T=+QO`(YG>'>I&/2Y%=$BC]SD=B
M\;NG"9J^V6&].74/21F6X[#(:(@7^+@8V9V;TN\M]_B_9]/*/287;1JY1[QI
M 4^)RDE=U6Q()VCZJ$8S"1S*#['U4XS3$L27:GV[G+*"/Y`2[
MYW@$@I!]I#7(V$<0IR!2'X1EYOGZ'&7Q?!&1%V!9;DHNB]4(Y($OV2WM-5O`
MZYD&D1HLJLF5!!=ZIN12:+3)_:WQC;T.(D1IMA(A+3$P5MKL@X@&.,:*L'H.
M!BU0B,`E7)1Q`Q>`">;*%'9Y;EY=E/B`R&L2H_P+@I\4,:+=/K6DI`UE"TG6
M36`[:]7P:,K8/-.DY!U$9\)/2NQVL>#K(S1DK9,H(MD(H&!HHRT*Y&P]WU%<
MGHRYB]9EJGHVI7J2%9K>9`4B*"]\'_JD!B)^"/4ZBI,T*=:?).YV582E/C=#,/;BK^?4&J12UN0#+4$00O3-DC@0Z)J2*
M)C`>D%@8:H4,-=\AHMJ0Q,_1=Y9< +=,HWG7O"J^;
MLE"@0Z-'+"^(@JHWJ/>#7`W:'!;=]P2R0$["0RE??E\EFTGP9
M%T-'8!_$0=7R?9>;Q3)*"$N=NYA'Y!FUY_QJHOH+
M.@!1Z%`P,L[*^S*.06R,0-I7IU:[C$"ZHHI.0UXT=,CTJ(C>W8A<3L_3G `?)+]$R(H4P,]90M:Y3$JA"=[>9>79+8QG+GF*%'Z"RLEDXQ=?1Q(K;7W%!W
M+K;3-+!U.O9L/*=CV33E)LNIADP1(`U73E";!+8)O*;:ZKV.# CA.J-#\+.0!NK=TU#B
M:S=7*U-Q@OPNC3+?N8<7:93GM[-2-V%>Q0/3*AH>E(9I/)X<6"QP5JIS
MF;PF4^JK_&$>$6%S54^X/2L@)_25\JMT#+8PKI'I"W'=G`&0 ![EZ&O&>_BMU$N4QR19%K7U"S^"8E^2'TBQ
M*1DJI+J;;X0:*_9#7!)PPU2,4J["'4EB#F!`'2%ZVZ7P-I!K5SA4A/2J!".0
MV$H8XJ*"9G8:[\5:>%`3\? CW$,_1=)5R8)VO2S.@
M"*T!)1\!5)3[O;=0V\\;&V76KZO8U?/\QA&8?2@H8,M !(:?S
M&JTU00$V-[/QXJ2<=0D8. "C[5("8`'N/UJK=R$VL*GA8!G' !>NTA`Q 2KB+!4Q_P.D7(1/;S!]RBEG%555*-3;CD>'%H4!..,`=+&B*.
MSU+\R0MBSV!$"*T+Z@>MB/)Y
M]#T4O'3E?&4TLZ_[AWJ8Y9^HN$X1*CY'6?2\";=BL@3#E2:DE>5JT@`FP6+`
MTL(ZF5]W$4LUL^`: "VW10!XN9Y+_/WB%!-BSUL9#ZLGG+TUXK^?/6*
M:A*]Q0.;^@BQ+1[RTY#QJ)Z4S%O7_"M%W2> [&],^B1#6[DV9!S&BMPP!P^`*$K@]^`AB
MF[C=P!)3)\.LZD/Q.$+.;3NH/"@%54TE0U_":=S)NQO?1HJS%;B]*"6;+W=+JQ=_#L>3%#MX7EUEFH'
MWX>3JMK4$$Y25='`/O>\H-,W8=';VO6 P@:FU/W89M3V8;"-T="+
MPNCCT8_0R&KG2.58:N;*H8*:U_CE!9&S=Z!?X(^5#>V/GL8]1;/!&@MD7M@0
M,S^TBYN'*JO?V1]/48[H+_\/4$L#!!0````(`$5T;$8,P3,7@X0``%N"!P`4
M`!P`86-Y+3(P,30Q,C,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``R+JIC)S=DR>[6C&QI;57W
MG7!L3%"92(E=3"*;9,K6?/H+@(_D`P\B`)R14QTV4ESP.9^/W..7@0^%__
M^^LF(0\TRV.6_MMWQS^\^H[0=,E6<7KW;]_M\I=1OHSC[_[WXO_]?_[7_WCY
M\B\TI5E4T!6Y?23G3D^N/5NXO+M^3U#R DXSF
M-'N@JQ]>OA3>DSC][ ZC3_\]O3K^\?][?_EI>4\WT UV$OQT OCW_XFJ^^JYHH'ELXJ<6_#N2K[\1_O5]^
ME$\;46XHUIANOC;_]0@I?[^,)?0C71/QWU\_7H#:O_PH)'Y,:7$9W=*$NY3J
MQ>.6_MMW>;S9)K3^[#ZC:[6=),L:,^+7^47\.L 7L
MB!*<=DI[P[8.W$QO]`>LGU;7Y`^8OS+G*3W`K]QR,[W1US2+V>IMNO+?\+XK
MK,9_*J+L`%`9.IO^!?RW6M'41'QTR?_5\4N_%C1=T57M6=C6Q$[I6@9;:;FQ
MS98=JXG((BQ3?AUI,*?+'^[8PX\K&G/#QW\4_W@I_O'RU7&5*/XG_^B_3C>\
M=?S_BW=)=%>;D]_DW[Y3/BOB0GR!WK,?NZT5^IWV\I3*=MF2]CP,6O!?R6WB
M]$MU.KIL&F1TDW"WHKB@Z 5C(IX3
M+D"$Q+P@-G8EL__9N]"&-&J4ZRT>"/#G;+D33&M2M0+M6IGJ.P,R$W"NM(@%
M >
M15P>J(WK\:_2J7'?/"/EPQ#0#G4;L_R55>CNB7=1K;1U4#17]=1'NF59$:=W
M?.!>[-2@UHMVL`V)3H:XVC`NTK4^](#7J-:XKXOZ1H:40B'@W]##S*TG5&Q0
M:W5)H;-\4&Y(4I[Q:NR.98]*2B@E.DSH24PF0,<>+NY5IO5P'VK4*)=/2/TH
M!&RKNXI9_;8J)'>$NP!6V#DH;J]WMTF\?)>PJ%"B5O&\@]G.\\F(;5G#Q>O0
ML!ZM??D:J^7G1#X(`:FJ[F$6OZ@*I2W1+D8'-@Z*T(_T+LZ++$J+#]&F#QV=
M2`>G?9')4.T:Q$6KTK8>L`J5&K/[1T0\"P&V0( _*DN'+9QY
MB9)%R46ZHE__@ZK+`T"F6RKW9:;7R%V+R,6QTKBA*E;H-.5P^8S(AX0_#0'*
M4+\QRY]96?EVQ7LEK\K68>',-AN6?BK8\K=/]Q''V-6N$-L^Q/X=-;8M%+I`
MURI,1[W&/#(%S)X,?#`9:,@A!8F4/"*E+&D)!\$5&QRP,3VE9)%&MT \4_Z4RP&J=Z"T4`*8 AWL6RIJX`]L'ACZ-]PL@/;VHQ[`RT5_\6>'O=PEOYZ7]=R/^(
M-OP]RL08.'_[=1MG W@WU7PP?5;]!^,)(K0^<8A01H585_0'@A_B:?RT_^[\P;MXG
M>QF!2$AS/NRMLW@)H$_QJ,9?Y]%4!+:,H6)P:%>+PK[XHOPD%"2J>H.9?\4>
M&EM2'3P.M.=#Y'+)=JG8`W)VS_N*YJ?IZFV6L>R,91E=RA=%;^C7X@UOPV]]
MR([1K3'MICL5]"[>4%DQPK&6-L[V%J4@S\YDKTRNLSA=QMMDYB)F'((80L?V
MB.IBIL-D=_]!4_WT5JSX+ON;6L:H.A!]KWH`GM?.#DWSGM^I+.^8,Y"*ZE
MYTZK8W#D2'=5_[JSO;;B2O:N][FY+EKX@14T_TB7-'Z(;A/Z@0+DULMVV0S)
MXM!7;=V5K\7P)7@E:;7>+%BJT5_L/YIY$%DEIJ-067=/9]@VGR
MI)23ITE(.N;#HTJ&1.F*2"FR%SLB7/"Y(0R8BL*#V*RS4%7C;`*S34#V$X@/
M$X#'!EY%P&U8DK6XD8;"#6M..$9;(P7\15?_475T--5&T38^>)6CT!"1W6$80@2^CAY%BWB6X)]D.[JZC*/;.(F+
MF.;5>U(R@Z3+\@\@2(\UTXOC[F:0B.SJ&'$)&:DI-C%AE.E]U-B6ZI+K46E`
M+$33-`^EP!\-0P7_IT!"'2%V3;>5`W++!:N,D:JS_>>Y(YI$W['`X
M[8=-?&_=:.OKV\P7HV,.EF@M7ZE3U]&@0!T?%0)3H]O`)&IL@JQK(XM::5%_
M+M^Y))_/V2:*T[G+%+C+F.V/W"/60+9#"\!2$*`^_1KW7X6''BL`73Y&A+,P
MZ`O,+=NV4&Y4^D`6#P*" ;`!#W?UH8PD(2`O#>BH=>=QJ/F8?Z@`?7SC]^
M3KT/C:@ ]]%9BS=K8JV]P\\?J%"F\(C4>5]PSVGQ/DJC.RI&L& >E=
M)3+Y]?>A4=P7X4'[^E?B`;7%_D.RIK-O7]'U&K/_E?NOS`^ENR_/0]8\@0&Y
M=M9X&8.)XP$HY`9SL5DXVFXS]C7>1`5-'LD?CL5>X:-7KUZ)9T*0?(GBAW*F
M\-_?GXF7]02#GS:FH-@Z$E2SQ\V+S3:*,]FF^RB[H\K("0JU8Z=""(,P`[/H
M\1/R8&2+6G$AYTC%G=6R%(D;(4&`ARC94 4
M`"QZ`XZ'6`OZ&8<1;3'C++\L'31XDN;HZ$R3!VXN'DQ`4G-EO]M9[&(>5$
M@92G#Y03?*":]Y^$71;'S0;:3.'9]Y*E=R\369Q*
MY3R[24,>D74^)I9TGTDG:`*'NI?GI?TFCG*YNV%5QSW.&IG;2"7;"
MA%H0!8TJT_B+ZR979N""ROOTF`B1H/*CMH,'@#=UA8H#*ITA+V#+7C&$'.5T
M;L8#J(F&I)00OUXI\PRAI(VGT[`T?]S5S0!I9WR09WC\S>@XS^#T7TR0G\W]
M.H&Z/P88MIQN@:=7]-,IT[O6Q_"Q;]^MAX^?*
MRW?K9+#4E8`V"H.9-%@!;:X$ 9J;=U?H\SK TW ^($C:E#[N 31D/*(;4QUW>.YMJAX"1[9@#X;AS,Z.;@`[TXQ[2
M?P *3/.?TD#A(Y35?B/V__N>.`2,3!(_H:U4FG27!6.I,I;^$%?972
MQ:N>V+9V%D)&%J?R'RWIN /ZG+50[_+4VM^A((FVZ.GD$06/QQI`
M'I%2@7RN_BLTB52=>0[5/UC!#.,+K0%F$IK%;'61+C.1[LYI^5^[A*)5U><5
M0-4/EY7.T+?6C7`^@MRPN86X6.7%JOKH^Q_C2HC(TXPK]LM_T,#3D1Y79J(;
M^]N*[DHK%JS7>#\PO'UG+*UC3&P;\I?4([4B>5&K?O]MH=LMFZ'#.[S<=EJ<
M15GVR,=R?Q.O$ELE-4!'F\T&.EYXWO.".]UG[]"=URH[>SX_A8P$@DOOXC05QTU_(X`%WH7W!]@Y
MWY17-_)=%&>R>6+31#C1+#'MV)S%D:_&>I?21
M;*+L-SZ$7^_255[=.TM73V[TK@.3D=>&?K:AML*$F=Z@WT.BV?-P7>,5# %'0SV)JCDZGSCUIF
M*CM55E''U1H'6LZ!>@OY2-1T\B'Y+!X3^7SNU1IM-S*'7[U'$)5XAPRPO;EQ
M_W=>,T9I<95]C._NB[=?:;:, &C39+?1]GL3P#=D^W@L
M**.!FSE%M!C3GK"BR8>=>$N'QSVZW&7EU ]1Q;HIS_''TL"CE1022@2;GHTH>>\1IYK>/W:!4/@\Q$HV`JRDFC ?.?&'W+U]KN:+J,AZ^;F"5KG.LD
MIP(>MHV*?*,;+04,VHN60#D)VA:9F1$6W 8"QEW[^[B?Y/_PZH=7KX[WN?Z(
M',LKJ>2U5-7<4+0K[ED6_S==\:='/[_Z^>BGG_Y4/XSS?$=7LBAGNR(O^#]X
MT?DTD00MSSI":=;%UGU[9(&17\C^@ $QIV_64Z14N+%DST.QQ
MIX)^.+.DAEY5HQ_J`I`#;06`"D.;X1#BM(EF)E(,)2%BM"6QR;&W[94@`S=.
M).EI]XBR3R`!DT71VSK"J+O%0)J]DI8X?=LAD.CY`
M,E?ZHY$45/5_M1^2F:H=A2A4[G1$L>N=EG&O! II:6G+GH'U.7FT9:E81[M:7Z1+MJ$WT=>W7[ D;FM)U7)2K
M:SO>UN9$4^B.`B1K>S9.LS:=L%/\^ZC%$-ICX/YD#XMRRS)7WF9Q+I@02TND
MB+X26MH*YDY-+,`R+Z@91)LIAGL!:7H;YV<79JV)T1;/U"JKULJ*A=@@W
M1"I+Y$5EZ_LCLC=']O9^9YX=HD*FWLQU=]/\\[];&VP#DXO512TL$WMY7:9 040/]"R)K"YF\-5K94][=00`H6-(^2Y+Q>?IH!@;6K1D28O+EF>?_]C
MJ34_QYU0PJ;UX)#,-A;Z#+;W.B-K^6^>%F5]_C'.X3?^C8(-,V'!R5R$3..R
MS^!%SS>M\J+SG`B!D(X#,/ II:IBF]A,.W&_'.
MLXEE'2&(6Y40-J.D6:\\:GMP8L]>49F%Y./0B-+M2AT]!C^\@1127DN%EL5P
M"+`_)@H>4-FK0.10JF!31>'$E3@/-+MEINE&:[=.;(+,]+C%UN2,C]WC0K(L
M,';ID*'CFJ'G#,Q3:&MY"'H[$"`1Y_SL'6)@\5@9Z%NGTWT.Y]H8S]`$9^G\
M8'/>>;A^2??8%'6G7V/CN!X0!\ G!2YTO`/ZS\"YEI:6;P/K\W&MO(%>'LL@UL"XIV2P[:1/.A>=FGUV
M.E-I:.,%E8\.#K7$M+:SD#(SL\L)`&Q"__3X9J/>(9Z]O[D9B+#%>K*A+E=G
MV5@]VK4'5GO:23W-^*+2EWNKMAE[B'-1_P:S<60Z"(?Q`G>S]&B;BLB"M47Z
MX.'F' *ZUL*B>!L%98RD+-(T!1Q2.MC[EY!"12IQ+7J8SU7*HZ;_$WWJIMXVY\W:FI+8,@E:G+K8O&
ML86A??&'LY!F=(&WA&;E:AJTCO?8TKV:]OR@!BV2(6)MUH6Q:OKW=/40\=]5
M;*,_IUN6Q\/;-LR23=S62$ZF%6C;QSX)HSRJCZ>FS[F'F;.
M7='G#:C4)8W!ME\8(89FHY\)"))!N90@M8A?TMMAO
MF0#FAO5"U4\""4TDB]HLYB!3ZT%'$(WBX@,K.!VNHT>YJ5'0XG2YS,1YCQ=I
M0?EW+H*9=#7T+G/IBRX]U/)M9N@L!L():%>G04K)"KR]FX!=#V6(WI,]/WJ;
M,LT$"8D5VBUO%GVAXX5R7YO6IC_LH-4>!A\C87,L3@>X+QWQ$6:,70O@`"!;HFL2L*I743[!5*)>#W#X+8G*CI,F;[
M(P_QW97M0UME:590_YV*TV3IZI0GT>B.UFGK8U3T46 8/7V+%@
M(E)W@BX=[37@I-2W.B,QRL-ISNZC[([F^K->[(0;DNB%)U-%9Q[]U#,K=WKN
M&`WLSS)[%Z=1NA1G)IZQO#JZZ:RY;)*\HW.?#6Z)!#:FO_K :QTX]H$6X,R]
MI7POQ&ODD0@'>O`6Z$T>;9BGM]$]NC+$\RKM\:!@G567J7D'JJJH9_!S"`"B
M!WVCM\GH:X=^L3VF) I,O#!J"/QX(0T@!S9Z>5C.!Z*\3[05^M2@2
MY53&<0?"1C\V-`/5]P3;7ST02MVN[6,%D4Q]H::02DO%'MCZ[+RI=C+;;1EV
M4^IQR:2$Q"J]&V_EE)5;&[I9&`ICA[XC&!2DL^\J-?WT^BHBVG@\&`[1JRH[
MES@@;-=7E73`NY$/@55#N>4#K$$57J/?M4:P!)5M!WS;>H)O;TG)STO74ZUW
MYP5>W%81XL?P7L#&0*:NV,1X!7N"46VI>N![JB;Z1\^EGNZGFFQ^3YZG?"U5
M6,0R9.YYF15PCG?+XVZYVG=`.73.G9Y7G\Z AJ[6Y$`Y1'`44!4]=.U#-61LK*@+;
M>S\P7M%'URZ.,FOLNRN^L!WD^F
MDQ[N)E-+XVWE4=E'/T7)SI_E3A[0PD)LUEFU1R.MG61A\-+4_>J-.Z8^`G?M
MJ!2!/3NP#_]8\[%I3.=K(M#Z&\9*.;E7[#FBS+PY#`%F(43RC^7Q^T#D[CWM
M1>KF*1);*GL^-GEU3=MPH:VQ^#6E49;257-;01B8[W>/`N.*WU0-Z4I0!>&.
MC0`0FQ8?]_=$P&4'+#C`\5`0#=)]TUX.W3`XL\.[4GEQNERRG;A6?G\WQ]&^
MX!#GQ87"!;"WE;30]0O$D+Z.FBQJRUX!A5Y,P&[&8ZE=0@@)TA()J)#``)*A
M?)B"I!"*AJ:F^4O& *[8#+`2E!1 44-1,2@9&@
MVYDZ$@Q^>@,'I+R6`RV+X5"`_Z/^K)K5_DASFCW((T[E>7Y18BPFG(Q`%+(T
M@DTQ*[Q//N5F?J>+; +90 J?T+BKHRG+.R\JW^WEJD*U%E4Q(P@4HV4:/\EEK]T0P!+?$C?%VU2DM&;6URTFA[83KH[V")RM0"=^KK+8I-?KO-+A&M
M%3=\\F05RZ,6Q&T84 ZB_7AN/IDZE#G^]GW*`"I=DFCM^D0,8O`V>!D-E^,N7HY(
M1^*YP`921PP72POY4,[RK Z*:IEIW0"+
M;^HP:Y/(*$5-$8OHS'$2YTA:LCG8*ZLQ8,04!=-
MQU!P%9--?613#?FI?0X08=M^G,N;=C'S(D[)BB5)E+5JF)F/ZM1WIZE. O]3`*)28$P=AR'+;.P&
MHI`&+Y;SNY83NMYFM.D
MSKBWR.IR1Z1>USRM&.PT_E@@6<965R3ACW?:UIV&/".JN[ZOL8CBXY\7E]TL
M_=P"D>68QQ4_LXY\_KF+BT<1"EA*T^*.H=I.9`Z_>0_\*O$.\F%[\Z$^RUAVQK*,+LM[ 2'?,?Q( U4)@8:
M&R>8\<3!GRYL6)M9-!^2S^7',Q/="0AL?$=U:6NCW6:GO;>@2'C-DGCY6/XO
MM!?*64]#1T#/`R>5GGP34^?4E9VPK840)U*>M.$6'D_U,#&0U=B#9L8J39AH
MJ_$[/W??/+9:^BZC_]S1=/EX^C7NE_8.&GV^ZC2PF`K[\,)1HSLK=AJL+%I/
M2?.8?!8"H211"S2H:&G770`A864E%4V^YB=A>>" ;55=ID?2[P
M@:59_:?8+9#?B,/!(*IBV>T3>KI=+-I/;8F7X(#4**L0@N(+*@#$&?)U\2Z&
M]&T3Y+/4#R4.H4%=%:TP40;$M*DNE)$/I]WSQT=5_%;.SCMH:`85`PT/PXF>
M#]\#";4[UR&$RDHK=AP1H&`)8M+?!1N&D82F\\QCB)ZR:?2@]#4_)2>$%FCQ
MP(MMQ-(%;W$!M36AE3`NBP_X_CKAJ+0J2Y>6W3I*K<0YA9H"1UH/:(7"#S^0
MZQV+%0Q4-]AU3W`K'.=QODR8:'H.[!:T$>V'0:4H5E13&$??.6CAS"KP0.H+
M4^P0#SB26+82?Q2D-802QY^V`DL51P+9/V:%%E50,/0JP'&%EI*RH'7/H$3;
MG&CC:`HBCSNC]);0LT46L$,1"UIS[@/_"Z_DQ?[`JY0W;LOR6*S`7ZW+F--#
MLI5L]1,99"=R26O=.L+;'_=IXT]'*;/^X@,MR)T8A?&8O9)"42(V`(=PD[I=
MQ[,1_=,EE%:MS2@+^[X1AA:NK3Q-`M?QMX8N(%[CP2N,B/TI2NC5NG/B-'2O
M@9O2((;KE="HIG.#.;G@Y-&.>D9#B[]4]./,HPWU0F&>%2J4%+3M,XB*.GTU
M)\T>#P9(IR1@\1:(FV<<9!Y7T"Q?YNP@M'USQC;*>)`4N.%_5M=G/'_T&C,)
M/GQGS2TTI5F47*1\C"+NMJ\NB^XG$[U4G3T@J:GL5-M%S0]:%UK::307S: ;@3'+S*SJL"^6I]R=*[R_B!KLK23[^;
M=(J)ZE<<9V(BH<8XQ63;!/\Z*HXVN]AKBBPH-%XF0J5:Q9F7O9-0QO!ZO O
M>*T4E2]TA3+';.I8YM0+/3:I%3J$T=GTAQK<0^$,CD:"Y[B%GF*2M&I][0)J_NA67-S;;@+23!EK)
M3O4(2*+$7J5M_.I,Y\8 W7,$\%J\=2]YN30GMK=+
MB=,D85_$LCZ4IB+X:)5QR
M/>S.<=3=WT/3&G8'PF9=#^L'VS8;8#1:AN$V[J68)@=H[ZW8.)J"H>,VB%JO
M&09T028VM$QCD(G8"F+RLUOGJB9\@?1CFBM%,ZR?,AIEV,\@WJT#:*HH?EU%/ M]LN+^BE6]"GM>9E9ZIBVB@(MC5:VI3G9\H\#X6>O>U0D&_ZF`%%*027:VS;F
M1VR74/*ZC?^D4=9JK=T$KDY3/U.KUO0S):OR=8"Y5XW;$9.LH+5%>KB`(9LH@9^C:$%A6NBGN:M2XKM(L&D)8^"@RU_+"_[^DS,+.K/Q;IS]6!V @#1]T%;M"[GJ ^`R'S&
M!V2\C=DYE2>7*^8A+!5`Z@X5T!G;=^&7J(`W-WXJC2P^B >&I/`?&M3O!5/#A-5U6L:%W69#WPLC%B'(KIC7@KBG5N
MO2=:VQ:,*YN-AO=CN2KURC/3HU*8T'+-*SCN.Z'.JJBVQ8!ME:VS9U=WFUL4
M4"RIC[2I&OV!*MYVL%8!XX1*!3TJ#)WXC0&@/S?&`V86%7CXV+A\+NY)2%D1
M;JVMP866R?I^,_%VJ*UG*>0M($Z^BU/Q2NM^_&[.YK`*R$F5"CHGATX.,HT*
MNG6C)F!F47U.$CF/%>Y \W$R*&VGI&0MP.!T>-^&@$-STPT8!ZZ$P&//F=.]`[=>.RSM:B/$(I%P1FM5QU
M!Z^U>J^ P[QM3_E-*V],D.)D3Q,<0CKU`AIAK:'?&6%B!
M^E/!EK^)`TUHEI?W^GQD2?*.95^B3''@TAAM,)@;M-&IJ/7GYQ#@$2UPXZS9
M(D3BMN:_D%*7?!;:I%*?_X"W47#3LMT:`R;Z:PWI`X)%&PZ/?8^)R Y1ED?(H@JF6VCESK"6,+.-_IJPJ1F&"/+!.N+\SC9R=-3J3Q'59Q@
M\J42("]XM,FEO>\#B"@3`=F/+M.1H0@TXXP.@LZ4MLT8?SI;-@EKYF)V(UU0J0KO>T1[#F*1*9*GL^B-,U;4.2ML;B
M(BC@]WM%`7+%3ZD&=+W\H0!OQ\;L0.7D>4=IN;7FDD5I?BG*[7(S9YS>`0"V
MU.H!VZB%!'B#'Q]$L'-I0Q`;2PUQ2#5ESU*R;N^T#X-0MBA1$,VA"]4$-!A0
M$=/*Y^R$51YF/WPT*-I0CK'?&_-3AED>8-\3W],AA)/K%7VA+)?T9];OI=0%
MT.RGU4MRZ,]STXE4WU -78U^$65&O>DI(2,V^1T'8:L_^1NX!6
M2;>!#5N;%^#Y6;2-BR@!=O%J9=H0'\I@8+QOU17DQAO$=%Z,4%?J];`>S(U`
M^I[LXU[WPRN`WQ(%]MSQ=$T)9KM!Y&X>/XNT7Y[(A43Y\10H!EDO$0F7/)
MHVS4?@^W+D""4IT0J9!"8SPR:'3D``/$*&TMG4]$GRIT>\-X^8ZA!!1`RUF8MBUKM`THB
M6$(1S-%*H:%-U#((-&]+D4[Y B9RNZ$I>SK;D">1`:P3!&
MU_]J\AAZ">210@^@%.C!.]1\5" 6KIL/6OI'1%@@
MT@39VWA^+Y-!&$CA`@=T.'IC\L?G6-(M"`,CQ`;4"R5>@$((H=%'U%
M0,=P-QQU/:7.-,?R.F' O@Q2UBS:T%0G.IF:L'$/`S^C,ST/#>J#K>/!
M+/78]#9S[Y4^LV"M+IM,UCV#"K'`,3N:@BA9`J54O'+TK4`+K)UPL#5O=;5O
MFR8 L@+DS! W.E;\J*XO]AV3%/PV/FQ``#)34])"9B3UE$P&5OH+@W7NZN:69
MAF9=`06K:@%$$I4F?7&F8]V6(BVEX?"Z?!C0"*C7:0`3AC\S#/Q2%L)YVU(0
ML*[[1GQV4=#-V` @C4NF11I&N]J1,@(7>#71EE55/
MF*ETT[^5RF`W*(Y\I)LH3CF1QY1V9F4-FW3*'B@&N_/-.Z-G5S(:#"Y^37>Y
MV.Z]$?>G"ZH6]Y0L0R_Z+,!DX*Y=%YL)#=LQL=S4@MFH_SX2YP=6EZ_*FQMZ
MU($%JM]+)3"1ID.3Z&,MT(6. G,)]1I>I#9
M_N9=;@QEV_B'+'D!!=HP!C;OCHAC`!+5W2A/'!/`8&(,*.8X\%;&L0L/@#;EL#>J[11'0Q^N[VC1N_@%P6A*R4!X+:LS(C:?[#L
M.A-WC/(Q=Q+E^3D3I<4`O7JQ!L60V&0TJPWCHEKK0X]NC>I"/B7U8R*?D\^E
MQ,S#6&._,K`@?J.273$
MJZP;T3Y4JI#>/`@'Y.HNZP, R;5!#EN8#=;2A
M5^L.UY1%O%&NAC@L-Q7ID&54P!N 0"H=.NCM
MSL?PUIZN+M#E!_W19Q`_R7= A$(Q7XG
M7"&V.!C".:U:&->R)/S/[W\LEZYGIZ*B;YC%3SK@Q5ZL!^^^
M/G8GNX5YTSED2O-.G7S\#'H9#G^6W3S]_ '?\._&F8N?I,&_F8>R$;X%:
M3J"6$3-',^=]Y1:#M.G-\1>[]D/])3="MI45 4PAA^^?-4+>-$J
M@/H`=5,^3E/\TJF:5!%6R'6+3R^$)3X0_Y[L*X2]M2.RMT?V!G\G'(BEH"M^;X6YK3U`5KQ3)=D&'*%:9HJW.^EL/Q%N,"
M6/X^1%W@V!2_=#+7!?L%\*=9%\Q*."_+X+B,"[`NN$@?:(XU7^!H3%\76!OS
M$\4LW1^J+G!KSHA`YN)@7Q?LRM#%_Z_2#KTFFN#8#/2S
M:U";Y2_@=? EW
MSDV$S=,AW;QEQ9?3Y5(7EE5<9_WE.\YP6>?_:EP-Z;`J2`WB]M]%#
M*7.H-NN#[F%:L=AKB"/@R(HN,QKE\M3 Q
MJ?0IS_(NE5A*2K_"D)C!*EW_'IP.0(1O(3J%6;[FURR)EX_E_][0K\4;WHS?
MK&M1O;JQL(34O<5QM.C7%#59`?D5*)?*[^*[2)5)_[I*29T.^<=?W`?]9\
MN!-'I%VMFPVPG^B=;&T_\9GDZ@P'RTWE.&09]650@Q,M9[6ZB_*Q*+-O=WF<
MTCPG>24P,_N,7 Z%')TBEPQN]W=GXT;3G[= Y(YOB;=]D`JK398+`;#AM,+#"A'Q_UZ'OV(`].
M4"\A?B-\$5I]%AC.K?#M@&LMGE&J?J55M+(>M.[3.3NW8I.=
ML<5IS)$?K0L2I2O2_/$VO1/E-ODK359DS3)R6:["9>13E,Q\(M8(/*D(ZM33
M`'&--I2,MO1\4$CCIP!KMWAH[B2-4D.,'4L=LE ZBMQU1$H]4BF26I/L5;\]
MJ-ME,:]8#RB;E<=Z?BJB0BZ8R`_5UQ2[*ZJSF%81-P9H7*$ONCN[=J"_R5B?
M^:1Z&!2Y;0`#$]NR*[6 R@77,R8::1G*(5WF@P /:4W&L(9BCJF!8)^>>G%4D&
M&)L02%3]/2V,U!:G1)%NJV:DP&RYN-\(7_B?DHFYG:>8B'W1!RD-8_/GZ23A
MFWN:T6A=#&YMGVIF5!)NFSEH!-H[]K+Q=EP;\.)/S_1B__=3"B,*D(T.(^H.
MGQ)%]A;'1Y%^JYY($#G;91G_9%($Z=D8%3X:&P>-'977F:OW;BOP0D?;KJC;
M?WI*$:,/JM'A0M''4V)%96Y\H.BT9RZTSU2H]UK@!>JC2_3*QK=.$I2Z'),E
M3Z 7/U"4U:J^G;&K57L[AYZCKSW//C76;PGJ-'W'MDBROSRE^*$"VI1I
M=E6?3YQEKTU.FF7OMFM.)LRW6M5OA3 .SQKF?*["['
M7T^Q/"JG_\X6\\'73PB_2&.T<96P\-C=UUTC)TZ$7WQO7LP^M!4U#7
MWKO&Q0#[3T\IDBC1-F4!7=GO$U?0&YN3UM![+9N5$//M0QDTPQ\;)NU%$9:>
MXD#;)YVP=J1XX-.LB3J[B]+XOR-Q+<892W.6Q"OYQVFZNN8TYBV7?UZMJ]L[
MHZ1Y\P0\O@W39IV^<6Q.#5P8K4#=R8+8(&TP0_.S:)N29\M\VFTV4?8H#N3X
M%-^E\3KF`_/NX"'P393'^=6Z_3W>
M5*>-GM-\F<7;ZINV#JFMD`H>>74(7Z:0B>/+5RC%:)V/L[@.T-Y1$1C-_Y3(
M'&@X1F6539C&!J]E^,9P:Q76\;Y?Z.$#;Y1YB);.&CF.NZ%#WKF\]W)$I!\1
M1-J>^,?UR=TM9^5A@ZK*+YR#V9Y=L(&&QL\FVLPZP"[N:?9!+#;F]]6)K?V:
M$):H*SF5Q-0`.K2).C`%S6M#%:"UX)^]%!^2."TH_V9S;^34=!FS_HU[=!L*
M=T@"V9H7V>+4U[PZ?>0#' W.-DE
M`&A#7=;'MN8G5H"[)SU`M]+:;/"NYVW?L>Q=$M_=%^+^M>VMZG,0M6OX5.
MR/ERR7.[F2:*"K@2"HOID
MZBW_>>ZCG*[FY8\%&IAKOW6Y!.NT&66R/#NO;MBIZ->,2NY?9VQ+L^+QFN.G
MX!6=B6R.VCT&6FLCT=+2GS57?RFYFM([00/=M-6X%MCPV,7BXKHBIQP&1NV3
MY9L_:'FR?!CL=867@M(C^ES- 'P6$>;8QGI&QGFQTT2DXO#E5Y9
M^Y!:\XA(W2,)_D;]6T0],.UP6-C/.350-_=J?4YOBXL\WXD-R6>BP@&RGD:R
ME^&4DD@,5]CVF+E@;S;TA;07XF,25Y^79648)-3UL8)PALY0 0$7CUK&V1M:-+(D%\)'9!ME
MY$'(D1=Q2E8L2<0N/9[Z22ZTOI^9C6Z(85/ZLT=1*_T.6QT\!L);V3(M23L2
M2D96$JCTDS;1M_'#/NS9M=?J4RDDHG1[#63%X&?644`*PWAOV?(#!;SZ!K8_
M`@?'BICZAU +&GTT!Y2*J*&Z)**=D25&FB[&>0'E"/Z$C2UH&Y,K0MJ7S-8
MT$LAK>%71]H#P5KV?3-LZ,J58GT+0XZURK>P2:9"@8%E0%>9:=92-/%LX&-.
MHFVC>%7M'CM-5W)YY#3/Z7#!P4)T3S&-Z'1^@<8]O.1AX 1 N0YG#[]\GA$*\RP30GB^D($95C8=1,)%QM'Q6
MPN/LNHK;PB=`+RB.10>L`=
M,MHYLZ4,;&/QAF49^\+'.'EUOF+YD+R+EG$2%X_AT$B/`X!2QJZ"V:54A9BF
M\1,$Z<0K&N*%/+;:+0N>3('!HZV"@G:0`B+OU"Y\$4_KS99Y&B.]Q)5S2>,F
M:W)/DY5\TT(>?"HOYQ9*&7TI]==T]HW8]A@"*&ON99BS:EV(M#I/8;'6[A4+
M=TT=CWV]6F'ORSNSQ[]+X6@-XGH)SX;4XO.GPFF'+>;C>MR"Y18[RUU]'Q;=
M3B,KIT&XI7-$D`^&8L4];6>U=19MQ,'>V?Q36X>$L\4XSA^>9Q[SJ1LFCWIX
MA$[: D,MW+D8XK-Q;&!V?:F%J=U$7H6;>,B2MHG39W3;4:7L?Q@
M=E:[X89-Z],!G:TL]+CLX/6`L,681QD/OHUI^M= Q^'RST#GZ,HW+.R
MSS@[^8`D_$F@O%1`P8:2ZKZR).->V8J'?5^'P9__)#+TAP`^D
M:X:8!,H0\L*GW>T_Z+*X85?9Z4,4)^+$]W 7XC
M)('4@6.TEUVF&D4*`-.:@3RYA] U:?95D0^CQ;/'QD'X!FZ0L)8WU ':YH=#2
MB+YP_@8PZ%HRCP9A".7RH($?=IM;FEVMZZ#TB27#5^Q&Z)I2A5K7%TM5WGR4
MLBZ.1W$7M+ E'0
MC6(WV00C8X:\+2.''.(V;F-60EGX41(JT$DOE'(G+LZ.%FKT5/(\Z[S4Z>']T>VTR).@:38V(0:/*0$0EHQ&SQ2=\>
MM&BE&\XLP#4AN`'61X /:@$V$8]=\G-*YCUJ?"?R&.<5#
MH7\XXW@(^)_,4JVVG&/C_F0$[N5$'%".BF=_>/VO1[_\?'+TKZ]>29M_^.G5
MT5\WNOC(R+*D6IUJ/OIZR/"^V]+Y7M0R?QO?&J*%7
M7[R)!,=OB_JLH=FY:.YEYMX;`XJ!6CTZ&:Q[!A/FPJS1T10 (*KI-0@#7GBNO'\M*\ZXCGD9LL2O-H*7)_?A[GRX3ENXQ"[U*-
MT*Q^/B?-B9QS\.4AGKM[U]'2U=JB4B!2@[15YN7G&.BPR7W:):^#D3:7G7T?
M%K]H*62$7T3H'NNP2_9*`=T`?UA,`QGI,*`.,%^=LTT4]Y?KK&3U.:F6] G#Q"2?2[$PB=CK=3/UAIUCQ;52S8)=;?NAT>GT:]P?D5M(
MZJE42OHADK!]`!JUW(P@4:.MHY`0"I-`G9XVTZ??)5;D$4H6U-G;#HTXE\!^
M-5MQ/84NT?:@F1P;2:!HRF5+34V93^#I$IH/=CLE\D+6%O)(YCR5)YS^+;`Q2
M+#*AH0OM,J/"B$VF!'V'1N3\S6/[B7T%JE$TS#>J%#U-UPQ='8#$L- ,R
MC''MQ .,\I,I9_!@S;E?2LZE]$[TF'YL9^=3SST;&XN]F'@M(*A[G.RQP$9V5Y]V
M!M4N[ZS\'`)\B.,B2V^3<7?_D.T2#N&R6;B*^1G$PWT#9N965RHR>87GMQFI/R`:^I/I
M9B^?S+W+G+NASQQ0J 4DG!/`*
M+1NIS/KDCT,.`A7W/*D?!I.$M%VI(8DY]:CD=60().$\T'1'/](ENTOE5AUP
M%LPDV!`!%IQ,!LBTAY55@RL],[3*B^HY:0DLP($.;:E7V*03I=FNDM>\4@XC# ^#-'H`;?$L7/F1BGEE8>8H3TT&EK3)1]14S!]44;V9J8>MFII-191R6DA2,M&8WZBS.![+3(
MFM..JJE3H1I.JK/J>C:BAWK &6V/QNG/K%=<7^ZH5F\C)3C=%B@^C54
M`A,I,S2)R1/0NHX
M`^NHXQL+1[9$4>LORJN$ZFFY0$8]5CT-4$;;(3!O!FH0>P#[\U%H2=,HB]EU
M1A]BMLN3QX]TR[*"KM0LLA2OB604G\HE@P-4.MGYTC+*QH38759_3/:2H;#+
M%@%L7"_U.&;0[-#,RLOL3/LU%>>YQ^N8KI3O?!GE>MQ2R"&1:F#9!YL@)S8T
M4NLNZL='I"40R.MAYMY5\$;;$6K"#%143`'LSDB1>[K:)?1J?<8V6Y:6^Z[+
MN:B;Z&OU6NT!>5):^)Y^E,1+,@=%A40N:5@F"6[-.SS1-/Z>WMOD:%ATD9)4H
M6B09&O>84D%G=N$`4%]\8`7-R39Z;/9$1 ^C*-;<1I-3'/K4=H(*XH!G),5Q/+;P:_7
M89][.VSK=E?+BUI%IO%(*LDA8[)7"R7 ?[DG2LA%PFIZ3-Q;CY\,3)XR4#!TP:)F+W=0'2=A6
M'2W$V#G$W6LPRK==2'$PV9S#N97G/?Z'L+HNV]_$RXOB@
MD7V8\.-($5"P'2&&'MRF>1P;>&JJ;4SSX'RQ%R)QNF;9IGE[F&VI>)4XO2.)
MW%" J`.$47\@A0,NKD\H-/OX9D%'!P_#(U_-G"\T]`99]>L$\MZ-
MV@=IG)0#+G&:K?13# +_DW.H^372'&N79+L6.L#%=AW:S@+2:Y^/4S:AS3!,L%)&?+"[$-
M;% "%G9!,\19]IK;$,1%.<
M=)>SA272,B7K-6F,E-;(WES[3/&J5`NF/IN,;'4H0\`6&-5&V@8"W*26AA#K
M4OY#/?X]7M'S.%\F+-]E]"K=%W^R].L5AQ?I1;J*'^+5+DK>L8S&=^F9."XP
MBRDO',M_@@=!SN%Z\/X!HOTGIOK*>8?*AV6T;OPS1G(R'(Z `KZS\WF+ZD$[\6,.
M4-/,#8+46'-H@6I$&3-O4"MGM[=^`;IN7FS2Z
MCP.;]!^#1:?-L`9HN.Z(59ASVQ8+MB>`X/*)WI4+#.(8/QX$+_:[!M\\5@_U
MH<79PB"P.%A`"RO6/OT$%5?W=B'%S6HGH%1/2:-+6LHRIM02@443=_@I8\DH
M/$"1Q-J8.HXXMB6$*%+PBNG-XUD2Y;DA6D"2PZ@PE,1C?]^V)Y8#;BS9K-3N
MLE:("')*H>"H"?:UFH*Z3@&IUE9O5BI!TU[5SLX)+2WK/'>*/"L2+_51;^A90VB#!R1&HS8M*N-!3P[-S<
M?#+.Q\U%J%EGX'IE.'1YE$&LSK"@V-20`1A&+6GU/K1TUZDN]A/HE5PXU\$;
M^Y6Y]4&/6H!&ASE:J\'PHC4\O8Q3>E'036[@B$X%X(M:!9D[*B:3QY\(I
MT,Q".ZU#/@MI(L4#(YL6(!KBF3I03T*5MHZ0L+=@R+G?``@.(>TU`&HJ-9"9
MJ?#A2DR;"Q*MO;K0$[*BR'YAL5`'!0T)#7VEYZ!"64=!T-=A\( (-A]/KK#K83DY2J"]F-$LV
M[-!(3N8':!N7(28W>H[HM1>E`#DEC4BUEA7(#8P67 961?)9?#8W![1=QQQ^
MZ1[N5>(=Q,/VYL>Z #]M0%Y!,4_)V&X'RR@>J4@L!.&C"?&F![`@#\-G]0
M;^;7C0%G8D&!/EX19UD')KW@UFD&5:W4QF\X ?N[FG491B?;YY%:%HM(
M*NM>F*1Q9$4E4'_/I:.ZC&O=#M0%C$VSKBX!`#B,??+!*A[2*>H#CKAI&ZC?*5
MN6K.05=H07+]-#"4P^);W[*7X@IP8L4KI>ZB?'6S>9DSJ#(*[%05>72_/T"8
MOHJ2)6J[,S+#>@K:>M[9XV0SU@RSS>[9:;/+IBGE]BPRE1)_GILF;A/&8V:)
M[::&G>:#<3&$6,:8W(R'S_&SQP]8FDP'T+QE2+]E;^B:9?1&G&"\RQ[E B`(5BI@\XDA1?G<2HKHL0M+,->W2@&V5G(VUHJT8IKY%8*DZ*2)KD0#XV`
M.J1HN6CH2!,K%>IZ@H+^#@51CW%?XQ$%GX-L\+:#T%J^[*;GCE#KQ($%T;#2
MB3%W&!.%!\H=(`6,BO=E\9XBL'.XW 2QNH@TP,:NOIV33T
M$!BQ+([AYB_YB4SV>FE[%?F6,7]-@#J738HK?K$SAX,=WD
M931FCA6@"2E`HR$("L"3(112@(5&SP8Q(+SBC9@!PZAC9;T/%X+TQL=#>H0R
M,C9UJX8;%J-A0$-'C%!&P-UF*4_,T(BHZ8!T>H;"J$ I7F`O*/M#RX5)Y5H?6:BB\4!^GIY-1,P+K"#V558] JE,+P73`^>%,K5=S]2P?9E,
MHPG1(H0WR@P]JJ>$X6TRM8*!#@&\2783?:7Y=?0H!C)GNTSLBSE-5Q_XKUC^
MT $`7/_V!"; H!!#6D*LT096#6"?2^\D/\LHV\,%4+A]_/S-\-7W'
MK'_L'J"'PAUD0[;"@+AR*E$CH8(XTC2BPJ8WB%M/(4):B^Y;C8%,'^HZ#L*W
M:>I0(0SB.XAIPTZ+_A8ENS[@8`$5NBL!3'!+D];8_J7$=DKOHH*N;DS'J(&>
MK&&^5^H%\H#`W>TV"-N#'UH#;2D+(KMER0L2[,9:72BXH\`XR`*T^@D]*LB2
MY<41^?GUT>M7KZKD_G3A`0VI1N!C^KN*:KM.[RI:Y\&.>7=DG/3SX!&1SYXN
M$H#7%<8$+=`RS^3F[>.W*M;&JLC`;3/\>95DD=MJEJ_)5H.[6?V`#
MJ*-6] :17?TPTX,\:[6Y53&U:[(BRA=Q>D=1-:1ZC5KG=6GTM?1(2J/Q_G6
M$GJ,R46M1:)2K2KP.7+Y9W%*7G"$YM__2*,LY;HYV=*L%.'#@LUV5T3BZ-U\
MYN,`1R./X:"A%Q\YH@2;<<8
M(6)O;R'_& E;ACPP1W8XS,^Y(0%H['F!Z1%S06EQ43X-GNQ%`9K[;]*H5X2%#%I37M^'P:'9+=::S0D &]PMHV2Y2^003LR-UE+PF.\;IXE;8O3$D^G),:?+'^[8`_]]=VF1
M/8K_]EBW_Z#Z,<0'(QF\=^*:8L#R T.)T
M)T;521P%LLFC]1LSZ%?J0O'T5X&NOB1*MTS>(SPT9^X3'LQ.?_UT\_'T\N(T
MW+X`XH*J,\:Q-UI*8O[Q^*2B)?_@OV1TN.;]=A_E]-=T13,YMWQZEU%Y^\\Y
MS9=9O!71O=>Q(S3K-X=(RE1>L#D8_+
MG+NM#)#;1U)?#+$3QD@FK)&H-O?#S"\JC0`5F]3;O9>9[(T(6H[R>SA$3XZV
M(WTB8?FXNLEDCUXE9,EJK_:MH! $FKZQ(5[>B18IQR]6NY*D\@KILK[&IJ
ME'>(O2.,+2J=/8.W0DN45RREXO]?WG-.9W15W(L/HWJF(^)4CXOO@RRU1D*/
M305$E^IN=FJVC_%^4/2C5%[CW.+A_G@/_%J+2#5R55^7*S7+ZN"[B-E"GB?GK%4N2*&O-:L\\E7UHT`.%
MVZ%`CUB^75/.#%YZW-4N3Y?_W,7E;?#O6/;V*W\>BTW0Y9[+3UNZC- M`?=TR#JMFL=L
M"5Z=C]VJ0U#V9#1E(SUKY>BAF2R:>P?,4V`Q,-0(F<6(PY.W7[=Q)@O>\ZAH
MO/>XKQ>J?C=(:$*\49O$+NNU7J!@H%%:?*1;_J6H>!61-F)DQ>5:/+X3[]IQ
M"I=S`'GK%KI*8,O]SEPP&_J=V?92EUEJ^9HG.FM>H(12-NK-NX.(EW1O(>@\
M;4P`1=-84"!N57K/Q[8%3<7]UA\Y?;,'*EZ%/5TNLQU=M1Z>L1R\#&B2C>H7
M&6EC`CE&>43CSB3O$+4F&%VT'I-:F43IBE3JI"T@#03SRODT_#$L.'2Y/ M3?TIC?$0&?:^I4/HTD4'C2'K80T Y<6+-9:6-S<4\);$F?B-8+F
M+E2>,C [GC=M1$E5XDLLJ);QDMRLF5)O'S\@=S 7_PMT6\8.X
MK_5+7-R+P_RY$&^*V'8[ "@[I_O#'3KCZ]B;A"932F\:N CN+I-' TD+./QS)RH47/N6.EDU4[#+^3ZY^2Q\9;XK8J?A(HTPL
M&5"4LIRS9 5CB_NH(/>1:#M-A6?Q
M&Z[D+QJ+%U>V4;R:N2RSI!)S!7PW].CUZJAC8]TK6U&J+SLWXWG*:RXI5%_W
MT #S`A5086&A:EI=9;:/65+9>1N/KI,:7=L6NJJPUT2]YX4NH%S"0M>P
M2,)%UVNG%6[HW`9[7^.Q]?K;P]9KO]AZ/=.RQ)3EB"G+$(=;?O`X26GM'&71
MH2SMVV/?K#TXKNFWE-,U57'\9_+B^'LNM]ZE*TG4]O0F)^]&+CK?QDG"-3E8
M$YKGE/(AP9?[>'E/Y$N"O+05VT!%39W11!S H5#ZX"R::((8D+X$6UE_PB-#JQ.?58((V;[YYY9D+
M\H#$=>/-[2[+RTT5RR2*-Z)Y^6Z]CI>Q^"Q.1:O+%=-8?+DEC1^X'3$6RN3H
MJ>WK"\M^VW_3(_F;OWC]?4=&?+VNG/R(K= M$^&M_@W#F0EVB!9C%HVL9H?-9D:M$6'.&-MY._PJ
M*>KJZ.A5T6\)S1A+GZ/AC#;_;.?.TTRTO7,T6)]8).!!@OJ68&V>L?8(:]27
MZ)?B4A1Z3LO_:MNBJJ3'&VA>IG [+:9?64>G6L\%>_"HA,/B?NJ1"6-\8AZ;,-8_+OIM:O,`ZO&YL`Z>D'!8K&.^BK1>
MTV5QM3Z[YR"BRIN@=2+U:TA*D2EOCB@,HK^"!/L`WQV!5-JO'S5E[X_MPI=*
M55$O+J5RK^[EU28W\!"S79X\ 4EUBTW)W!,E[#U2>`1BFA67`%PTD#!O:,P`#DW#%@0,R;?^&)
M^I+E^55Z'N?R_04>F*_6UYG8 [=FFCS,$
M2]4O,\G2!)9,\(N=TZ +.14S`S56TY7Y391427T;)>E02R;,7-9@(%SA@JX
M;D"98+2..Y/;-1\)42H;A#9XHA^OD_XBF7%9,Z-E1A"N-D2D)?)VSS7./&F,
ME-9^)U$/,*&Q:%K%-]$Y7F&(T!!/7#JIN"3.2&BEK#HIB4615M;YG2\]9(3&
M%\QC-S.VIGG.W4?).TKSO]"49E$B9K!6FSB-Q7OB1?Q`ZT;T^#=6O3Y&TUE]
MRJE ZF%I&`?MW2-"]?=MI$:707IW=')*H,
MT:S\LWI5*=]M.CIB*Y^,'U_$$5R=4[?D\F?TE:5L\]A ^YA[,^3H","FL[)W$IFCI>;$L5$M.'`@
MPCFT ]H?EH4
M67PK;H2]86]E-7-67BIYM3YGFW@9)_0BW9^"V6,5JLWJ5T:R.2%.H+0`NU['
M;!044/!\+#[2M2@K.?3W9PB4F_RRTBSY(LI07LOW7Z?AM6EIM"G9?TUC431_
M*D01/G.!B8MXY@EPW8"%8KZ.8HAM#8&B*)4L:FN\DY/7O(TM(HV1VAK9FR,W
MC)0&2651[!"H;9*+M'76\N^4M`#84^#DM/H:K1EXD^"H3?+.S),V,SO9 \TVM!RCO>.LKLLVM['2Y+3NQ"V8-KT-7/KD][V*XU6LPW+
M:-DCE'"V:EHX&0LBL753BL@YFBKR5U*A;-M#A!&TIQ,!1XB'3E^MUS*Z*R.H
M^F$][]%[.*40ZYA"GXE060=KHZ%PZ+$/Z"5F^FU[E4-'KBD!%-JH'8TSGE6:
MM>]B,'EX2Z-4&5*`IU6K!T\G8*UG"SNJ
MJ,U#F%-)AQY7H*YBQM^WB\&>8`U"I3YN?Z,$%\"N0T_S\-)\&DAX<>];(,#8
M=RYFB.'D*%>B/K%=<7^ZH5F\C-3QQD*T#CY:T2G(U!ATMF7R!R3:K!!RR;
MOF9N?=)#NT:K@;[1LD $7EC0)Y_3+"/4U6U:E,7'?NRP7T
M? Z1W>+)2OCDT66/-"VQP+@W0FG-">@N@)&@F'CV/V@7
M+WWJ?;A#XT093+IQXVE#!#K0?R1$$#/C._;;;S0[?O6*I^'RWS^]4HY:S8+5
M=],)3@`V;!8[4QH]00@W*"[*SP@7D*5A]>=/K_:8O^&_PLP9TJ*?F4N/=!$/
MZ]2H-UGU!B&4K&EV,0X\QQKTA#&HP,(-D$VG`F=:5M7;QLNL9C_CX'/RS,CX^K3K#ZW8B94SUG4+75"^3+$#&G`IW4N!("(G?5\I3K'_`8EM14M/(?&1XX0XP[]#+)\^BETUYQ=C+Z!E$.T[3CLT0QV-^QV!.
MXR[E6*L]N"I"21WZRL9V$*4N8)`'2YX&2&Z#(O5`*+#2U;Y3M0G#W*L8Z6+T
MZ,4J6[B-6=3CE"?;N]I$8>Y=Q#3Q*8IN7__QU1MEFE`_K-K K[U9K4,D0(
M\ '3ZX"_,]XYA5N(6KD3`RK-3GSPA&EDOV[C#"K/"7]W2U
M2^C5^MU.G'_X/D[CS6XC]PE<5[?L?91WSHE[[WY->?J0S_(;\?;&G>;$4K$8*6('C9;W]>F@:W%J6KY;+BF5YX>NN9 I'I !R$QDWFC0&Z/@.&@&-YCM#2-\X`R2<=MS@,`A
MAN65-46\*.FHBAH[8;3F]V=IEPC#1%J>>V`?/$NAJ81@:3JMU$9L"-[6'N1&
M'8"L8C+>C:"*[#KS)97A !+'*,[72@0G'M= ?WJ_O#YE'=C^];0
M7](''("OP2KE%Y_BNS1>QTMQ?U<=EWA(BHKZ9HPR2!V_$C%*', J;W4FQ?M'D35FT#&R\X;^)#EIV0(MZYK^'!
M'P02O<9U-O1"O5-O>XA4F.[)=Q']\`./GI0XYG"MB-NVC%-/@HLJKEWOB&RV?>^C^CVA>EC6_]Y
M/[+MGV,@L[;F+:KU'!BQV9%_QA%MT,U]2*MZ!L!S+3I`/@T(:NH4`O=K4%$,"X-^ @T\F$#94WB^
M\4O1U\RF=]28WLOV0=VW@@X;U"`V-.T&F'88$T\"BV.NG6Z(9+:][B.6Q0_Z
M(>90H!_+6@(8H&S,>8ME?0]&:'85GG$L&_9U'];*W@%0W[A]886+YNEA1YD;$1[+SBH11$V$JL,^WK%
M0>/+M),85&W=;RB"6MJL9^:*^)B+]Q_*2W[DAL#Z6+!00J`5,)A;!ZHW'JNT
M^CN/8 <8?Z!H3.R5C$=4X@;"?A1NKY8,CP$L04$.&\!@%9QS^E4.=I+)0Z
M[T$HX]7S@9+A18@I4,(\X9<5-+^.'L5V)7$=]'*9[>CJ(N40H7F1G]Z*JZ&7
M13^?NVG5J=U6:PI/['S@!5XW?R!Q7,PLI+383RCW"\J;TTL%$M T2SL]!PSLGA81"*&-3=G"+`],0&IM\02J%TX`VEB$GB+*.KN'@7
M+>,D+A[?1U\_TFT2+>FJ/WEEDJOGL&"Y*7,2D%7T&2V#(W">0JNWN+F/Q=34
MEG]%N4U3[I^DCK[>R3,R0"=1D\5(\R@FKWC';B,FT #JP;C6:7Y'"`$3>--PI"'2;U+*BB DJC=U
MICJK$A50%4\Q4?TBXTQ,8,L8A]@Q>$(;(+:--KEX;U."\P#_$+-=_GLMK@L8
MD_C`#9C31CK-5A:'Q+9J`G2J:;XAR;F#Q'"E5Q.E MO8A:6=._"D$`OMQ7GG?*]J
M?Z+@X%9*EZ?^58;$.$Y:.B+Q#_0'LF$I?>0#OEBLDY!H]2`/Z>(HVV:LH&(M
M0)::[$%4DN7]W?ROU6XI-SSF-'N(E_1(G`-V+X\\Y>/%/&?9$8GNHCC-"[**
M-M$=%4QG=
M990&[)Q-0-F)`F7/#5'0B4AHB$*L5*J%Z_>1V`D@3Z$\
M8WG1WS9LD*J^)R@U`?Z`3>Q*1.\&PKM.:W$CDG*US6*SER!+(1L'PU+V&T2W\DO/7=$UNGS9B`HSBC9(T#AP!2&/DNW!:IJ1ZM<8:V0"% NX^+[,XE]%46"2Y(^VNZ(:PVVWR6,]=EMQG;R(EV1-Q6Z$A(A&[SBR']L&
MLZ@H*;/-J/B[>O0B87G^/1&LE6^7QNE.V*WNEI!U2E&^ "LNO*?B6:+_CS/7*1(8R++YT(]\X>W5PG-*:68(&2GDU
MS3U^N!#SXI('`O85VDO"B#! 4#`33Q*)`C:,;V.A!:7;L=
M,23^.RW>)906[Z,TNI/L.V/95AD\`#GE;?:/!T`KQ[MK!#
MI-H\!&65=.LLKFS_N"P/Q3L?OWKTI[MD @!=AW`<2S0T<7$4^M9(%K9=^VT%16%0;S5%,"X0P>?//T.!E9.
M[#L8<<7DO(K6I^GJK=QL=)'RH?9&!F_@&"H7E>H;VJE,`*V-`[0HY>(,0K:]
MC44M*N?F2V'2D@[F-!\G7+"1_=:EC(UZS2,'5UCDNBY/1.:%X]7ZFN7%VZ_\
M@SBG[W9)\G@>)V*5Z"S:QD64Q/\M&W*UOKFG9?-Z*$>Q5?UZ$VU-X.DDS]B5
M*$9C('Y/MUU6N?6!L]O&GIC6^A)E621?/JY-B/>2RQ7.K=@"2BMW9"W\D57I
ML'LD]\PE+PZ@&3*NNO%EDMDZ\""T;4[&H:1,E%9XXQI/LM<=?NDXM.Q8JBE5
M&ON=40K [Q!E0H3?%&K),)Q'H1I^1^EZXRNBKN\^]_IY8"/B%2
M"_.8Y.JPH=-JM>,J>UONH_ZTN_T'718W3%[[WF.HHU;OV#2C%L)I6`8?V'6N
MFUO3F5DV5EHSM/M3UYHU*Y8U^^'S4EYF;I#P&IG=/>;`#ZW/%I.!4.'Z`X%S18.,*_J\'2*0),3WZ'*="9
MAX*ICZHFSVF12P\W--N\_5J(EW^A0U\-TOTJ!I+&X)K:MK>J1>O.2"Z--GBG
M4R25Q(Y$CI7R9;TO4T4YB-5C6XST>6;N2(!>:L4!K73V_0(1MQS1
M^YD`P6[Y4:*NQ)L\[:A/O!A7&20)Q>PJO?V>O$_B>%GVG[C7%;`OF
M-E7L=AV&Q')SK"E!O^P1.:B%UJ="5W`/;]AT];DXFUYLQ"%9HB@6+VQGFKE,
M"Q5H65:I@KF"H'#@?4$6]FF]>`"94"T<`"K2$8NM.P
M?J#0!A0$\'0*>?Y5>-LZFX!!9>EZ#9+7-8
M9M7XG`I'8('U&X.C[:HJ`AP1"Y$W;',;9:N89N=1?G_#):GR+`*C7/6M-7(3
M&`1:Q2XN3(X@JNCU%OO'1#Q_^:\OCU^]VE-%?/^9RP5S_S*'KNA2`%2I<6^P
MZ0LX*'G?Z&$49(X'F"%2(I#S!7#0`B3P:7"9EJJUIO&F2(QN1H'F!`HTSPDT
M0)J=!AK,"ZVBZ/;U'U\IDZCR67U95??9E'M0VI:P$Z3*.'C)R4!V(3XB_#-R
M&E3V4WO4M+VF+-%25#7 Q;DP2675ND^/.YT:1J1QZT[H6B.K_IQX
M95'?'.(%12K3UKUZ\N1[%;I:R*I7$?/!7V@JCBM^F]"EN"KYK/C3+V_*C;+*
M%&$K7GTKL_@$=)J,8^<62W\0B*W4%Y44J<7(V \+*QK; $?XXJ)1NZE-FW0&]LYS4"LWQ33I[?H"" 6`]KRP[6`H34O`$%>:529=X?&L1(;882YJ:@P+BVZP0+Q6,O>
M.A10^QNDU)LM4&I_P*;GC1:6M;].2['V^7_^&&RP4W>K>@'47/X#"L#:)UKY
MK['K8V^%;?FO51ONJPBF_)^.#KL=%0[P0-U-X:?\-S@9`1+E/@H92YX+3NPV
M43C@!'$,>I2`/($;5"HOR0]+9!G\30):">XS9_,8]=`YD&W`"5M`['R=!@:;=
MNEVD)S[::O5](&%I9*]#N EP[&7JQF"#O*_7GQ_\4['2BLC>'L^3`;P].
MDK?D%9/D`VM>`(*]=J(P[PZ-X=K)GX():5-185X[<8(%XMI);YO6E=T>ZH&8
M>N_T% O__CR7]_^%%34,W:O>M^@LBNTVP6O
M^D-*O45/J/&QW7G@8`Q>5-N;KX*9:L!`B=TF9B>8H&Y:OO(S%67R,@8LRLW)
M=70):HX*`SAVVY&=@(,X4CB]^?C'DY^!$8+Z8?4]^@\G0+EK"CL]*JU#N%4(
M+_AGY(\GY.?`*GZ@=YCI-^WBL"M7HT^EC=K!*)E,;=:^:X\[?1M&R''M52`O
MV78K8D7>VB9[_M>SGT_353G)\=.K^@P;99!Q5:N^I[W:!-S:.L$.68Y^(<0[
MF5%L "*8H@=?5(09`AV]K@`@-
M))0?`JE`^/31K[\[[NCH=I5Q7KX[*4XH?
M)U=XQ=$HMV#Q-,+:HI8D7(LT?U1Z1"AR\F:DO$KL P$]:`!=YJ,D^]5V"]P+@XKSPZASQC.11\NT"'9@(
M.130/9S8_6L:%_G5EQ0\GWLHT#N-NRV`PN.E>$-B<
M$"LD2AH]1#'_:IPH>^I$>7VGS2HJFOMM$O[OO""W$6_`DI+\GM*Y!R>:CF ]QP++1MCR-FLNJ*"^W5=UJ9ZIL`,A.`J;2(G=5T3B!\
MPCJ+:\.E;%&2D"TWRFO#)=OE>(UHC2T?8$%)7UKK
MSC`Y;G`B(,&?$O&8_&W^&[ZF@0%(9^/0,"VI@6;Q\IK6A3,F3@RQ(ZB;I:;!
M!,B!XV""?U;SF^MDERO7J6"![JG-'8'IY\&VS&%G/]"#X6C8OD)S/.P;(IX$
MM4BNZ35F\SLK3XQMR?:.C1U800/;P8(Y]IYZ"*M4ZX]F-;9]
MX@YU*DOK933B.I>Y-5TYH,LR!38.3AS! 1L&FLRC02/`_UN7&@N/K:7(.LX\!^08EAS&(0?S2I0H3J_2=W$:I [`/\*T:2&5QNF&[ I5LZWT:-H@QS#W%)Q]2J-'W@-
M=?M8+J'3/&>97&E?1MM8I%ZIE\_]7I^NSYE='_7>MU%(-^_:@)8\0`CG'3Z-
M<5?PB'?W^"-Q2>^Z?AA"`)R"`>AMO1$@\'+>JWPQ^B>;8QE^4LXU0T)X;]W_
M=)!C&7ZRFG?6*`U?O0_K!65#;ZI?P%?\]MKW[W_2OG__$])\-&S6Q[$,/]G-
M2^NT5-@(8WYZ*BKLCF6PA@5BB+O.V)9FQ>,U[RVQ.?/M/W?Q5@2$?D%9[=;\
MQ)+^-/84$_5VE%$FIJPXCW"(OIEE?!O`!>NQ)J%MGO76Z)P+UC5H-?Y:[;(X
MO9.?FOD(ZPU2^BC6S(#*W!V[4QPCLT'L>>G4B525[X1
MTVB3X016\Y:,,/'M$@':5#0#$R9N21KI%7''TH068/.A,_^F3`[?+N2A#5(S
M0-[+B83BO/AWG":&P:]:3'G925L,[8:"O5%_0V"E'[M+"GIJBDL*7@=V7(FQ
M:Y57%:B[07=5P5Y#?5=!WZ(GQ'BX]&3H8`Q6%->>"('@1L;C46)U\XD;3##O
M/NE:]G7YR=#+&+`HKS]Y' [;??@I(U1>JVUFU/7#S2*`MM=\H0!]"ZL;+'
M#.O&C0ZXQ:L#3`M'SP(SM-A5'T"!O5.G8]KA39>!G
M''248^5G!QW;?2J.T/$V@H7.FS9(*<>O.*=-`S;]CEYMSYK6:3VYL2MX#*Q%
M%^B*S,$9L%I[?J#B8=AJ?.GIZ+`:L;K``W.\ZNED:8.3$2!Y
M4H/5,3"Q&JJZP`0Q/9[3^^8$P7OP.@:#5/6]0*D)F`9L8J='O1L(U#JMQ7GO
MU,M_?7D<6'HT]2JS[H(NL`&%&MA:>WZ@@I(>#?9'@&1X-FI`Z7$Z.H#T.!X>
MT]*CQC!>>C0X&0&2D^$!NF4H>2XP`=+C>)A@WK,@WDU\'Z71'17IXXSE1?[W
M2&S%[P',+%B?8*L1G'*B)V@6.U4:/8%'=>H5Y=ZSZ.XNHW?BL,"E>$R^R.?R
MW9Z,BH,#RPD$88EL&E/MN=R,;EE6B+^"V(YF@0OFTH.]0SA!G>;`38-5;Y##
M.0S9Z&( PDB14@I\SPP`QU1/!$T$X\>UMI&/&;8Z&<<='@Z;H%F
M3>F1//6I%:AN'\F_OS]['A""#O^="*$F0[=_I4O^+_YA_1'_G]LHI_R3_Q]0
M2P,$%`````@`171L1M4!![@&20``X\T$`!0`'`!A8WDM,C`Q-#$R,S%?`L``00E#@``!#D!``#M?5MSY#:RYOM&['_H
M]7FVVVV/9XXG9O9$Z>;1&75+( +J"%9ZM;\^@5X*Q)`XD:P
M`%3WBULN)A*9B0^)6R+QE__ZO,W>O*"B3''^UV_>???]-V]0OL2K--_\]9M]
M^6U2+M/TF__ZO__[?_WE_WS[[2\H1T52H=6;I] O1;IYKMZ\^_GGG]Y\^^:'[]_]].;Q&6]+
MG+^Y1_N*U/UFL5RB;%]^]V:196]J\O)-@4I4O*#5=]]^2VO/TOSCG^E_GI(2
MO2%2Y^6?/Y?I7[]YKJK=G]^^_?3ITW>??OP.%YNW/WS__;NW_^_]S ]0D>+59;Z:7W"V*E?"/U1)<02H\)5-5V!^J0U$35"!
MERBO]L7K=TN\;;@_[)]*]*\]^?GRA?RGO$!5DF:E6N9D^4I$>O>'=S\T[OX_
M0$[6LOV6%$4R22:.@[4L]RBK04+0\?I(>);)LA[N[653 8#VVUE)?DTG7%CTFGU%G@O,D6_Y@(2C(R:%L3L2:
MTF\KO/SXC+,5*N[KV>)=EN03.J^4G;64'W"%RKOD-7G*T")?D4ENL4>KZYQ,
M>5%9V8NKR7="#\KI;T4+]O,"K=+J/BT_3ND]*I;6TM[NZ)*$],8'M-E.-/F*CA_UVFQ2OM^N'=).GZW1)
M1LE!O3A+E^D47S>M.N>C]"-U%"X'Z8[A/&.TM;A:7%V,@M82"GC,-+I8BZC'
MUOW8,J'5%1S=C2S6,H* :U`YU.=LC>Q@
M<>Q@53QA.3S#".MP;)UK5'4]GKH92:>-H:Y7D*Z6CK.-ZL['\SE& ]TE*C)[3(YG[YFBK/+3'X.,Y+JUD->1_E)G'S'..>68;;N<9QYYA
M'&MF, 6)7[LD_JMZO&?LCH63R69GBW[&6A&3U[_
M^HU)$?*9:JE7Y*VY3JWYZC/D$BV_V^"7MRN4OJ5ZTC]JA;_]_ET;H?,?Y*=_
M-A+ H*-J3
M?(G6M 1 T0OD8E'&XT"XS%'6B`R_!AH/VG\D5;3(NP_0T=8
MI_-AV7=%?F$G,0HJ9N>1HXH&0'IZVJ$&Y-U"Y>>XH-) [>'%_PN;Z?#(V$+`&7XB93G8-SW#L6C[X/=A.O_ZZKF##7DK#.`"&)AI$Z.@X
MS24PG#N$3-U 2`1>7J>1LWJ1(V^)Z129V57LC+,J2M`&@KOACY[B9
MC]Y4H%%?I`?1?VA,U4N2$6N7B^H\*8I7LC+[1Y+MN0-$DS+=::)>&6_^"F@M
M;*?MV%.->==GAWH\?4 8^6B*CWE*$/B.L@,IJNGXAI`H2)CC8J
M6``\?,3/$NNY1FJ:$ATB71Y3I_065%'?IU?I$6:%FU;CW?-#2 R)B_?8A#Q274\8#+NP+O4%&]/NR??B?J/>+;8O&2I!GM X
MZ*]9U.KRGLNV>-L>YL4#!.5$&Z@P:=[#$U&GD[?HB+7>X3+)?"KS?7>?+
M;$_WQFE:.TRO.NS1J@_6;@]SA5/.*8Q&TU,[1@%BU9E=E`/XA(I\QW),\:9H
MEZ2KR\\[E)?T4M]M]8R*QA: 6\:Z5;]+D* WTUD
MPVRJF+/QYG!D#8Z=&6;LB01U#C=IS.NR=U&3QVWA_3J]W`XM]C03032&U$OR
M$!Z.C)340HN*H_W>WCR8$&1M8(`@H6@-(Z0(M )5V*^A(D*NAA8*
M.!:^K]Q,;_(^Z=E`9:#]9:0,&,2DH2-#0T$CF(CY^;Z/8X^9.C5>.P766.3J
MDK>F59.'BA]#1;4PI.9I?Y4GD%$']CAP_XO"GTQT'R)O87&=)HC]9>.]3:RS
M)PB;458'8]M3V'&F5['2.L"#JGY>GTEN4+[DNY0&93?=EU%&!21]G>T!):TC
MWG@O[.*(`\H[KI&J:43A []5-?!ZXS_'GP+&@T,#W@8K6JCZJ3["Y)R5*NC:UD-UGE5-TF
M*T05.#3TM#-!",C1=ZHM>Z# 2L N7YFC30F_"2/&[VE\S1[A_19,U-DC#I$M
M-+%L=VF]Y&_,J@FYN"">,,!+0-IZJ2X&R1AYC!OWWP2H='P,$/.4)^H)"(/%PI\X\E*=_MS>[B">(_RQQHVV:H7^^H9%^F_#RLO
M(=8@8B'&>.*HL*70U1Y3/.-X`P)$FM7O^^C@:$PHP5!'&"%^A#I.Q4['--[X
M`)%6\#L&FM02!(7Q@H$]C'0?+3#'DNB=@@@#`@915IJS*(,2?!1;M/,G I*""0!/)#$E/
MNTE@8>9&$=XH-'C@R>!QHT`?=;+$C9OYD-:C3=Z>!7,4J=9H)@M5&U.(8M4Z
MBL!AHM;*.EJMX^;X):_`HT3""$ERM<<6\`G)UZ`0IT$AO27*VW6?B];? *.`D0T'5-CE(Y>^H)LE0V6;_^(`@[114W2$-1.5-N_%A;LF8O_Y1G"'&
MO&!K`Y."_AR UXS2KXF0AI,($I9%P%RE`II(T3$
M*=[3EE^(-C>X+&_S)@5[/;+?KH4)I[5H6W,J:$.&BHF:VJA1,(WWV*5.M,XH
MS@Y;$I)N@!*2A(P2#:7T!QTAKWA/3N1PD!LM*A`X:G^HZ9U>:SRBY53+#MYR
M6HM1@*W`@B[6^X&$`O<3TO9M"RC^74G'+@5X.K^!_=?;79(6M&'/GY-BP^TO
MRHF&@?X"(F]=0=TL6%.U<5\`^?:1K`)^)[%@$>5@5F0I#BCKLA8>C)(N2Y$`
MYER.H+4[!+2(8#
M`T<2-APTU#(=%#AN$V[*AG#)H7L7HE68V_X6?NVWO9FO8:-!KHP!$#A&/J*G
MA`\NW!5XC <0;'$7\WTM*W=\5+B[P_JE:[[/NU3-^C%*2'L8C
M"6G8V#!0TVR O5\2P3>KX/='Q$,75I);LGY%!Y?LTQT5:O79+)3)Q'7-I
MHMK>H^H9DR\OA*0.#1.&7QVUYE%(UY%J#KF+^&L"[4YW5!$GO+`80L+4W@:M
M@SHC2X8UE_E9037J(P*J\/&L4LT0>P)V]ON"@4RF/J#JT"48?`B_=2_QCK^%
MC`69&MH(8)A$GE"Y2TW>70T%#LM59*T18;)@%#Q+RG2IT&Y$`ZC6TGB#N[)%
ML)Y>8]Q#7"GP`6Z19WUBM;I(LWW%70E54`$8Z:FB0HE8-WN8D\K"%&
MTU%JCS8PO^A/!'Y#Z>:9`&-!Y$DVZ,-^^X2*VS5W"Q08DFR+MRU@7CQX0XF&
M-JNRAB;R/11:(P%/L\^X$YM*07NW8>WQAJ,!BK9#@^J*O65I.8SATJAP=#0=RG3B,9/.G?; $Y=P]G").G?)Y==>"!V!;$(+NU
M01G^89`@ ]\\K'NN__4/-+VP&JE@.0[(K9,LK&.7;QK:N#)8B$XM&CE
MCT+'`QH390T!I&!MOZ8-XBR$?:]8""4Y$?`R=#S@T5+/$#40SWB36(SR\@EA
M(J$093>,!R!JQ0S1(608;RX+1LT+O"789X]3933=8:J8)GR`Z"AG"!&`I>-[
M:#Z,.5YB8+.I.F#%FF>3UU+**]ZIWR&_&AE6KLF?X(*'(V!7.0,"GT&*U`>B
M"]3\>YWSB^9[G&57N/B4%.P>GF7IPWZK6>F`GN/B&CVF1\YMF\W\Y7/#FA3/
MH5NXBQTJ4KPB7:ZH?$_Q3R#*TQ8U1M&?IH`11X5&>/G#PLO\\X ^125N>IW#.=YZ4SU<9_N0OR?O`_+TPZE,]D)0_S!.0^IS*
M47'J.]ZDS ?RW1ZCKO#Y,7RRI]J5\8$%V1`\SBENEA\NB$Z==9LZ7++7&^3#,TTO(1:]H.Z,YS5M$?%\Y1Q=?\
M[D=R#;,B9%)R^#DDT\\L;^)6?F[<2HXV]*E-WVYEF,[R`\YW!5[MEXH FZ(6N3`G@N?BO39$<8WU!G62%=;$F.(
M,Q5**(9/=+`4)PM'M3V.@T6A'/%&4URTPNKE<=&D[@=V!?7)@M7,3L .O+'-0=%ZW49?*?.K!P8]0&6"\@F7>I.
M`AB4O@AN;I@4`2TA*A+0Z:VJ@87'BTHSJ,YQ@5K%1XVBVJ+?5N#5;!XX1@ D FJF^6WD_ON@0?A\JT@R.)Q=\;?99$^UQ*$Q1PXH[>'CRGMB@
M>$'EH2N)WO"S9P!`3H=!W``T-I%#..K4;9^;*XC#7-X^Y_NR(O/[X@+5<1;J
M<1\J`'I)OD#EKE% X=2N,]ZBF"3DA`?00W@E4.O>U^2V
MU'*!,E&FMY2+'*)!+"L!,S2OM#F^YV;)5.X*C9GZ?)=WB="J?A'O( @-[M^5W`BQ*RI`,E3QU2&M9[*C8AB2*-T:2+$;;@-'%DNA3H/HD61OH
M=J4[L)N6/B7`3[+QUO`2V9"IWA<9,@UA*W.!\\XB*[4V:(YK?B&"&NW*G
M32]8-@#TH0T'MHC`YM;1\OB&\K!+!$".>%>_]VC73@9OUSJ0U:;OD_DKZ4\(
MLJ;6F0NR&G)$?XGCKM?P`CU5UV6YI_%1HF@W#4IFJ2JD/"& I@$RDC!R)6)%(5RW5W`CZO!_@+8+IS7,V9#'_>NP!>%/\6K"FX1
M:''U:R=\52&,7.MW=1,]HRI=)MG7Q.O'4/9PKS#EWZ+B/_7Q^\-/P7= [FZ,OT;0_#)]3!'`\'(4@W-T!WQ;;)(\_7?33OGJ
M8;_=)L7K[?HAW>3IFCC@O&IOPY-1YPYGZ9+>??>6PW0@+5FNED2>52?ZW79Y4MWP]) M
MECQH'@DXSXC,'W7M[[(N5;NXJ JU%ESYU7![5,=1_?[
MY\])OCFD.J$Z%BFQYBY#WKS[099&.II-X+(HV2$G;)6L:NMO]>9EO
MJ+O]&\I65[BXH;NXMP4- FH9RL,U-+&745"UJ`"I_$WG.EE:T=8W9*S#
MQ45:+C-YN08U,#F:H+YO4()7$2[AK;=/:T1L8Y"Q$[`2
M@+H(K8HC]PV]&WQ`FWHIYV_?OQ'@'NUP(9D+J,BZ_7Z0S-]SZ(Q(ZFF`00E`
M[;`&?F7;81N=F1UDH([ZI60=WI%WZ'. ^]3\N/WCHVK9QZW%^)
M8$5%?2K\R*@6;1=++J?U=[(_;`$JI+JCFQ3I3O6UBGCKZGH-B:U4'W=X:4WU
MF;Y6#9%W^P^X0GS>Y.[`U%O?I]'Q6:?8
M; V":
MY'U*!16YQVP28M'4@[%%284YPAJJM=L83[$%LU&FJ+/)%&%05^1^XK>D(!IZ
M//'J!%CDJV9O8+SF`=R#8:D6"MJE_"W4E\]HM: 3M^7AS*Z;8P.[,-?8UFH+42W][`5QF(S_^SN#^J43_VI.?+U_\'KPS@D#;
M@0JRKMN`9/X\"R,2Z#E4=("*(?1\9>M@??V8S3N`S0JVE=`N=SA4H*S/-=)=)5Y9XKR+_6I*)UV59I5NB
M/YMJ3/RQ-3G[\700*%5[)J2Q=UE4.YTL&UKK)G`;2".?7XUWW./Z^V.J%GGCZ$W^7:X3+(FY?5-^H)6
MS>MD L1]Q+*<
M^'30;&26F7"KDJ%%Z!^//A\1WGE]0,M]D5:O%XATL%3E4+Y'
M]VB)-WE*S2`'HS9]'Q*EI#\=>)H:9R: O_QD6OQT0#S1=#,!W%RJ#OQ.#MA"
M2H7Z2-,8^`NC^IH052M.FQ..`C[%1?->T&+U^[ZLFH?EE:':]JRX:&T;5M%E
M3W5HN;$W,TVF.DV0+R&WJF=?=MH95@_PZP[O'_9/OQ,$/N+;8O&2I!FU/FF0
M9ZZ*.+_D
MOJ*PDTL>R\+,%1I93LH917+IY_RN-,B,M'K]+5T-[A#>Y@?]:^T9^USGU_DJ
M?4E7^R0C@P%*-V1Y3J:V18J([9H_X4-I#U7S*YDC5!U)=SUZ*]ATX&,(&>M[
M9V!:6L^SEWB2TXI#;7KP7>V)P='[-$^W^VVS5YZ\UO/#>[1$Z0LU\Z^DS9JE
MJ>Y$Q`E7SK%-Y!I^4MMY#,BD\U#EO74F1-3+)7EB7,_>YX33XQ[01T73=# =#1*0!9\LUT'' &4N7*647?:09),SSWTRTF5>8`3#??`.:H?!^]EO?R\
M0WF)SE".UJEN?[;FQ'5W"TZAY^%T9R:C-)V3JCV='87UFIY3=>%,1/'[I*K#
M]?)EFJ6U*35!;L^*7_%;L(H'YI,-98ESFWKMU]F!`;V[.D*T;G8 F"07MB9L%%,& 8QQ+4AE6ZO(H?5O)ESQ/$DT_!//"CC'`T.\Z2
MP.XBS?851:+>.P/908S(=V#[-%2B38LV-=7J-K^G:2>43?QJ4(*UDZR$
M?PN(9+O`VR3-(0NH2TB2W'$E@K)`V:/V/=H^H4+#!%`1B0WX(MZ	-&!3+X
M*0PP'A #F=,`][^[7\XB8.V171(6>L(20-+
MVBX0EM' ;NPG'\/*FM5,"^[V@:`:Q34!J=(R`FLND0/^)A(]_O?B[42S2:#PDEB7S';][I[`S3H&-,
M?-V([?BIF9BW@>?:19QIN]BAN/&^-V24!((L%9/?<=&5.Y;AY)18)=8^ASE]^*^QR$(L*]3YA`H(QX7]/^4N<5_O@1%>^^_UZ\
M+2O^VJTOV:_^4EO!)L0J+9B<5!RGVOFQ'-R^..JJ&7^2M2+[<=2(/\71AH`.
M^DWX$]N"%H/0G"U(($8&3HW6E!&RW5-`&'0K:^AFU&D%S+R]%B>^69\D3S_^
MX?LS87N+/W;QA WQ&LX)O
MLX?2M*'B98F ?(:R7;"N;F-G`/&MNS?$+_)>WNA5N[<5\7[5,Q%*
M`A89X0@O8L(((*.AH2EJQ"PC/P)1>'ZL[3Y5UNSF/3"[K[,?F=&/.`>"*O]"
MMH.YPQN;[5^.B T"?]C3Z=_MNMLO
M:&:'##+E1-V;2P!1Q"C3TML5EJ#*PMHY9J4=:OM@*9^\P?*\_9[OYZC329>;KL5-E==S\WI=H
MT%MT6L32)1MT->&8AW-Z6M@MT>3,YUF*G9P+,0I9[U?3;O4YPGN[1*,NE3
ME@#-Z"%+CL:;7MUS%#0J#K5IBF]PDCWYZ$6A#;
M*C[N;L)*:/?19OYU!M@WB$Z?F\G;`56WC?-3G/F.X9?1?6<5_/HTNEZJ9,W'
ML.^)HVE1+;J&Y(ZA]3/I/$-_YNT$>2`])B%B"L(;I32=$<0T'F'3B/%K7N[0
M,EVG:"6,;E32]8T,TGG7D?CVEQ3OR^RU>4P1K<0!]IKDC,8PN;]W+I6-AHW5
M'0^E8`U-DEX5YW@SY`Q &D0=GOC4@HPP:1OI(&^)$R]1$E)CQR;5YX
MN5TWLP,A!&0DW>,+0I*P&UU#+8/6%G.;XWC]F':43@FP_KC*&%+$=NAR!>SB
M73(ZG(EBO5D:"]NI]==-(ZXWWB%0UQCEP!HW0-"K$UZ=*YW&R_\28[#O/*^!\X=%H63`0GMP$P
MIDAJA)/!<37%Z]?X /!HM3;6/KZHQKC3>\Z^OUB)FPZ_0R
MA"YTK:\^.(X_/OKEY-OU15KN@4X^XN^^H((X&:49:V^%)546+FO\,!37ODY3(1A5"
M]T3?XJ4.YVK%'GP\QR4W`EJ5[;-^&96-!F)3;&*'.,,:6P#^'.UD['Q?5GA+
M9I>K%ZH65?8"[:AAN/U#-66W4RBCC`9[^OI:[O[)^'=[U?&F0[EH96ZO;#!@
M`KZV!N6^1@,:N5YV0.%X=N"(,(55ITMS]^`Q^3R8&`(0D9$R>!&31@<>#8VG
M(4E<00>K"`\78!3!)HP3(ZXA(42`Q29]$)L-=YW(#Q5>?A3% $>'<0LMC^]CTGN:?7&7.T
MNDR*/,TWY6*YW&_W&3$(6>>MTV7*)[G0+=!?Z%`7B`9>QMK;(4VGF@YT%IO1
MOD'W6-1/X[V"@QI,T)I51!`-B)3:V8%&Q+8#B \\\-2'*TH7A[#&&,JU5Z
MQAE1IJ3QMM4K`QB8H(_XY@FB`8Q2.SO`B-AV@+'8*PYB<358*2[RE1(WNN3\
M:AP@CP93AII/7K;L.)(P(/+\C9O(HWK
ML>%VW<79WV5)7M&1?;=M8J?JD-!&8P8CBUYIW$*61@N3.1-@(G5>GM$0!'
M:\PD0V7;[_B;/9S&'8_W29YL
M:DU%W5Y&,KS_P9&$#`4-I;0A(>9E?Q_$MQOHPK;;>TW (53^@G*R`L]HH/1JF^8IU:%*7_JK:UP0
MCEWQPUUNP^(A@V6B,;319%Z/Q\L5;AQ.J^)U7NX+.I$2.QX%5;<6AJA"QI:>
M:OIK6(B=_2T(WV/28_(9E2(?Q7_HSLU`![>8> [PRU<
MV7DH^)W=AS]\#[G=5>J8[ZH?&$VX>!#$1D3WXD%97A%SGC>9&XB&?>J&\@RM
M<8'Z^'A4OD]S7*35Z^#IA#&7YKCU/:J>\>J0P(:1T=I1ZHYY([AKPD,
M9OQ'%#'BZQZ]_JUK.B,3DS473ZF@&O4/`57X6%:I9H@[`;L)%T)\8Z3.I]9U
M!`89PF_=]?SQMY!1(%-#N^T9)E/N=(0PQ'=QO7>H>'@FQ@7"4%1D7:Y?D"P8
M!
M:`(PPE`!*.FIHL*)6#=[I/3\[&-(`GE476.4T725V@,.S&^6^V(Q1JSJ!4DZ
M#E(%*XT\;_(@^)8F%;_*\"?H&3<=4C[/O8#4YZR7BG-7X)=TA59GK[^6]+I_
MOY>S(.!X:=)P"5:7@%G"\V5:9W\_Z/B(-2T'/?4X8Q7]7>$YJO!W#" G>D\:.BM"
MX.A5C=RC '8TC,KZ@/-=@5?[I2*,34@GB&ECZ$X6KKJV.0Y4
M)=)$/L^M3VII2E7Z QP'DT(YXGWI@\LR)CVET:2&
M,KT% (\HOMX9]?9(31-"X(N
M4//O4-%ZX@O?@#8K=SBHUBT7D$WXM]B4YH"+@)80%?&YIV[8P-C*#-R.NUZM
M[5ZO1FT6Z[9QAAO?4V)>S2;]`CIH*0C4TBX"PE%4)'8X*LW@%(ZBVBR&BM#A
M.`CD,G"0TE(@*(%2L>-2QQA.H0E4:+%>"QV==\T[5-TL7^ "+Q(Y5I1D<3R[XVNR3`3B^]LN**WTK273EWYX!`#D=!G$#
MT-A$#N&H4_>$YRE#.#3C[=,]RP2\@J5?`/22?(&X(:HT@5,/R=?E(RW"S$NN
M>\2]@*I%JUI`-;2QPPU6?([E4%.-13*$"%8]S6N:_7Y&.^O06>K(2\K6-U#)
MV%&I:Q37*QFH4L=)&:(^=K4] <16U[J6,KDMM5R@3)3I+>4B%WZ@7J])O>#X!HXE4[D7-&;J\;E'
MO$1H5:>YH#ESZW3*=3CO"Q*>3ND7.*2:4Q8(;3"P!06VL(^6PS<4J$U6IQ0D
M7A 4(1DJ>>J0UK+84;$-211O>"19A[:QHHLET:=`
M]2&R-M#M2G=@-RU]2H"?9+G90&\J5?3A---LYW3^YW3>=U*=Q:E=Y^H[4X7\
MLE>_T]9(3E:_QB+$.^H#%FA?O7.[^K5D*O>"QDR#6$7 JJNRW(/O6:E0 2*9Z\MC,[5X/]3:==W8)$C*+R/0TRLJ;4$S!E_OFCEA/@:CH-_'':SXE`
MBSM.#0(O $YL2J]3$MWGSJ,YM0:9A33C*.VX9=;0:
M^[76$6J,OW,=OV$MW2[QM:E^DI)63-0W^Z?Z\S#?T
M\.!O*%M=X>*&K@AO"QHH=X&J),W*;WS-(FI1RD,HN_BP6D'5(@:D\GF<7,=B
M/>R??B?P>\2WQ>*%V)OBB[1#+VHM^=GK^^1WW,=OG6=)63X*K@ZZ97HXF';"
MU-\K!2W2'TE%B\\INP4/?>Y>!^`^!Z'(>[1]XEY1A@D$RG0$KM)5G.'M4U*L
M4E1 T=8B(JZIQT3!M[1$)[.&'C/R$8RF:N+[__Y9W<0"(KZ)1T3A-S&LDV$3
MCQCYV-G1/^''_X(]&/Q
MQV[6P'P,M$6E.N@T),O`1T8ZG='V)YW1]B>=T?:GP)M42R>+T?8GIHG])WM[
M2)*G'__P_=E=MB^%S0L3=$\D"@@";5:E+CI-*F)BGQ[-<7->X8\?4?&3V-F*
M/[:JLQ\#;4*I#CK-QS+PD59,V'2_H!P527:9H655I$MH(:LBZU[-`\D";5A-
MO72:&&9ED=YKQIE1`\5WP-0(^#KJKN^"GQS)M=#OL.^XZ9&KC%?V[4>FW/(F
MA`E:_44$@3:D4A>=MA0QZ38>`MEAZH9WZ61(.A$*O"&E.IA,@-@&]+]U])B\
M_O&G=S\U1TOB'@E3=%U21!%H4ZJUT>J4(BY=HUIL%LW1*YDA_;SZT\]GDF;6
M)1=/E@3D@0+`4$^+R9.`90>-0/:76G YQ3
M;V$22IW3.P&=>#-X2!=H^^IJ9K$A/.35M;O%AM/\[7Z%]X5&L_-DPE8?DD71
MZ*!>YFT^9-4U^?%S]@N;?(7^EKRD69;DJXN_G?]QD:^ZG9A.,2$$3(NUIM,O
M%BA$+/76@8P^ZPY"_C?'+M!S+_/S$CHQ5%#UCTL#5(%"04\KG98'.74-' M/%@'E7[-B0[GR2ZEU];K.P$*O*@*2&?V(,R2H\GCSC!K9YH:]C&ES.XEC8G,;:HJ7
MM'H5U7?-!16$=>WG#A7+.E_%!U2=8?Q1E.1%2M/U8C%-A*#0T78J+H`Z[(>3
M(':/)@X'>*([G3#XWPP31)@*$5:'[EQ.)_IMT0K?&^)&D-'-L!0S#"A+10Q)
M.\NXPJ)V[7.XCF,OZ*^WNR0M:%*&\^>DV"#N7K>4:+AP%Q!%#$$MO9UY/Z`R
M^RN.+ZAXPK/[N?)N7RR?B3;09!8F!+S9D#!B]&CK/Y?/&E88U@5*SKOF!^#?
MHR455H4F61%HE!06.2&$:=ADMO%16+7]M NED*+E]B(%H=)6EF^=*]8(@3,@\PR`BC!AXVOJ[PIVL0A_78-W@
M[9 R9%>KN&F@6BAB35G9QA4_=RNWO_8;B(J%7-=F1X0%G
M[/S0JBQS$J)9-F(<3[&2,W=K)H/]!6?'`;O: C#>)=,BEQVH2RG9A?+$'7$$#*SA/-%,U3KA+OL `0MJ2T#+(`VA/`E8X57*,*J'/"5?JYG%6WY]U)K#J,8.F@LX@#W0E`2*7]
M;"<1A_H"NVI_CYH\[;L=+JI]7C\\1W5KY>V7(CNT3- ,
M^Z>"W3&.&-*SV==5'W`IH+\`5>63+BCF!O
M(8?+8GT)9DG;$&J#:078.PGFGBL`WU8XQXFYC]C`JF=03%M,]W&0<0L"4A@W
MB:3V6%_>Z15\0)OZW,[W\SJM'/>(CO3P^SHJLBZ)$TCF[Q7";C7(6AY:KT-T
M[%J=I_/W\IJJ=;"^?N.N#'$>K;-YCCXNB0J72&.' 4+Y'Y:*JBO1I7Z'5
M([[,B>*OY_3ML.+U=GV!M^DRS=!U?IC1,DAQRK.UNB.>02-P#KOIH]51[9&'
M3!]>O6-M=9VOQ[LV_7Q#>%,GN.5TFF2`S
MA)*NTQZF\Z=C8^JA1,($$4JZ\31`1.=O'D`@]KS8HH)(([SM#Q-T([^`P+?#
ME30%UE!)Z#YYGO5H+^`5<2Z(-8@#T:?NFL@ZGK:7J&'0ZF,NP3Q*UFU$"AM0
M_+&;:#$?PVY$J2H&S A7!F#AN08!?,,V>6>;L@M\A5-4(!6?R<3]Q7>
M"IM6A[0UC9PT[$8W4-,``7*NP3Q9=DX4*,@2)E\]X+U\BJU#VG5[*6G8.#B4MP2"!QU&S10S24:/G=!K^\738[:A0,/W;_
M0W'PXP`'[ `6 :=T`#/"^.RD
MO,Z7>(OZYAX>J$B/RG0*"L_#Y`5]CP9Z# U%'>?,!Q,^!KU1MO4F>=H(;I
MQ^'Z(0Q6=3G:ZC]ZI-PYSI?UC@?E=[L^)U*GU7U:?O0=,4=E*.M=N25Q4F1]
M08/C@;`Y+=KN;H2 EP.\=I/COWH8+M5FQ6J'Q
M:`"RK#>$>5;!Q%UVLD%/PX'?F78-X3DXHW;5>P].JUT%#\*%TZ[@V[`2"K9M
M@W@/UJQU-1^$U6M?P8NP_B\E=]*!K\#"!$S[!O'RJU'S:C[]JM6Z@K=?`PC$
MZ(1+7^2]ER=@&W=`$$GC0BK9-.Z`5S!Q&62\Z&>BPL:%"5I+B`C";ERE2@:-
M*^+E.,KBB.:3+%VP_A)@;#Z>9QT9#/.*]^!-L:#%&FO#L>W$#/MWHAA&\1Z8
M<7J>O9ZA?/F\38J/@A6V+CFTA$F7J/R`Q._':]%VAZ)RVG!8&,7K#+PN*)ZN:"LX)0G2(9#
MN^YT2 1@9XF,)*S
MC==]=A.:1;[Z@"LTF-CP,5]:M,P$$J`-'$0FFIJ@2,'7_D0C"&\T3`P'C692
M&D$JOWC&+QW-3+`"\//VLMLL<=%7^VI?H/=IGF[WV^YAGD.O`&*$IC$1QTMK
M,XG$=.?[@N)YDN48'E:&ZWEXZ[X3T'&,CS12VSB.;IBY,Q
M@N-CVQ\.?+ZD_@!8SUM_.,AC'[(787]X?$8%2M85GR=O(ANKWC!D\\5T!M!V
M?OK"4!P?::1\]())V)^$^"\(YT&@>U(N+%PEF>_;X'H[]$ZVC4VV\&TKG&.P
M#3O.A6^OB1$N-Z?P-HW>76B1/=6WYJ6\A2:-_!V9^L"5]+JZJ^6KQ7)9[-'J
M.B==!I65[ROR%^BINDC+989+XB.` FWE.G+@C:APD&S<82!*(.O:TB#,A7D0E5&Y(%@4EA
MG#1,($"A]]AH94-@#8W&XP/$D@X-(E;QAN5*NB;6QKC,>%UL,\PJ7N.IG39G
M0V4@,\B3-V+L5[]$JG)S8 7S[K!AHV"I4LP=8CW>[-`2,7#$C]VKD5>."CY'BULA1U3(ADB*$K52]68;2VM`HKI[IW0QW
M4+4KB3R^460(8/:D0RJ9!4Z:)PF=DZB6]\EGNLE]AHL"?TKSS7FR(U^JUWNT
MRY+E8=M.HI,N"XFN:A9!=3/5',O2,NHN!TW`]"L\P>X'*3T!NA,@>V)0/1I$
M8[Z;)]+S\O,N;8YD+I**N^1I4$*"0:Y$E-"3ZST=<1S_F%^(+%%UO=TE:4$W
MU 2AI2*UV^6SS5BI*BKQ4W#1X.$V
MP1+3/1= +6#@HJ)C4&1Q4\5/3T,T,%R#.LA*_)S-\*0N+!F@9(6#
M1]TD:TP?I&15^7ZF FKQG&E+SMWQ`-,0;C1K1EK]4.5OOT +-.
M*F)9`8NJXYK%?"%31A[3_%#AY<=GG!'I[ZEK*^^R)/<=RCP0JKS\UYY8F9[B
M`:=9>L1=>F,%L;]\SH=GYJB(9Z_G65*6HB!G# _B
M$=PNV$0[YM81Q[5YR5/"+=YX7G6_Q1KX'QL0Y%EO0PAX16P^#?>.];TC8T>8
M^>@Q>9YIO'&40UVXZ;3`'4-3;H#&8^;>[1;G#>K3EW1%)G[EPS/!%9^V6D78
M9^V%"8/PR,(EJ;9ZL$\>+41E_+P%J0AWN`\)A+NNNB13VC*E"E[AXO(S^9Z6
MY&,SLW_8H66Z3FGP6_W#8E.@NK ''-MLO)ZHQMN%B W@M4+HMT1]5DIZ/F);OIJ4G)XOWAA5CA CM\"#6^MI[,Z,5KG`0SC/0K0W`/&
M)KNG[`Z$K(9Z))1QCO5XX#HG?Z+'Y#,J?1\*]*(HDYQH4/;#L(32Y\I^AW/2
M%*2/]A(2[X?R$IVA'*W3ZASG59KOTWS39HC".717VA&WPQ[!-&[^K-K$+#HP
MZ&1&_;/>]HQ\F_$*$8>69)S48ENIJ,K:8`8Q@Q1.VOT+('^%J
MP:)L(H.I.IM%=I*$ZC:42Q;O7.VB%7;Z(LP!IS[H?0(G[Y9L9_1ZWMNL$&,?
M52&/<KWNTQ#F]'E`;Y/PYR>E5H 3+50.=@ [@P\80KR_PUU%LRPM[UIPZ2^C\VA:
MST/W@"6+-WX#4/6N2'']\KLQ^&4EY
ME=T-\,7J]WU9U>_+&L)8SD03T1"3+PS<6K;TB7-(0/O]/M]728[:T*X.'8[2
MZ#9G$*XN9?D?X&^K9U08>T6HE-P-\J6^C.Z@L)8'S/,2. GIV;5AGYX9A([28_[GE2%*]K7'Q*BE79WIO1
M`+&ZL`2\LL)1@E;;&M/!*JLJWMU:34T7&>E-.;'>"WJ?YO09.$)GAU8I*S/L
M`JQ.! `\VU%LAR>KXG0_2!Z7Y7X!TJJE?Z4D5%`$'3<>T$"1HM2TOM(BD=@NM3
MM#B>:A30,8HK9OJE7H467?7GIJOF:)-4+6UPJ+U!29GFFT51T%,TT1&2<3DI
M4H7E8L:HVA#.T"FLRF(1'`,N!_M4S ..JF5]PVWV_5E4M#G> >/YPYZ^
MR'>[;MZ`NMU7997D*_JL.#4)@QNKLFT#&):-"7=3S&*-2\-*(X\Z(UVPJ+ [YGYVOOHMH1L DNM,
MP'6FVW$A3D=-:UP!S..]IL0MGAN=%=!AJ`#P]%0QPT>LJC,`]>SCO1"DW,B`
M.J5R\2^WLK)?BOC'&\'1OK;6SK9NF]E>1SLW0ZNRUFY6UA,!3
MU5.YC1^UMN<6-'C=VDH?U)/K=11P??0MY7N4T;/%NZ2H7A^)3B4Q"%UL^-[9
MA>0"=CQUR5M@J,F]^9[#HX20D&>OHR_#AQ!;:TSBT3VG;,?#F]WTI%Q\3EGW
M;%Y0`2)1P2#, Z8$)!&IV!*[2F_PWJJXRA*KW29XT83OGN-B]1]3O
M,G+JD+82RTF]C7\22V,C_74RYR K5]_Y"E&((^VQ?LZ6'?P
MF^9<55)2,7<5EHP9Q1JV;9/B(ZK2?$-GA1R6A%][O#!?
M(\&$3">;=F?XN0R//Z'9'S0-F7H'W"%X`M&_6Z)4:E^"T6SU->0@Y,*.3!%R\P1
M")KBN`Q(\+:U7:+E=QO\\C;-7U!9T8[P8_LW[0(_#KI`\^L_K^M_Z$E5IPQ9
M,*5-!MH+T8M0>N1]8+N*/":0&BIOC4)U/?:+@ 5G\D-:HJM]EKVV(6KGR2ZMDBS]=WNK\?$97>;$5.S>BQ->;1-,Y!43.%V:
MS1JY$X688QWD>S;1F>"N2)>H_]@/&>]TYA"Z/&0S!S6/F-#NPDQN9PGJRAWE
M0SSZTN5A_U2B?^W)SY NYR'E-NQVP$%>OK =HY3.4$YNLT*M\KJ%0ND"-B
M2\VEW>9F&'NAR_YT/9!F3[*:0=Z<0NR$ MDA*17_X_4$L#!!0````(`$5T;$:*S(V<50X``#J=```0`!P`86-Y+3(P,30Q
M,C,Q+GAS9%54"0`#(MP!52+`L``00E#@``!#D!``#M74MS(CD2OF_$
M_@ -9=^,`9F?W-"&J!&A<2+2DLLW^^I54)>K]PK@M
MQ]:)HI29RM27DE(I(3[]_+SRP"-B'%-RWND?''8`(@YU,5F<=WS>A=S!N//S
M3W_]RZ>_=;N?$4$,"N2"V09<8^YXE/L,@0GU?"$E6:`6!@&R!Q%>X0GP-'73>60JQ/NOU(&+4043X;'/@T%5/
MUG32/SKN2XL\M)(%0\I6UV@.?4^<=[[YT,-SC-P.D$U`^-DSWTIZ>GHZ>#H^
MH&PAA1SV>__^ .>*IY!CK:Z9^A#]66C#WJZ=$LJ!>$2T9AP`8F#XO2NV#+$B4][
M0:$AQ>01\10I1\[!@C[V@C)EZ7'24N*O\K5Q!>NIYNE)"L2PLV6@I`8/)=T4
MGXMPOFJR((Z`=#8`E+M!0JB`RJWUJ_#E>HW)G(9OY#O5MF+?*FW+ZL S42Z:-S5*LF""+;;)@[.F
M-DD6Y+VN.4K.5!H`U,-OX]O"H58K=$T=7XWN%\2](0*+S:WLGVRE7:D#L'O>
M*:78UFUJCT#[Z5`._H>' FHZF2P1$CS`(_FJ%`#9_!J`B6PC%"(0
MLH.`OVWPL@:_ATR6+Y'`4O^ %,D!=`XB22T8M_%8EJ>UX#L">".@]+ZKERE7KSS9>3?1;G')I2L(XK>V) 5H"A!0$MJH:@#1<7H6$!7?W",\*@8'$\J
M!\=(5#LX5D`]8@M(\'^UIG(]-?%7*\@V @/YNK*70?C#KLR@5V07Q>O0J+:Q)CZQ172"J#)C:6KA3R! 4XS$=NK/"* M)%M>8"&`J"#`.JD@0Z$I:5-,3
M9[``(XL)6NC`(YP4,Z\KT#G-F?",#&"$M*V?GL ^");`,/AERL1AC_A#.
M8H7%%6A\R)G#XK)T=*FE`26NQ26%RU %M,Q)CO3U_[T%B%G5Y116H_)A%)28'!(*`DM1"
MD8+BELA'-(7/9ET5?U'1[(-LLP?<0+.W;9V9-E9K7X2SP@UD1$ZR_!ZQR1(R
MLP`J)2G'HW^8-WULY:G)PT@$4B30,EN04B"-D:>.)-U#)C93!@F'3FROI+"T
M`IJ ^0R>8Q0>[V6T6;YV0$#&O;PND9V9]Q],V7KV\>
MH^5$YFU%B^>LX2,1()#1-OT^ ._`U^90^R2OJUT
MDSVEB5OGJ9U9C'M(46'I%)+))U:"7"LKV4+8.#V9&.PKB$J'^I*D9"6X#9.<
M+ B+`.\.L=9"?M.F=,6_!IYNSC2V==EL,:S=94`5F3[6JAV2OLE
MA^1JPO)AN2+95X7Q3AG$%OBFJ<0XYA4T97`7)Q`K<6Z4CFP!WFOJYAH)B+V7
M9&Z,A+=)W`SVGK@)[6G]JT'>)N%%->A>+7,SV"5STR*^A]1-P@5V8?S.R9O!
M_I(WK?_4S=XD9YNBTKWF;P9U\S P:Q:GQ;_)2;@$[*4496@7G("KA+C^8;H6USKIN02:.>_WE*`;5"?H
M6K1JHW4E53\J@BPHK(M;U.XU$#RJAR!0*H"C%L@FJ=94\%2#\C63K8,=DZUM
M)VZ8;4W`7D7T*OG60=-\:XMQQ4'0!*;IEV48&MI*Q$H.C[;XU#Y&FHQD"PI+
M@]CT\=%*X.J<0?V_0/!3+W7!8/`B>0VANH00K]:4"4`R5V#&KY9<0+A.W"P9
M7)]Y1QTM+'D78BYC#WF"FS?=2-3!,W?-K6VEZI1=LUBJ3II'/;Q8@9PK*.OH
M$&,+G[N1B-TTT0EVMFFL2IS/?'FY,CZ3W=?9-`8GP;C]]F*8T+.S;*S+EDD_
MO5@'`K&CKV7M-U$BX@H>NY&`W=3@V&FLA.%1#[LHD+[V<1#,$P0M5/!3J$."
MS6,LP=55 L:
M/M42QZHE7J#%28^I:S]K*J"I5;6R0_[8[1\V`R!STW#-6@V#JOAT-TOS[Q*N
M4W^D+T-N9DFNZM1?EWU[D&%EK7+2)T=&_W1(B[E)A)2TF;AO>):1QDMJ^7^O3H-V+2OQ(.PVNE
M1!!>0V?S1R.FX%9??8/W&1@EUI[H>UP_VAHHMOE5Q+O2,^O?2
MPU!X'UZ.*9'13?D"NZ4/*_UTB[VMW?>(J8447!BM+YQO/N8ZZ!]2=O,LRS&7
MA4'J?;)&CKYJ_I84M NS5.". M9.J+A%B#=E4WD.;,$5?_"02](4(\^-\?3[FON\($ ;C2_IBOL8`_=DBBZBQIJ
M3^)L"_=\U1$DN+_)$!^Y_Y3VR9Z?&2]*J6P;-T;SN<8H;47ZO6UZ7T'I2C,$
M25KQ3(%UFNMSB6K0F%!?+"]T[@)FS"BELLVFK[[2:S0W)Z:Y]IU8/%E0'A\>
M53RQD-/)FW;Q(7UX0*Q_>"@;/G@^/4Q#4T9C&S!;70N-L%OSHM:WM\4G$,Z.
M3PXOTWJGW]NF=[J+AK_3B&Y7SNO'":+OW)FWJZ!"))PE 9#7_@,?9$1
MVLI?Z:%'KFWUJ?\Q **%^D=%MFH_I#XK4C]>9JW^ FT&RY+GP8^KAE"NX.6B_@M\
M'J.U!QUUHF+KA,4D[R5]:KSO#JF9G5^C-60B;F,A@76>>8R1&RR6.[&_5Y@GB#'9U)S"9_*@`874V[RPL$J0AO#O,J]CW>_
MRY&S,U&ZL_-^+-O^]$ ZX(JR==J2 \S37VU!:.
MG."Q@%YXR =^QJQ\%J0B3_[$SEB2BN2WH4,UH6'
M6\TY1V&N?HK8ZN99J,@V)^(M)+3.M#$*;IY9J_.7OCJJA_B0,K/=9;#:GD&[
MX'$O_HK$):4/_X*>C^)#V?YD?E>GKTRA9ER8W*[6$#-%HH((EN\-I=36N<0E
M7 !J_.L@NZE85&ZO';H[9Q$I)+#-DBG<
M?#CMG^9WE=Q"ZRQXHH6;U'EEMND?\WGVY\?2/I$HM\V.U+B:LXU63&&;+1?3
M\ VZ>VB7[83P2]7'V+G2TQ(E;:H/H=MMM:[(3*[H&[*9]G2VL3(
MZG`@'SV1O/@Y7F;;H8IPY5*T%"HHMFM58X[BW'M^)D^85V9;US%^8A:8;FSY
MG>-.!636K^EXV(5$QS6A'S
MG-K:D1(_;%`96O/;AK2?F<0=]6+]:S?N.,8N C:E/_(.P!13V`9H9GPP
MO\(MR5+%::P;$Y--GQ.4%Q+8!DTRR9%C22&!;9;H:32^^\8%U]N+,2 `Q0````(`$5T;$8S3B:)8Q,``"8G`0`4`!@`````
M``$```"D@3_:``!A8WDM,C`Q-#$R,S%?8V%L+GAM;%54!0`#(MP!575X"P`!
M!"4.```$.0$``%!+`0(>`Q0````(`$5T;$:KV^A)RR@``.IH`@`4`!@`````
M``$```"D@?#M``!A8WDM,C`Q-#$R,S%?9&5F+GAM;%54!0`#(MP!575X"P`!
M!"4.```$.0$``%!+`0(>`Q0````(`$5T;$8,P3,7@X0``%N"!P`4`!@`````
M``$```"D@0D7`0!A8WDM,C`Q-#$R,S%?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`#(MP!575X"P`!
M!"4.```$.0$``%!+`0(>`Q0````(`$5T;$;5`0>X!DD``./-!``4`!@`````
M``$```"D@=J;`0!A8WDM,C`Q-#$R,S%?`Q0````(`$5T;$:*S(V<50X``#J=```0`!@`````
M``$```"D@2[E`0!A8WDM,C`Q-#$R,S$N>'-D550%``,BW`%5=7@+``$$)0X` XML 59 R27.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Notes Payable and Accrued Interest [Abstract] Notes payable and accrued interest At December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013, the Company’s notes payable and accrued interest consisted of the following: December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 Credit Facility principal $ 133,400,000 $ 77,500,000 Credit Facility accrued interest 190,600 27,300 $ 133,590,600 $ 77,527,300 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements, including but not limited to identification of terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 60 FilingSummary.xml IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT 2.4.1.9 Html 137 213 1 false 48 0 false 10 false false R1.htm 000100 - Document - Document and Entity Information Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation Document and Entity Information true false R2.htm 010000 - Statement - Balance Sheets Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/BalanceSheets Balance Sheets false false R3.htm 010100 - Statement - Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/BalanceSheetsParenthetical Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) false false R4.htm 020000 - Statement - Statements of Operations Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/StatementsOfOperations Statements of Operations false false R5.htm 020100 - Statement - Statements of Operations (Parenthetical) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/StatementsOfOperationsParenthetical Statements of Operations (Parenthetical) false false R6.htm 030000 - Statement - Statements of Stockholders' Equity Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/StatementsOfStockholdersEquity Statements of Stockholders' Equity false false R7.htm 040000 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlows Statements of Cash Flows false false R8.htm 040100 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/StatementsOfCashFlowsParenthetical Statements of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) false false R9.htm 060100 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies false false R10.htm 060200 - Disclosure - Change in Accounting Principle Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ChangeInAccountingPrinciple Change in Accounting Principle false false R11.htm 060300 - Disclosure - Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/AircraftAndAircraftEnginesHeldForLeaseOrSale Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale false false R12.htm 060400 - Disclosure - Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/MaintenanceReservesAndAccruedMaintenanceCosts Maintenance Reserves and Accrued Maintenance Costs false false R13.htm 060500 - Disclosure - Operating Segments Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/OperatingSegments Operating Segments false false R14.htm 060600 - Disclosure - Concentration of Credit Risk Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ConcentrationOfCreditRisk Concentration of Credit Risk false false R15.htm 060700 - Disclosure - Notes Payable and Accrued Interest Notes http://aerocentury.com/role/NotesPayableAndAccruedInterest Notes Payable and Accrued Interest false false R16.htm 060800 - Disclosure - Stockholder Rights Plan Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/StockholderRightsPlan Stockholder Rights Plan false false R17.htm 060900 - Disclosure - Income Taxes Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/IncomeTaxes Income Taxes false false R18.htm 061000 - Disclosure - Computation of Earnings Per Share Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShare Computation of Earnings Per Share false false R19.htm 061100 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactions Related Party Transactions false false R20.htm 061200 - Disclosure - Warrants Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/Warrants Warrants false false R21.htm 061300 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/SubsequentEvents Subsequent Events false false R22.htm 070100 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) false false R23.htm 080200 - Disclosure - Change in Accounting Principle (Tables) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ChangeInAccountingPrincipleTables Change in Accounting Principle (Tables) false false R24.htm 080300 - Disclosure - Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (Tables) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/AircraftAndAircraftEnginesHeldForLeaseOrSaleTables Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (Tables) false false R25.htm 080500 - Disclosure - Operating Segments (Tables) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/OperatingSegmentsTables Operating Segments (Tables) false false R26.htm 080600 - Disclosure - Concentration of Credit Risk (Tables) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ConcentrationOfCreditRiskTables Concentration of Credit Risk (Tables) false false R27.htm 080700 - Disclosure - Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (Tables) Notes http://aerocentury.com/role/NotesPayableAndAccruedInterestTables Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (Tables) false false R28.htm 080900 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables Income Taxes (Tables) false false R29.htm 081000 - Disclosure - Computation of Earnings Per Share (Tables) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareTables Computation of Earnings Per Share (Tables) false false R30.htm 081100 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions (Tables) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsTables Related Party Transactions (Tables) false false R31.htm 090100 - Disclosure - Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/OrganizationAndSummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) false false R32.htm 090200 - Disclosure - Change in Accounting Principle (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ChangeInAccountingPrincipleDetails Change in Accounting Principle (Details) false false R33.htm 090300 - Disclosure - Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/AircraftAndAircraftEnginesHeldForLeaseOrSaleDetails Aircraft and Aircraft Engines Held for Lease or Sale (Details) false false R34.htm 090500 - Disclosure - Operating Segments (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/OperatingSegmentsDetails Operating Segments (Details) false false R35.htm 090600 - Disclosure - Concentration of Credit Risk (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ConcentrationOfCreditRiskDetails Concentration of Credit Risk (Details) false false R36.htm 090700 - Disclosure - Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (Details) Notes http://aerocentury.com/role/NotesPayableAndAccruedInterestDetails Notes Payable and Accrued Interest (Details) false false R37.htm 090800 - Disclosure - Stockholder Rights Plan (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/StockholderRightsPlanDetails Stockholder Rights Plan (Details) false false R38.htm 090900 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/IncomeTaxesDetails Income Taxes (Details) false false R39.htm 091000 - Disclosure - Computation of Earnings Per Share (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/ComputationOfEarningsPerShareDetails Computation of Earnings Per Share (Details) false false R40.htm 091100 - Disclosure - Related Party Transactions (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/RelatedPartyTransactionsDetails Related Party Transactions (Details) false false R41.htm 091200 - Disclosure - Warrants (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/WarrantsDetails Warrants (Details) false false R42.htm 091300 - Disclosure - Subsequent Events (Details) Sheet http://aerocentury.com/role/SubsequentEventsDetails Subsequent Events (Details) false false All Reports Book All Reports Element acy_OperatingLeaseRevenuesAttributedToEntityCountryOfDomicileInPercentage had a mix of decimals attribute values: 0 2. Element acy_PercentOfNetBookValue had a mix of decimals attribute values: 0 2. Element us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1 had a mix of decimals attribute values: 1 2. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 364 days and at least 28 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (7) as many values. Column '4/1/2014 - 6/30/2014' is shorter (90 days) and has only 1 values, so it is being removed. Columns in Cash Flows statement 'Statements of Cash Flows (USD $)' have maximum duration 364 days and at least 28 values. Shorter duration columns must have at least one fourth (7) as many values. Column '7/1/2014 - 9/30/2014' is shorter (91 days) and has only 1 values, so it is being removed. Process Flow-Through: 010000 - Statement - Balance Sheets Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Dec. 31, 2012' Process Flow-Through: 010100 - Statement - Balance Sheets (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: 020000 - Statement - Statements of Operations Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Sep. 30, 2014' Process Flow-Through: Removing column '3 Months Ended
Jun. 30, 2014' Process Flow-Through: 020100 - Statement - Statements of Operations (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: 040000 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows Process Flow-Through: 040100 - Statement - Statements of Cash Flows (Parenthetical) acy-20141231.xml acy-20141231.xsd acy-20141231_cal.xml acy-20141231_def.xml acy-20141231_lab.xml acy-20141231_pre.xml true true XML 61 R38.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Income Taxes (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Current tax provision [Abstract] Federal $ 0 us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit $ 0 us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit State 800 us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit 800 us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit Foreign 0 us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit 7,100 us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit Current tax provision 800 us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 7,900 us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Deferred tax (benefit)/provision [Abstract] Federal (5,854,400) us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 4,478,800 us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit State (98,200) us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 1,100 us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Decrease in valuation allowance 0 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance (158,600) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Deferred tax (benefit)/provision (5,952,600) us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 4,321,300 us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Total income tax (benefit)/provision (5,951,800) us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 4,329,200 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Income tax rate reconciliation [Abstract] Income tax (benefit)/provision at statutory federal income tax rate (5,863,600) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate 4,308,900 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate State tax (benefit)/provision, net of federal benefit (97,500) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes 19,400 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes Prior year withholding tax adjustment 0 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationPriorYearIncomeTaxes 174,600 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationPriorYearIncomeTaxes Decrease in valuation allowance 0 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance (158,600) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Other 9,300 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments (15,100) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments Total income tax (benefit)/provision (5,951,800) us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit 4,329,200 us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Deferred tax assets [Abstract] Maintenance reserves 2,138,900 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals 1,813,900 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals Foreign tax credit carryover 0 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsForeign 1,210,900 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsForeign Alternative minimum tax credit 10,800 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsAlternativeMinimumTax 100,800 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsAlternativeMinimumTax Bad debt allowance and other 961,100 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther 490,100 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther Deferred tax assets 3,110,800 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross 3,615,700 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross Deferred tax liabilities [Abstract] Accumulated depreciation on aircraft and aircraft engines (10,450,000) us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment (17,540,000) us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment Minimum lease payments receivable 0 us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesLeasingArrangements (649,500) us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesLeasingArrangements Deferred income (1,282,100) us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesTaxDeferredIncome 0 us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesTaxDeferredIncome Net deferred tax liabilities $ (8,621,300) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet $ (14,573,800) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet X - Definition Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Paragraph Question 1-7 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510177 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510090 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards, net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible alternative minimum tax credit carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Alternative Minimum Tax -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6504908 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsAlternativeMinimumTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible foreign tax credit carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsForeign Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from leasing arrangements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesLeasingArrangements Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNetAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from tax deferred revenue or other income not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesTaxDeferredIncome Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32123-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to revisions of previously reported income tax expense (benefit). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationPriorYearIncomeTaxes Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration XML 62 R20.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Warrants 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Warrants [Abstract] Warrants 12.Warrants As part of a previous subordinated debt financing, which was fully repaid in December 2011, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to 81,224 shares of the Company’s common stock that are currently exercisable (and expire on December 31, 2015) and represent approximately 5% of the post-exercise fully diluted capitalization of the Company. The exercise price of the warrants is $8.75 per share. X - Definition Tabular disclosure of warrants or rights issued. Warrants and rights outstanding are derivative securities that give the holder the right to purchase securities (usually equity) from the issuer at a specific price within a certain time frame. Warrants are often included in a new debt issue to entice investors by a higher return potential. The main difference between warrants and call options is that warrants are issued and guaranteed by the company, whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also, the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years, while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding, the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding, the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable, and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(i)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph i -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 50 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6406099&loc=d3e25284-112666 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 50 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6784392&loc=d3e188667-122775 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 28 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfStockholdersEquityNoteWarrantsOrRightsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_WarrantsAndRightsNoteDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration 