 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Such forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties, including statements regarding our strategic direction, prospects and future results. Certain factors, including factors outside of our control, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. The following risk factors should be read in connection with evaluating our business and future prospects. All forward looking statements included in this report are based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after such statements are made. Such uncertainties include, among others, the following factors: If we are unable to anticipate, identify and respond to consumers' fashion preferences, domestically and/or internationally, in a timely manner, our profitability will decline. If we are not able to keep pace with the rapidly changing fashion trends, both domestically and/or internationally, and teen consumer apparel tastes, our profitability will decline, as it did in fiscal 2014, fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. We produce casual and active, comfortable apparel, some of which displays the “Aéropostale”, “Aéro” or “P.S. from Aéropostale” logo and also fashion oriented apparel. There can be no assurance that fashion trends will not move away from casual clothing or that we will not have to alter our design strategy to reflect changes in consumer preferences. Failure to anticipate, identify or react appropriately to changes in styles, trends, desired images or brand preferences, and to allocate the mix of product optimally by geographic region and other store criteria has had, and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Industry conditions are increasingly competitive. The teen and children's specialty retail industries have historically been highly competitive. One of our competitive advantages throughout our history has been our promotional business model. A number of our competitors are now also operating a more promotional business, similar to our own. As a result, we now face increased competition based upon price and promotion. Greater or continued promotional activity in the teen or child specialty retail industries could have a material adverse effect on our sales and results of operations. The effect of global, national, regional and local economic pressures and conditions may adversely affect our sales. Our business is highly sensitive to consumer spending patterns and preferences. Various economic conditions affect the level of disposable income consumers have available to spend on the merchandise we offer, including unemployment rates (including the high level of teenage unemployment), interest rates, taxation, energy costs, the availability of consumer credit, the price of gasoline, consumer confidence in future economic conditions and general business conditions. Accordingly, consumer purchases of discretionary items and retail products, including our products, may decline during recessionary periods and periods of economic uncertainty, and also may decline at other times when changes in consumer spending patterns affect us unfavorably. In addition, any significant decreases in shopping mall traffic, as a result of, among other things, higher gasoline prices, could also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Therefore, our growth, sales and profitability may be adversely affected by economic conditions on a local, regional, national and/or global level. Our customer continues to be adversely impacted by the current macroeconomic environment. In addition, we believe that a decline in mall traffic has adversely affected our results of operations. Our ability to attract customers to our stores depends heavily on the success of the shopping malls in which we are located. In order to generate customer traffic, we must locate our stores in prominent locations within successful shopping malls. We cannot control the development of new shopping malls, the availability or cost of appropriate locations within existing or new shopping malls, or the success of individual shopping malls. We have experienced a decrease in shopping mall traffic which has had an adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally, the loss of an anchor or other significant tenant in a shopping mall in which we have a store, or the closure of a significant number of shopping malls in which we have stores, either by a single landlord with a large portfolio of malls, or by a number of smaller individual landlords, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 12 Table of Contents A significant decrease in sales or existence of excess inventory could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. Our net sales are disproportionately higher from August through January each year due to increased sales from back-to-school and holiday shopping. Our net sales from February through July are typically lower due to, in part, the traditional retail slowdown immediately following the winter holiday season. Any significant decrease in sales during any season, but in particular the back-to-school and holiday shopping seasons, would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. In addition, in order to prepare for the back-to-school and holiday shopping seasons, we must order and keep in stock significantly more merchandise than we would carry during other parts of the year. Any unanticipated decrease in demand for our products would require us to sell excess inventory at a substantial markdown, which would reduce our net sales and gross margins and negatively impact our profitability. Additionally, our business is also subject, at certain times, to calendar shifts which may occur during key selling times such as school holidays, Easter and regional fluctuations in the calendar during the back-to-school selling season. Our debt agreements contain covenants that limit our flexibility in operating our business. The agreements governing our indebtedness contain various covenants that require us to have a specified minimum amount of cash and availability on hand and limit our ability to engage in specified types of transactions, and may adversely affect our ability to operate our business. Among other things, these covenants limit our ability to: • incur additional debt or encumber assets of the Company; • merge with or acquire other companies, liquidate or dissolve; • sell, transfer, lease or dispose of assets; • make loans or guarantees; and • transfer cash to certain of our subsidiaries. The Loan Agreement with affiliates of Sycamore Partners also contains a $70.0 million minimum liquidity covenant. We were in compliance with the minimum liquidity covenant and other covenants under the Loan Agreement as of January 31, 2015. A breach of any of these covenants could result in default under one or more of our debt agreements, which could prompt the lenders to declare all amounts outstanding under the debt agreements to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. If the lenders under the debt agreements accelerate the repayment of borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets and funds to repay the borrowings under our debt agreements. Our ability to make payments on and to repay or refinance our debt and to fund planned capital expenditures depends upon cash balances, availability under our Credit Facility, and our ability to generate cash. Our ability to make payments on and to repay or refinance our debt and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on cash balances, availability under our Credit Facility and our ability to generate cash, which is, to some extent, subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt and meet our other commitments, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as refinancing all or a portion of our debt, selling material assets or operations or raising additional debt or equity capital. We may not be able to successfully carry out any of these actions on a timely basis, on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or be assured that these actions would be sufficient to meet our capital requirements. In addition, the terms of our existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from affecting any of these alternatives. To the extent we are not able to comply with required covenants in our Credit Facility and/or Loan Agreement with affiliates of Sycamore Partners or fail to make scheduled payments on our debt and are unable to obtain a waiver or amendment, our access to the Credit Facility may be limited and we could be in default under the Credit Facility and/or the Loan Agreement. Our ability to react to raw material cost fluctuations, labor and energy prices could reduce our overall profitability. Global inflationary economic conditions have contributed to our reduced overall profitability. In addition, any reduction in merchandise available to us or any significant increase in the costs to produce that merchandise would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We have strategies in place to mitigate the rising cost of raw materials and our overall profitability depends on the success of those strategies. Additionally, increases in other costs, including labor and energy, could also adversely impact our results of operations as well. 13 Table of Contents We may continue to experience declines in comparable stores sales and there can be no guarantee that the strategic initiative we are implementing to improve our results will be successful. Our comparable sales have declined by 11% in fiscal 2014, 15% in fiscal 2013 and 2% in fiscal 2012 and we experienced declining operating results over these periods. Our comparable sales and quarterly results of operations are affected by a variety of factors, including: • mall traffic and the actions of our competitors or mall anchor tenants; • changes in general economic conditions and consumer spending patterns; • fashion trends; • changes in our merchandise mix; • the effectiveness of our inventory management; • calendar shifts of holiday or seasonal periods; • the timing of promotional events; • weather conditions; and • the seasonality of our business reflecting the general peak sales for teen clothing and accessories during the back-to-school and holiday shopping seasons. We have taken steps focused on executing our key merchandising, operational and financial initiatives to improve our performance. Our ability to fund operations and capital expenditures in the future will be dependent on our ability to generate cash from operations, maintain or improve margins, decrease the rate of decline in store sales and to borrow funds available under its loan agreements. In addition, if our comparable sales and/or results of operations fail to meet the expectations of investors then the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. There can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve its strategic initiatives. If such strategic initiatives are not achieved this could have a significant adverse effect on its operations. Please refer to the section entitled “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for more information. Internet sales are subject to numerous risks. We sell merchandise over the internet through our e-commerce websites, www.aeropostale.com , www.ps4u.com and www.gojane.com . Our internet operations are subject to numerous risks, including: • the successful implementation of new systems and internet or mobile platforms; • the failure of the computer systems that operate our websites and their related support systems, causing, among other things, website downtimes and other technical failures; • reliance on third-party computer hardware/software; • rapid technological change; • liability for online content; • violations of state or federal laws, including those relating to online privacy; • credit card fraud; and • telecommunications failures and vulnerability to electronic break-ins and similar disruptions. Our failure to successfully address and respond to these risks could reduce internet sales, increase costs and damage the reputation of our brand. Closing stores could result in significant costs to us. We have announced plans to close underperforming stores and could, in the future, decide to close additional stores that are producing losses or that are not as profitable as we expect. If we decide to close any stores before the expiration of their lease terms, we may incur payments to landlords to terminate or “buy out” the remaining term of the lease. We also may incur costs related to the employees at such stores, whether or not we terminate the leases early. Upon any such closure, the closing costs, including fixed assets and inventory write-downs, could adversely affect our results and could adversely affect our cash on hand. Failure of new business concepts would have a negative effect on our results of operations. We expect that the introduction of new brand concepts will play an important role in our overall business strategy. These new brand concepts include the exclusive Bethany Mota Collection, as well as our sub-brand businesses Live Love Dream, Tokyo Darling, Brooklyn Calling and Free State. These new brand concepts also include the acquisition of GoJane in fiscal 14 Table of Contents 2012, as well as other new business opportunities, such as international expansion. Our ability to succeed with a new brand concept requires significant expenditures and management attention. Additionally, any new brand is subject to certain risks including customer acceptance, competition, product differentiation, the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including management and designers, diversion of management's attention from our core Aéropostale business and the ability to obtain suitable sites for new stores. We rely on a small number of vendors to supply a significant amount of our merchandise. During fiscal 2014 and 2013, we sourced approximately 81% and 83%, respectively, of our merchandise from our top five merchandise vendors. Our relationships with our suppliers generally are not on a long-term contractual basis and do not provide assurances on a long-term basis as to adequate supply, quality or acceptable pricing. Most of our suppliers could discontinue selling to us at any time. If one or more of our significant suppliers were to sever their relationship with us, we may not be able to obtain replacement products in a timely manner, which would have a material adverse effect on our sales, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we do not own or operate any of our own manufacturing facilities and therefore we depend upon independent third party vendors to manufacture all of the merchandise we sell in our stores. If any of our vendors, especially our primary vendors which manufacture the majority of our merchandise, ship orders to us late, do not meet our quality standards, or otherwise fail to deliver us product in accordance with our plans, then there would be a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our foreign sources of production may not always be reliable, which may result in a disruption in the flow of new merchandise to our stores. The large majority of the merchandise that we purchase is manufactured overseas. We generally do not have any long-term merchandise supply contracts with our vendors and the imports of our merchandise by our vendors are subject to existing or potential duties, tariffs and quotas. We also face a variety of other risks generally associated with doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise from abroad, such as: (i) political instability; (ii) labor instability/employee unrest (iii) enhanced security measures at foreign and United States ports, which could delay delivery of goods; (iv) imposition of new legislation relating to import quotas that may limit the quantity of goods which may be imported into the United States from countries in a region within which we do business; (v) imposition of additional or greater duties, taxes, and other charges on imports; (vi) delayed receipt or non-delivery of goods due to the failure of our vendors to comply with applicable import regulations; and (vii) delayed receipt or non-delivery of goods due to unexpected or significant port congestion or labor unrest at United States ports. Any disruption to our vendors and our foreign sources of production due to any of the factors listed above or due to other unforeseeable events or circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our revenues, product costs and other expenses are subject to foreign economic and currency risks due to our operations outside of the United States. We have operations in Canada and our vendors, independent manufacturers and licensees are located around the world. The value of the U.S. dollar against other foreign currencies has seen significant volatility recently. While our business is conducted in U.S. dollars (other than our operations in Canada), we source virtually all of our production overseas, all of our licensees operate outside of the United States and we generate revenues in Canada. Cost increases caused by currency exchange rate fluctuations could make our products less competitive or have a material adverse effect on our profitability. Currency exchange rate fluctuations could also disrupt the business of our independent manufacturers that produce our products by making their purchases of raw materials or products more expensive and more difficult to finance. Additionally, fluctuations in exchange rates could impact the operations of our international licensees, which could have an adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business could suffer if a manufacturer fails to use acceptable labor practices. Our sourcing suppliers and independent manufacturers are required to operate in compliance with all applicable foreign and domestic laws and regulations. While our vendor operating guidelines promote ethical business practices for our vendors and suppliers, we do not control these third parties or their labor practices. The violation of labor or other laws by an independent manufacturer, or by one of the sourcing suppliers, or the divergence of an independent manufacturer's or sourcing supplier's labor practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the United States, could interrupt, or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products or damage our reputation. Any of these, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. To help mitigate this risk, we engage a third party independent contractor to visit the production facilities from which we receive our products. This independent contractor assesses the compliance of the facility with, among other things, local and United States labor laws and regulations as well as foreign and domestic fair trade and business practices. 15 Table of Contents Because of our international licensing operations, we could be adversely affected by violations of the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. The United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to governmental officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. However, we cannot provide assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The unexpected loss of the services of key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our key executive officers have substantial experience and expertise in the retail industry and have made significant contributions to the growth and success of our brands. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could adversely affect us. Modifications and/or upgrades to our information technology systems may disrupt our operations. We regularly evaluate our information technology systems and requirements. Modifications may include replacing existing systems with successor systems, making changes to existing systems, or acquiring new systems with new functionality. We are aware of the inherent risks associated with replacing, modifying, upgrading, maintaining and expanding these systems, including inaccurate system information, system disruptions and user acceptance and understanding. Information technology system disruptions and inaccurate system information, if not anticipated and appropriately mitigated, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, there is no assurance that a successfully implemented system will deliver the anticipated value to us. We could face liability from, or our ability to conduct business could be adversely affected by, government and private actions concerning personally identifiable information, including privacy. Our direct marketing business is subject to federal and state laws regarding the collection, maintenance and disclosure of personally identifiable information we collect and maintain in our database. If we do not comply, we could become subject to liability. While these provisions do not currently unduly restrict our ability to operate our business, if those regulations become more restrictive, they could adversely affect our business. In addition, laws or regulations that could impair our ability to collect and use user names and other information on our e-commerce websites may adversely affect our business. For example, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1999, as amended, currently limits our ability to collect personal information from website visitors who may be under age 13. Further, we could be subject to a claim based on other alleged misuse of personal information, such as use for unauthorized marketing purposes. If we violate any of these laws, we could face civil penalties. In addition, the attorneys general of various states review company websites and their privacy policies from time to time. In particular, an attorney general may examine our privacy policies to assure that the policies overtly and explicitly inform users of the manner in which the information they provide will be used and disclosed by the Company. If one or more attorneys general were to determine that our privacy policies fail to conform to state law, we also could face fines or civil penalties, any of which could adversely affect our business. Our failure to appropriately safeguard the personally identifiable information of customers, employees and third parties could subject us to reputational damage and/or legal liability. Information technology system disruption and cyber security risks could harm our net sales, increase our expenses, harm our reputation, expose us to litigation and adversely affect our business. We depend on information technology systems for the successful operation of our business, including email communications, the design, manufacture and distribution of our products, marketing efforts, collection and retention of customer data, employee information, processing of credit card transactions, e-commerce activities and the use of social media to interact with our customers. Although we take protective measures, including measures to effectively secure information through system security technology, the possibility of a cyber-attack on any one or all of these systems is a serious threat. In addition to our own networks and databases, we use third party service providers to store, process and transmit certain of this information on our behalf. We also rely on one third-party, GSI Commerce, Inc. (“GSI”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of eBay Inc., to host our e-commerce website, warehouse all of the inventory sold through our e-commerce website, and fulfill all of our e-commerce sales to our customers. GSI also performs additional services for us to support our e-commerce business. We collect, retain and transmit confidential information over such systems. Although we contractually require these service providers to implement and use reasonable security measures, we cannot control third parties and cannot guarantee that a 16 Table of Contents security breach will not occur in the future in their systems. We have confidential security measures in place to protect our physical facilities and information technology systems from attacks. Despite these measures, we may be vulnerable to targeted or random security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. Any misappropriation of confidential or personally identifiable information gathered, stored or used by us could have a material impact on the operation of our business, including damaging our reputation with our customers, employees, third parties and investors. We maintain cyber liability insurance coverage for risks including third party claims alleging personal injury, damage caused by breach of network, third party intellectual property damage claims via website and advertising, customer information stolen, as well as costs of response, legal and regulatory penalties. We could also incur significant costs implementing additional security measures to comply with applicable federal, state or international laws and regulations governing the unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information as well as increased costs such as organizational changes, implementing additional protection technologies, training employees, engaging consultants. In addition, we could incur lost revenues and face increased litigation as a result of any potential cyber security breach. We have not experienced any material misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of confidential or personally identifiable information as a result of a cyber security breach or other act, however, a cyber security breach or other act and/or disruption to our information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on third parties to manage our distribution centers and transport our merchandise to our stores; a disruption of our distribution activities could have a material adverse effect on our business. The efficient operation of our stores is dependent on our ability to distribute our merchandise in a timely manner to our store locations throughout the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. We currently lease and maintain two third-party independently operated distribution facilities, one in South River, New Jersey, and the other in Ontario, California. In addition, we also utilize a third distribution center, located in Canada, which is independently owned and operated. These distribution centers manage the receipt, storage, sortation, packaging and distribution of virtually all of our merchandise. These third parties employ personnel represented by labor unions. Although there have been no work stoppages or disruptions since the inception of our relationships with these third party providers, there can be no assurance that work stoppages or disruptions will not occur in the future. We also use separate third party transportation companies to deliver our merchandise from our distribution centers to our stores. Any failure by any of these third parties to respond adequately to our warehousing, distribution and transportation needs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business. As a public company, we are subject to numerous regulatory requirements. Our policies, procedures and internal controls are designed to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including those imposed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the SEC and the NYSE. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and on the market price of our common stock. We are subject to customs, child labor, tax, employment, privacy, truth-in-advertising and other laws, including consumer protection regulations and zoning and occupancy ordinances that regulate retailers generally and/or govern the importation, promotion and sale of merchandise and the operation of retail stores and distribution and fulfillment centers. Additional legal and regulatory requirements, and the fact that foreign laws occasionally conflict with domestic laws, have increased the complexity of the regulatory environment and the cost of compliance. If these laws change without our knowledge, or are violated by importers, designers, manufacturers or distributors, we could experience delays in shipments and receipt of goods or be subject to fines or other penalties under the controlling regulations, any of which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, legal actions may be filed against us from time to time, including class actions. These actions may assert commercial, tort, intellectual property, customer, employment, data privacy, securities or other claims. We may also be impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders, that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common shares, or our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We rely on a third party to manage the web-hosting, operation, warehousing and order fulfillment for our e-commerce business; any disruption of these activities could have a material adverse effect on our e-commerce business. We rely on one third party, GSI Commerce, Inc. (“GSI”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of eBay Inc., to host our e-commerce websites, warehouse all of the inventory sold through our e-commerce websites, and fulfill all of our e-commerce sales to our customers, excluding GoJane. GSI also performs additional services to support our e-commerce business. Any significant 17 Table of Contents interruption in the operations of GSI, over which we have no control, would have a material adverse effect on our e-commerce business. Failure to protect our trademarks adequately could negatively impact our brand image and limit our ability to penetrate new markets. We believe that our key trademarks including AÉROPOSTALE ® , AERO ® and 87 ® , LIVE LOVE DREAM ® and P.S. FROM AÉROPOSTALE ® and variations thereof, are integral to our logo-driven design strategy. In addition, the trademarks for our GoJane business acquired in late 2012 are important to our business strategy. We have obtained federal registrations of or have pending applications for these trademarks in the United States and have applied for or obtained registrations in most foreign countries in which our merchandise is produced and licensees are located, as well as elsewhere. We use these trademarks in our constantly changing designs and logos even though we have not applied to register every variation or combination thereof for apparel and related accessories. There can be no assurance that the registrations we own and have obtained will prevent the imitation of our products or infringement of our intellectual property rights by others. If any third party imitates our products in a manner that projects lesser quality or carries a negative connotation, our brand image could be materially adversely affected. There can be no assurance that others will not try to block the manufacture, export or sale of our products to prevent an alleged violation of their trademarks or other proprietary rights. Other entities may have rights to trademarks that contain portions of our marks or may have registered similar or competing marks for apparel and accessories in foreign countries in which products are manufactured are located. There may also be other prior registrations in other foreign countries of which we are not aware. Accordingly, it may not be possible, in those few foreign countries where we were not able to register our marks, to enjoin the manufacture, sale or exportation of AÉROPOSTALE, P.S. FROM AÉROPOSTALE or GOJANE branded goods to the United States. If we were unable to reach a licensing arrangement with these parties, our vendors may be unable to manufacture our products in those countries. Our inability to register our trademarks or purchase or license the right to use our trademarks or logos in these jurisdictions could limit our ability to obtain supplies from or manufacture in less costly markets or enter new markets should our business plan change to include selling our merchandise in those jurisdictions outside the United States. Failure to effectively execute or to realize the anticipated benefits of our announced strategic initiatives and cost reduction program could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. We have previously announced strategic initiatives and a comprehensive cost reduction program as a part of our on-going turnaround plans and strategic business review (the “Program”). As a part of the Program, we have closed 126 P.S. from Aéropostale stores, primarily in mall locations, and pursued other cost reduction efforts. Risks associated with the Program include delays in implementation, changes in plans that impact associated costs, impact on employee morale and failure to meet operational and strategic targets. These efforts could result in our recording additional charges. The inability to successfully implement these initiatives or failure to do so as timely as we anticipate, could impact our ability to achieve anticipated cost reductions or may otherwise harm our business and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and liquidity. We have recorded store asset impairment charges in the past and we may be required to recognize impairment charges in the future. Pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles, we are required to recognize an impairment charge when circumstances indicate that the carrying value of long-lived assets and intangible assets with finite lives may not be recoverable. Management’s policy in determining whether an impairment indicator exists (i.e., a triggering event) comprises measurable operating performance criteria as well as qualitative measures. If a determination is made that the asset’s carrying value is not recoverable over its estimated useful life, the asset is written down to estimated fair value, if lower. The determination of fair value of the assets is generally based on estimated expected discounted future net cash flows, which is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows identifiable with the long-lived asset at our weighted-average cost of capital. If these estimates or projections change, we may be required to record additional impairment charges on certain of these assets. We have recognized impairment charges related to under-performing store locations of approximately $77.2 million in fiscal 2014 for 341 stores, $46.1 million in fiscal 2013 for 230 stores and $32.6 million in fiscal 2012 for 119 stores. Additionally, pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles, we are required to perform impairment tests on our identifiable intangible assets with indefinite lives, including goodwill, annually or at any time when certain events occur, which could impact the value and earnings of our operating segments. Our determination of whether impairment has occurred is based on a comparison of the assets’ estimated fair market values with the assets’ carrying values. Significant and unanticipated 18 Table of Contents changes to these estimates could require impairment charges in a future period that could substantially affect our statement of operations in the period of such change. We have recognized impairment charges of approximately $5.1 million in fiscal 2014 for impairments to the GoJane trademark. There were no impairment charges recorded for our identifiable intangible assets in fiscal 2013 or fiscal 2012. Changes in accounting standards and estimates could materially impact our results of operations. Generally accepted accounting principles and the related authoritative guidance, for many aspects of our business, including revenue recognition, inventories, long-lived assets, goodwill, intangible assets, leases, income taxes and stock-based compensation are complex and involve subjective judgments. Changes in these rules or changes in the underlying estimates, assumptions or judgments by our management could have a material impact on our results of operations. For example, proposed authoritative guidance for lease accounting, once finalized and enacted, may have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position. The effects of war, acts of terrorism, natural disasters or other unforeseen wide-scale events could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. The continued threat of terrorism and the associated heightened security measures and military actions in response to acts of terrorism have disrupted commerce and have intensified uncertainties in the U.S. economy. Any further acts of terrorism, a future war or a widespread natural disaster may disrupt commerce and undermine consumer confidence, which could negatively impact our sales revenue by causing consumer spending and/or mall traffic to decline. Furthermore, an act of terrorism or war, or the threat thereof, or any other natural disaster that results in unforeseen interruptions of commerce, could negatively impact our business by interfering with our ability to obtain merchandise from our vendors. We are subject to litigation risk due to the nature of our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and business. From time to time, we are involved in lawsuits or other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. These may relate to, for example, trademark, servicemark, copyright or other intellectual property matters, employment law matters, commercial disputes, consumer protection claims, claims of regulatory authorities, or other matters. In addition, as a public company we could from time to time face claims relating to corporate or securities law matters. In connection with such litigation, we may be subject to significant damages or equitable remedies. Any of such litigation, whether as plaintiff or defendant, could be costly and time consuming and could divert management and key personnel from our regular business operations. We do not currently believe that any of our outstanding litigation will have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. However, due to the uncertainty of litigation and depending on the amount and the timing of any claims, an unfavorable resolution of such claims could materially affect our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Item 1B