 Sections of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and management’s comments from time to time may contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements are based on management’s current knowledge and estimates of factors affecting the Company’s operations, both known and unknown. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking information as actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated. In addition, a number of other factors (those identified elsewhere in this document and others, both known and unknown) may cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. A. H. Belo’s businesses operate in highly competitive media markets, and the Company’s ability to maintain market share and generate revenue depends on how effectively the Company competes with existing and new competition. The Company’s businesses operate in highly competitive media markets. A. H. Belo’s newspapers compete for advertising and circulation revenue with other newspapers, websites, digital applications, magazines, television, radio, direct mail and other media. The continued expansion of digital media and communications, particularly social media, mobile applications and the proliferation of tablet and mobile devices has increased some consumers’ preferences to receive all or part of their news and information digitally. Websites such as craigslist.org , monster.com and cars.com provide a cost efficient platform for reaching wide but targeted audiences for classified advertising. Websites such as Facebook, Twitter, Google and Yahoo! are successful in gathering national, local and entertainment news and information from multiple sources and attracting a broad readership base. Historically, newspaper publishing was viewed as a cost-effective method of delivery for various forms of advertising to a large audience. The continued development and deployment of new technologies and greater competition from other media increases the challenge to the Company to provide competitive offerings to retain its print, as well as digital, advertisers and subscribers. A. H. Belo’s ability to stabilize advertising and circulation revenue through price and volume increases may be affected by competition from other forms of media and other publications available in the Company’s various markets, declining consumer spending on discretionary items like newspapers, decreasing amounts of free time and declining frequency of regular newspaper buying among certain demographic groups. The Company may also incur higher costs competing for paid circulation, and if the Company is not able to compete effectively for advertising dollars and paid circulation, revenue may decline and the Company’s financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. Purchasing practices of national advertisers could negatively impact the Company’s pricing and ability to up-sell other products, which could result in lower revenues. Many national advertisers which place advertising in the Company’s newspapers are centralizing purchasing functions and streamlining the buying and negotiating process. This has resulted in the commoditization of certain advertising products, which limits the Company’s ability to promote its position in the market, the customer service value of its relationship with the advertiser, or the benefits of its suite of products, including the Company’s ability to up-sell other products. This also may put the Company in competition with other advertising companies that are able to offer lower prices for a larger geographical area than the Company covers. Accordingly, the Company could experience a decline in pricing which could result in a decline in revenue. A. H. Belo may be unsuccessful in providing desired types of news and information content on digital platforms. The Company increased the functionality of the websites associated with its core newspapers and offered applications for smart phones, tablet devices and e-readers. These digital platforms provide consumers varying levels of access to similar content offered within the respective newspaper, as well as late-breaking local, national and international news stories and interactive content, such as video, blogs and Twitter feeds. However, the frequency, types and depth of news desired by digital users may not be predictable or consistent with the news and other content offered on the Company’s digital platforms and the costs to attract and retain such consumers may be unprofitable to the Company’s operations. The Company holds significant cash reserves from the sales of its newspapers and investments and may not be successful in deploying these reserves in a profitable manner, and if additional capital resources are desired, the Company may not be able to obtain capital on favorable terms, if at all. At December 31, 2014 , the Company held $158,171 in cash and cash equivalents, largely due to the disposition of its interest in Classified Ventures and the sale of The Providence Journal . The Company’s future growth and profitability may be dependent upon its ability to profitably invest its capital in products and businesses that produce profitable revenue and generate acceptable returns on investment. The Company may not be able to find suitable opportunities to reinvest available cash, which could adversely impact the return on capital, or may make investments that do not yield the expected returns. If the Company deploys a substantial portion of the cash reserves, it may need additional financing to execute on current or future business strategies, including: developing new products internally, diversifying revenue streams by acquiring or investing in established and profitable businesses; A. H. Belo Corporation 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 9 Table of Contents making required investments in its operating infrastructure in order to support revenue growth; or otherwise responding to competitive pressures. The Company’s ability to raise financial capital in the future may be hindered due to uncertainty regarding A. H. Belo or the newspaper industry’s prospective performance. If adequate funds are not available or are not available on acceptable terms, if and when needed, the Company’s ability to conduct acquisitions, make investments in its businesses, take advantage of unanticipated opportunities, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures, could be significantly limited. There can be no assurance that the Company’s product and service initiatives will be successful. The Company has introduced new product and service initiatives designed to grow advertising and market services revenue and to respond to challenges of maintaining revenue in existing markets. These initiatives may not be successful for advertisers, may not be scalable or profitable and could result in unprofitable financial performance. Decreases in circulation may adversely affect A. H. Belo’s advertising and circulation revenue. A. H. Belo’s newspapers, and the newspaper industry as a whole, are challenged to maintain and grow print circulation volume. To the extent circulation volume declines cannot be offset by rate increases the Company will realize lower circulation revenue. Further, circulation volume declines could also result in lower rates and volumes for advertising revenue. The Company’s potential inability to successfully execute cost control measures could result in total operating costs that are greater than expected. The primary costs of the Company’s operations include employee compensation and benefits; followed by distribution costs, newsprint and other production materials and technology costs. The Company has taken steps to lower its costs through selling or discontinuing production of unprofitable operations and products, reducing personnel and employee benefits and implementing general cost control measures. Although the Company continues its cost control efforts, the Company may be unable to match revenue declines with offsetting cost reductions. Certain operating costs may not fluctuate directly with the changes in revenue volumes, which could result in lower margins if advertising and circulation volumes decline. The Company could also experience inflationary pressures from suppliers and be unable to generate additional revenue or additional cost reductions to offset these inflationary pressures. The Company utilizes outside service providers to distribute its newspapers, and certain preprint advertising are distributed through the mail. Higher fuel costs or higher postage rates could result in higher direct costs incurred by the Company to distribute its products. The basic raw material for newspapers is newsprint. The price of newsprint has historically fluctuated significantly. Consolidation in the North American newsprint industry reduced the number of suppliers and led to paper mill closures and conversions to other grades of paper, which in turn decreased overall newsprint capacity and increased the likelihood of higher prices. Recently implemented health care mandates may require the Company to evaluate the scope of health care benefits offered to its workforce and the method in which health care benefits are delivered. These mandates may require an expansion of coverage and benefits offered to employees that could increase the Company’s cost to provide medical benefits to employees. Additionally, as the economy recovers from the recent recession, competition for qualified personnel may require the Company to spend more on compensation costs, including employee benefits, to attract and retain its workforce. The Company may not be able to pass on to customers these potential cost increases given the significant competition for advertising dollars and the ability of customers to obtain their news from other media at a low cost. If the Company does not achieve expected savings or if operating costs increase due to the creation and development of new products or otherwise, total operating costs may be greater than anticipated. The Company believes appropriate steps are being taken to control costs. However, if the Company is not successful in matching revenue declines with corresponding cost reductions, the quality of the Company’s product’s could be affected as well as the Company’s ability to generate future profits. These events could result in impairment to the Company’s goodwill and other long-lived assets. A. H. Belo has had turnover in its senior executive management. A. H. Belo depends on key personnel and may not be able to operate and grow its business effectively if the Company is unable to replace executive officers or loses the services of other senior executive officers or key operational employees or is unable to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. A. H. Belo relies on the efforts of its senior executive officers and other management. The Company’s chief financial officer has recently departed the Company for another executive position, and the Company’s controller is serving as its principal financial officer until a new chief financial officer is hired. The position of a senior vice president is being eliminated, and his corporate secretarial duties will be reallocated to the Company’s general counsel. In addition, the editor of its flagship paper, The Dallas Morning News , has recently announced his retirement in May 2015. An executive has been hired for the role of editor. In addition, PAGE 10 A. H. Belo Corporation 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K Table of Contents operating executives have recently been appointed to the key operational roles of chief revenue officer and chief digital officer of The Dallas Morning News . The success of the Company’s businesses depends heavily on their ability to successfully execute the required responsibilities of these roles as well as the Company’s ability to retain current management and to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. Competition for senior management personnel is intense and A. H. Belo may not be able to retain its key personnel or hire suitable replacements. In addition, reductions in staff and in employee benefits could adversely affect the Company’s ability to attract and retain key employees. The Company has not entered into employment agreements with key management personnel and does not have “key person” insurance for any of its senior executive officers or other key personnel. A. H. Belo has a change in control severance plan covering key management personnel that is triggered under certain conditions if a change in control occurs. Market conditions could increase the funding requirements associated with the Company’s pension plans. The Company is the sole sponsor of A. H. Belo Pension Plans I and II (collectively, the “A. H. Belo Pension Plans”) and is required to meet certain pension funding requirements as established under the Employment Retirement Income Security Act (“ERISA”). Instability in global and domestic capital markets may result in low returns on the assets contributed to the A. H. Belo Pension Plans. Additionally, low yields on corporate bonds may decrease the discount rate, resulting in a higher funding obligation. Although legislation was enacted into law in 2012 which provided limited funding relief, these conditions could materially increase the funding requirements associated with the A. H. Belo Pension Plans, which could have an adverse impact on the Company’s liquidity and financial condition. Adverse results from new litigation or governmental proceedings or investigations could adversely affect A. H. Belo’s business, financial condition and results of operations. From time to time, A. H. Belo and its subsidiaries are subject to litigation, governmental proceedings and investigations. Adverse determinations in any such matters could require A. H. Belo to make monetary payments or result in other sanctions or findings that could affect adversely the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. A. H. Belo’s directors and executive officers have significant combined voting power and significant influence over its management and affairs. A. H. Belo directors and executive officers hold approximately 54.4 percent of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock as of December 31, 2014. A. H. Belo’s Series A common stock has one vote per share and Series B common stock has 10 votes per share. Except for certain extraordinary corporate transactions, generally all matters to be voted on by A. H. Belo’s shareholders must be approved by a majority of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding voting stock, voting as a single class. Certain extraordinary corporate transactions, such as a merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets, dissolution of the Company, the alteration, amendment, or repeal of A. H. Belo’s bylaws by shareholders and certain amendments to A. H. Belo’s certificate of incorporation, require the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of the outstanding voting stock, voting as a single class. Accordingly, A. H. Belo’s directors and executive officers will have significant influence over the Company’s management and affairs and over all matters requiring shareholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions. This ownership may limit other shareholders’ ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, A. H. Belo may take actions that some shareholders do not view as beneficial. A. H. Belo Corporation 2014 Annual Report on Form 10-K PAGE 11 Table of Contents Item 1B