. You should consider carefully the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report and in our other public filings, in
evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price
of our common stock would likely decline. Risks Related to Our Business Our prospects are highly dependent on the success of pimavanserin, our most advanced product candidate. To the extent regulatory approval of NUPLAZID (pimavanserin) is delayed or not granted or
NUPLAZID is not commercially successful, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected and the price of our common stock may decline. We currently have no product candidates approved for sale, and we may never be able to develop marketable products. The research, testing,
manufacturing, labeling, approval, sale, import, export, marketing, and distribution of pharmaceutical product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, and other regulatory authorities in the
United States and other countries, whose regulations differ from country to country. We are focusing a significant portion of our activities and resources on pimavanserin, and we believe our prospects are highly dependent on, and a significant
portion of the value of our company relates to, our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize NUPLAZID (pimavanserin) in the United States and potentially in additional territories. The regulatory approval and
successful commercialization of NUPLAZID is subject to many risks, including the risks discussed in other risk factors, and NUPLAZID may not receive marketing approval from any regulatory agency. If the results or timing of regulatory filings, the
regulatory process, regulatory developments, commercialization, clinical trials or preclinical studies, or other activities, actions or decisions related to pimavanserin do not meet our or others’ expectations, the market price of our common
stock could decline significantly. In April 2013, we announced that the FDA had agreed that the data from our -020 Study,
together with supportive data from our other studies with NUPLAZID, are sufficient to support the filing of a New Drug Application, or NDA, for the treatment of Parkinson’s disease psychosis, or PDP. We are currently completing the NDA and
related preparations to support a review of the NDA, and plan to submit the NDA to the FDA in the first quarter of 2015. While the FDA has agreed to review an NDA for NUPLAZID on the basis of our positive pivotal -020 Study data, along with supportive efficacy and safety data from other NUPLAZID studies, the NDA will be subject to FDA review to determine whether the entire filing package is adequate to support approval
of NUPLAZID for PDP. Notwithstanding the guidance that we received in April 2013, the FDA retains complete discretion in deciding whether to file an NDA for NUPLAZID and there are many components to an NDA submission beyond the efficacy and safety
data reviewed by the FDA in 2013. For example, in addition to reviewing the safety and efficacy data for NUPLAZID, the FDA will review our internal systems and processes, as well as those of our vendors, related to our development of NUPLAZID,
including those pertaining to our clinical trials and manufacturing processes. Even if our NDA submission for NUPLAZID is accepted for filing, the FDA retains complete discretion in deciding whether or not to approve an NDA and there is no guarantee
that NUPLAZID will be approved for the treatment of PDP or any other indication. Additionally, the FDA may convene an advisory committee of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, to review, evaluate and provide
recommendations as to whether the NDA for NUPLAZID should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. The FDA may
choose not to approve our NDA for NUPLAZID for any of a variety of reasons, including a decision related to the safety or efficacy data for NUPLAZID or for any other issues that they may identify related to our development of NUPLAZID for the
treatment of PDP. Thus, significant uncertainty remains regarding the regulatory approval process for NUPLAZID. 19 Table of Contents Even if the FDA grants an approval for NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP, the terms of the approval
may limit its commercial potential. Additionally, even after receipt of FDA approval, NUPLAZID would be subject to substantial, ongoing regulatory requirements. The FDA has complete discretion over the approval of NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP. If it grants approval, the scope of the approval may limit our ability to commercialize NUPLAZID, and in turn, limit
our ability to generate substantial sales revenues. For example, the FDA may not approve the labeling claims for NUPLAZID that we believe are necessary or desirable for successful commercialization as a treatment for PDP, or may grant approval
contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials or subject to warnings or contraindications. Additionally, even after granting approval, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting,
storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for NUPLAZID will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well
as continued compliance with current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, good clinical practices, international conference on harmonization regulations and good laboratory practices, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA for
all of our clinical development and for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. The FDA may decide to withdraw approval, add warnings or narrow the approved indications in the product label, or establish risk management programs that
could restrict distribution. These actions could result from, among other things, safety concerns, including unexpected side effects or drug-drug interaction problems, or concerns over misuse or abuse of the product. If any of these actions were to
occur following approval, we may have to discontinue the commercialization of NUPLAZID, limit our sales and marketing efforts, and/or conduct post-approval studies, which in turn could result in significant expense and delay or limit our ability to
generate sales revenues. Even if NUPLAZID is approved by the FDA for PDP, we may not be successful in its commercial launch. We currently have a small commercialization group but have never, as an organization, launched or commercialized a
product. Following any potential approval by the FDA of NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP, in addition to building a sales force, we will need to successfully coordinate the commercialization of NUPLAZID. Prior to commercialization, NUPLAZID could
also be subject to review and potential scheduling by the Drug Enforcement Administration of the U.S. Department of Justice, or DEA, which could delay and adversely impact its marketing and commercialization. There are numerous examples of
unsuccessful product launches and, since we have never launched a product, there is no guarantee that we will be able to do so if granted marketing approval for NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP. If any product launch of NUPLAZID is unsuccessful or
perceived as disappointing, our stock price could decline significantly and the long-term success of the product could be harmed. We
currently have no sales force and have no experience as a company in marketing or distributing pharmaceutical products. If we are unable to expand our marketing capabilities and establish our sales force or enter into agreements with third parties
to distribute NUPLAZID, we may not be able to generate product revenues. Our strategy is to build a fully-integrated
biopharmaceutical company to successfully execute the commercial launch of NUPLAZID in the United States following regulatory approval. While we have established our core commercial team, we do not currently have a complete organization for the
sales, marketing and distribution of NUPLAZID, and, as an organization, we do not have any experience commercializing pharmaceutical products. In order to market any products that may be approved by the FDA, including NUPLAZID, we must build our
sales, marketing, managerial, and related capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third
parties, we may not be able to generate product revenues and may not become profitable. 20 Table of Contents Included in our strategy in the United States is a plan to establish a specialty sales force
to commercialize NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP. The establishment and development of our own sales force to market NUPLAZID will be expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to
successfully develop this capability. We will also have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. To the extent we rely on third parties to commercialize
NUPLAZID, we may receive less revenues than if we commercialized these products ourselves. In addition, we may have little or no control over the sales efforts of any third parties involved in commercializing our products. In the event we are unable
to develop our own sales force or collaborate with a third-party marketing and sales organization, we would not be able to effectively commercialize NUPLAZID which would negatively impact our ability to generate product revenues. If we are unable to effectively train and equip our sales force, our ability to successfully commercialize NUPLAZID will be harmed. If approved, NUPLAZID will be a newly-marketed drug and, therefore, none of the members of our sales force will have
ever promoted NUPLAZID prior to its launch. As a result, we will be required to expend significant time and resources to train our sales force to be credible and persuasive in marketing NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP to neurologists, pharmacists
and long-term care facilities. In addition, we must train our sales force to ensure that a consistent and appropriate message about NUPLAZID is being delivered to our potential customers. If we are unable to effectively train our sales force and
equip them with effective materials, including medical and sales literature to help them inform and educate potential customers about the benefits of NUPLAZID and its proper administration, our efforts to successfully commercialize NUPLAZID could be
put in jeopardy, which would negatively impact our ability to generate product revenues. NUPLAZID may not gain acceptance among
physicians, patients, and the medical community, thereby limiting our potential to generate revenues. Even if a
product is approved for commercial sale by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the degree of market acceptance of any approved product candidate by physicians, healthcare professionals and third-party payors, and our profitability and growth
will depend on a number of factors, including: • the ability to provide acceptable evidence of safety and efficacy; • relative convenience and ease of administration; • the prevalence and severity of any adverse side effects; • availability of alternative treatments; • pricing and cost effectiveness, which may be subject to regulatory control; • effectiveness of our or our collaborators’ sales and marketing strategy; and • our ability to obtain sufficient third-party insurance coverage or adequate reimbursement levels. If a product does not provide a treatment regimen that is as beneficial as the current standard of care or otherwise does not provide
patient benefit, that product will not achieve market acceptance and we will not generate sufficient revenues to achieve or maintain profitability. With respect to NUPLAZID specifically, even if approved by the FDA for the treatment of PDP, successful commercialization will depend on whether and to what extent physicians, long-term care facilities
and pharmacies, over whom we have no control, determine to utilize NUPLAZID. NUPLAZID, if approved by the FDA, would be made available to treat PDP, an indication for which the FDA has not approved a pharmaceutical treatment. Because of this, it is
particularly difficult to estimate NUPLAZID’s market potential. Industry sources and analysts have a divergence of estimates for the near- and long-term market potential of NUPLAZID, and a variety of assumptions directly impact the estimates
for NUPLAZID’s market potential, including assumptions regarding the prevalence of PDP, the rate of diagnosis of PDP, the rate of physician adoption of NUPLAZID, and 21 Table of Contents patient adherence and compliance rates. Small differences in these assumptions can lead to widely divergent estimates of the market potential of NUPLAZID. For example, certain research suggests
that patients with Parkinson’s disease may be hesitant to report symptoms of PDP to their treating physicians for a variety of reasons, including apprehension about societal stigmas relating to mental illness. Research also suggests that
physicians who typically treat patients with Parkinson’s disease may not ask about or identify symptoms of PDP. For these reasons, even if PDP occurs in high rates among patients with Parkinson’s disease, it may be underdiagnosed. Even if
PDP is diagnosed, physicians may not prescribe treatment for it, and if they do prescribe treatment, they may prescribe other drugs to treat it, even though they are not approved for PDP, instead of NUPLAZID. In addition, even if NUPLAZID is
prescribed for the treatment of PDP, issues may arise with respect to patient adherence and compliance rates. It is anticipated that the recommended dosing of NUPLAZID, if approved, will be two 17 mg tablets taken together once a day. Patients may
elect, whether at the direction of their physician or otherwise, to take only one tablet a day instead of two, to take tablets at different times during the day, or to otherwise not adhere to the recommended dosing, any of which could result in far
lower efficacy. If patients do not adhere to the recommended dosing of NUPLAZID, patients and physicians may believe that NUPLAZID is less effective, and as a result they may stop taking it and prescribing it. The commercial success of NUPLAZID
depends on acceptance by patients and physicians, and there are a number of factors that could skew our or others’ estimates about whether and to what extent NUPLAZID will be prescribed for the treatment of PDP. Our ability to generate product revenues will be diminished if NUPLAZID does not receive coverage from payors or sells for inadequate prices, or if
patients are unable to obtain adequate levels of reimbursement. Patients who are prescribed medicine for the treatment
of their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescription drugs. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and
commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Coverage decisions may depend upon clinical and economic standards that disfavor new drug products when more established or lower cost therapeutic alternatives are already available or
subsequently become available. Even if we obtain coverage for NUPLAZID, or other products we may market, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Patients may
not use NUPLAZID if coverage is not provided or reimbursement is inadequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of those products. In addition, the market for NUPLAZID will depend significantly on access to third-party payors’ drug formularies, or lists of medications for which third-party payors provide coverage and
reimbursement. The industry competition to be included in such formularies often leads to downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies. Also, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded drug in their formularies or
otherwise restrict patient access to a branded drug when a less costly generic equivalent or other alternative is available. Third-party payors, whether foreign or domestic, or governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of
controlling healthcare costs. In addition, in the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ significantly from
payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of any approved products to each payor separately, with no
assurance that coverage will be obtained. If we are unable to obtain coverage of, and adequate payment levels for, NUPLAZID or any other products we may market from third-party payors, physicians may limit how much or under what circumstances they
will prescribe or administer them and patients may decline to purchase them. This in turn could affect our ability to successfully commercialize NUPLAZID, or any other products we may market, and thereby adversely impact our profitability, results
of operations, financial condition, and future success. 22 Table of Contents We are subject to federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations and implementation or
changes to such healthcare laws and regulations could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals in recent years to change the healthcare system in ways that could impact our
ability to sell our potential products, including NUPLAZID, as described in greater detail in the Government Regulation section of this report. If we are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other federal or state regulations, we may
be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal penalties, damages, fines, individual imprisonment, exclusion from federal health care programs and the restructuring of our operations. Any of these could have a material adverse effect on our
business and financial results. Since many of these laws have not been fully interpreted by the courts, there is an increased risk that we may be found in violation of one or more of their provisions. Any action against us for violation of these
laws, even if we ultimately are successful in our defense, will cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention away from the operation of our business. In addition, in many foreign countries, particularly the countries of the European Union, the pricing of prescription drugs is subject to
government control. In some non-U.S. jurisdictions, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union
provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a
specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. We may face competition from lower-priced products in foreign
countries that have placed price controls on pharmaceutical products. In addition, there may be importation of foreign products that compete with any products we may market, including NUPLAZID, which could negatively impact our profitability. We expect that the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the ACA, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we may receive
for any approved product, including NUPLAZID. An expansion in the government’s role in the U.S. healthcare industry may cause general downward pressure on the prices of prescription drug products, lower reimbursements for providers using
our products, reduce product utilization and adversely affect our business and results of operations. It is unclear whether and to what extent, if at all, other anticipated developments resulting from the federal healthcare reform legislation, such
as an increase in the number of people with health insurance and an increased focus on preventive medicine, may provide us additional revenue to offset the annual excise tax on certain drug product sales enacted under the ACA, subject to limited
exceptions. It is possible that the tax burden, if we are not excepted, would adversely affect our financial performance, which in turn could cause the price of our stock to decline. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government
programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize any
products for which we receive regulatory approval, including NUPLAZID. If our operations are found to be in violation of any
of the laws or regulations described above, comparable laws and regulations of non-U.S. jurisdictions or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines and
the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Any action against us for
violation of these laws, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with
applicable federal and state privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. 23 Table of Contents If we receive marketing approval from the FDA for NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP, we could face
liability if a regulatory authority determines that we are promoting “off-label” use. A company may not
promote “off-label” uses for its drug products. An off-label use is the use of a product for an indication that is not described in the product’s FDA-approved label or for uses that differ from those approved by other applicable
regulatory agencies. Physicians, on the other hand, may prescribe products for off-label uses. Although the FDA and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician’s choice of drug treatment made in
the physician’s independent medical judgment, they do restrict promotional communications from pharmaceutical companies or their sales force with respect to off-label uses of products for which marketing clearance has not been issued. A company
that is found to have promoted off-label use of its product may be subject to significant liability, including civil and criminal sanctions. If we begin marketing NUPLAZID, or any other product, we intend to comply with the FDA and other regulatory
agencies with respect to our promotion of our products, but we cannot be sure that the FDA or other regulatory agencies will agree that we have not violated their restrictions. As a result, we may be subject to criminal and civil liability. In
addition, our management’s attention could be diverted to handle any such alleged violations. A significant number of pharmaceutical companies have been the target of inquiries and investigations by various U.S. federal and state regulatory,
investigative, prosecutorial and administrative entities in connection with the promotion of products for unapproved uses and other sales practices, including the Department of Justice and various U.S. Attorneys’ Offices, the Office of
Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the FDA, the Federal Trade Commission and various state Attorneys General offices. These investigations have alleged violations of various U.S. federal and state laws and regulations,
including claims asserting antitrust violations, violations of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the federal False Claims Act, the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, anti-kickback laws, and other alleged violations in connection with the promotion of
products for unapproved uses, pricing and Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement. If the FDA or any other governmental agency initiates an enforcement action against us or if we are the subject of a qui tam suit and it is determined that we
violated prohibitions relating to the promotion of products for unapproved uses, we could be subject to substantial civil or criminal fines or damage awards and other sanctions such as consent decrees and corporate integrity agreements pursuant to
which our activities would be subject to ongoing scrutiny and monitoring to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Any such fines, awards or other sanctions would have an adverse effect on our revenue, business, financial prospects
and reputation. We expect our net losses to continue for at least the next few years and are unable to predict the extent of future
losses or when we will become profitable, if ever. We have experienced significant net losses since our inception. As
of December 31, 2014, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $498.1 million. We expect to incur net losses over the next few years as we advance our programs and incur significant development and commercialization costs. We have not received any revenues from the commercialization of our product candidates. We plan to submit our NDA for NUPLAZID for the
treatment of PDP in the first quarter of 2015. The regulatory approval process is time consuming and uncertain and there is no guarantee that our planned NDA submission for NUPLAZID will be accepted for filing or, if accepted, approved for
marketing. Even if our NDA for NUPLAZID is approved, we would still expect to incur significant expenses and net losses for at least the next few years as we begin our first ever commercialization efforts and pursue the development and
commercialization of NUPLAZID and other product candidates. Substantially all of our revenues for the twelve months ended December 31, 2014 were from our agreements with various parties, including our research and development grants. The
research term of our 2003 collaboration with Allergan concluded in March 2013 and we no longer recognize revenues from this collaboration. Thus, any significant payments from Allergan pursuant to our continuing collaborations are dependent upon the
advancement of an applicable product candidate. Until such time as we may gain regulatory approval for, and generate revenues from, product sales, we anticipate that collaborations, which provide us with research funding and potential milestone
payments and royalties, and grant funding will continue to be our primary sources of revenues. 24 Table of Contents We cannot be certain that the milestones required to trigger payments under our existing
collaborations will be reached or that we will secure additional collaboration agreements. To obtain revenues from our product candidates, we must succeed, either alone or with others, in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing
and marketing drugs with significant market potential. We may never succeed in these activities and may never generate revenues that are significant enough to achieve profitability. If we fail to obtain the capital necessary to fund our operations, we will be unable to successfully develop and commercialize NUPLAZID or any of our other product candidates. We have consumed substantial amounts of capital since our inception. Our cash, cash equivalents and investment securities totaled $322.5
million at December 31, 2014. While we believe that our existing cash resources will be sufficient to fund our cash requirements at least into the second half of 2016, we may require significant additional financing in the future to continue to
fund our operations. Our future capital requirements will depend on, and could increase significantly as a result of, many factors including: • the progress in, and the costs of, our ongoing and planned development activities for pimavanserin, planned commercialization activities for NUPLAZID,
and other research and development programs; • the costs of preparing applications for regulatory approvals for NUPLAZID and other product candidates; • the costs of establishing, or contracting for, sales and marketing capabilities for NUPLAZID or other product candidates; • our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and generate product sales from, NUPLAZID or other product candidates; • the costs of acquiring additional product candidates or research and development programs; • the scope, prioritization and number of our research and development programs; • the ability of our collaborators and us to reach the milestones and other events or developments triggering payments under our collaboration or license
agreements, or our collaborators’ ability to make payments under these agreements; • our ability to enter into new, and to maintain existing, collaboration and license agreements; • the extent to which we are obligated to reimburse collaborators or collaborators are obligated to reimburse us for costs under collaboration
agreements; • the costs involved in filing, prosecuting, enforcing and defending patent claims and other intellectual property rights; • the costs of securing manufacturing arrangements for clinical or commercial production of NUPLAZID or other product candidates; and • the costs associated with litigation. Unless and until we can generate significant cash from our operations, we expect to satisfy our future cash needs through our existing cash, cash equivalents and investment securities, strategic
collaborations, public or private sales of our securities, debt financings, grant funding, or by licensing all or a portion of our product candidates or technology. In the past, periods of turmoil and volatility in the financial markets have
adversely affected the market capitalizations of many biotechnology companies, and generally made equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain. These events, coupled with other factors, may limit our access to additional financing in the
future. This could have a material adverse effect on our ability to access sufficient funding. We cannot be certain that additional funding will be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. If funds are not available, we will be required to
delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our research or development programs or our commercialization efforts. We also may be required to relinquish greater or all rights to product candidates at an earlier stage of development or on
less favorable terms than we would 25 Table of Contents otherwise choose. Additional funding, if obtained, may significantly dilute existing stockholders and could negatively impact the price of our stock. If we do not obtain regulatory approval from foreign jurisdictions, we will not be able to market our products in those jurisdictions which will
limit our commercial revenues. In order to market our products in foreign jurisdictions, we must obtain foreign
regulatory approval in each of those jurisdictions. Approval by the FDA does not ensure that foreign jurisdictions will also approve our products for commercial distribution. The regulations in foreign jurisdictions vary. We will be required to
comply with different regulations and policies of the jurisdictions where we seek approval for our product candidates, and we have not yet identified all of the requirements that we will need to satisfy to submit NUPLAZID for approval in foreign
jurisdictions. This will require additional time, expertise and expense, including the potential need to conduct additional studies or development work beyond that required to obtain regulatory approval in the United States. Furthermore, we may not
be able to obtain approval for foreign sales. This will restrict our ability to market our products and would limit their commercial potential and value, including that of NUPLAZID. The pivotal Phase III study with NUPLAZID for PDP, the results of which were announced in November 2012, was our first successful pivotal Phase III trial and there is no guarantee that future
studies with pimavanserin will be successful. The historical rate of failures for product candidates in clinical
development is extremely high. In November 2012, we announced results from our successful pivotal -020 Phase III trial with NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP. Following our April 2013 meeting with the FDA, we conducted customary supportive studies,
such as drug-drug interaction studies and CMC development that are needed prior to filing an NDA. Even though we successfully completed the -020 Study, those results are not predictive of results of the supportive studies and CMC development needed
for FDA review of an NDA submission or of any post-approval studies that we may undertake. We believe that pimavanserin also may have utility in indications other than PDP, such as Alzheimer’s disease psychosis, or ADP, and schizophrenia.
However, prior to the first efficacy study that we commenced in late 2013, we had never tested pimavanserin in clinical studies for ADP and we have only conducted a Phase II trial for pimavanserin as a co-therapy treatment in schizophrenia. There is
no guarantee that we will have the same level of success with pimavanserin in other indications that we had with the -020 Study or that we will be successful at all in future studies for additional indications or that future results of studies of
NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP will be consistent with those from the -020 Study. If we do not successfully complete
development of NUPLAZID, we will be unable to market and sell NUPLAZID or products derived from it, or to generate related product revenues. We do not have a partner for the development of our lead product candidate, pimavanserin, and are solely responsible for the advancement of this
program and, if approved for marketing, commercialization of the product. We have full responsibility for the
pimavanserin program throughout the world. We expect our research and development costs for continued development of pimavanserin to be substantial. While we currently are undertaking the ongoing development work for pimavanserin, including
preparations for FDA review of NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP and clinical trials of pimavanserin for other indications, in the future we would need to add resources and raise additional funds in order to take this product candidate to market and
to conduct the necessary sales and marketing activities, and to conduct further development activities, if we do not secure a partner. Following any potential approval by the FDA, our current strategy is to commercialize NUPLAZID for PDP in the
United States by establishing a specialty sales force focused primarily on neurologists and a small group of psychiatrists and long-term care physicians who are high prescribers of antipsychotics for PDP patients. In addition, if we commercialize
NUPLAZID in select markets outside of the United States, we will more than likely need to establish one or more strategic alliances in the future for that 26 Table of Contents purpose. Without future collaboration partners in the United States and abroad, we might not be able to realize the full value of NUPLAZID. Our most advanced product candidates are in development, which is a long, expensive and unpredictable process, and there is a high risk of failure. Preclinical testing and clinical trials are long, expensive and unpredictable processes that can be subject to delays.
It may take several years to complete the preclinical testing and clinical development necessary to commercialize a drug, and delays or failure can occur at any stage. Interim results of clinical trials do not necessarily predict final results, and
success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical
trials even after promising results in earlier trials. Our drug development programs are at various stages of development and
the historical rate of failures for product candidates is extremely high. In fact, we ended Phase I testing of AM-831 in 2012 and had previously had an unsuccessful Phase III trial with our most advanced product candidate, NUPLAZID. Following the
reporting of successful results from the Phase III -020 Study with NUPLAZID in November 2012 and our meeting with the FDA in April 2013, we are completing preparations needed to support FDA review of NUPLAZID prior to our planned submission of an
NDA for NUPLAZID for PDP in the first quarter of 2015. An unfavorable outcome in any of the foregoing development efforts for NUPLAZID would be a major set-back for the program and for us, generally. In particular, an unfavorable outcome in our
NUPLAZID program may require us to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate this program and could have a material adverse effect on us and the value of our common stock. In addition to our PDP program, we commenced a Phase II study with
pimavanserin for patients with ADP in November 2013 and we are planning additional studies in other indications, including schizophrenia. We also have clinical programs in collaboration with Allergan for the treatment of chronic pain and glaucoma,
which have reached Phase II and Phase I development, respectively. In connection with clinical trials, we face risks that: • a product candidate may not prove to be efficacious; • patients may die or suffer other adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to the product candidate being tested; • the results may not be consistent with positive results of earlier trials; and • the results may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or other regulatory agencies. If we do not successfully complete preclinical and clinical development, we will be unable to market and sell products derived from our
product candidates and to generate product revenues. Even if we do successfully complete clinical trials, those results are not necessarily predictive of results of additional trials that may be needed before an NDA may be submitted to the FDA. Of
the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage result in the submission of an NDA to the FDA and even fewer are approved for commercialization. Delays, suspensions and terminations in our clinical trials could result in increased costs to us and delay our ability to generate product revenues. The commencement of clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including delays in: • demonstrating sufficient safety and efficacy to obtain regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial; • reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations and clinical trial sites; • manufacturing sufficient quantities of a product candidate; 27 Table of Contents • obtaining clearance from the FDA to commence clinical trials pursuant to an Investigational New Drug application; • obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective clinical trial site; and • patient enrollment, which is a function of many factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the protocol, the proximity of
patients to clinical trial sites, the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease and the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial. Once a clinical trial has begun, it may be delayed, suspended or terminated due to a number of factors, including: • ongoing discussions with regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials or requests by them for supplemental information
with respect to our clinical trial results; • imposition of clinical holds by regulatory authorities or institutional review boards; • failure to conduct clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements; • lower than anticipated screening or retention rates of patients in clinical trials; • serious adverse events or side effects experienced by participants; and • insufficient supply or deficient quality of product candidates or other materials necessary for the conduct of our clinical trials. Many of these factors may also ultimately lead to denial of regulatory approval of a current or potential
product candidate. If we experience delays, suspensions or terminations in a clinical trial, the commercial prospects for the related product candidate will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. We depend on collaborations with third parties to develop and commercialize selected product candidates other than pimavanserin, and we have
limited control over how those third parties conduct development and commercialization activities for such product candidates. One aspect of our strategy is to selectively enter into collaboration agreements with third parties. We currently rely, and will continue to rely, on our collaborators for financial resources and for
development, regulatory, and commercialization expertise for selected product candidates, other than pimavanserin, and we have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that our collaborators may devote to our product candidates. We
may choose to rely on collaborations in the future for certain portions of our pimavanserin program or for the commercialization of NUPLAZID in certain territories outside of the United States. Our 2003 research agreement with Allergan ended in
March 2013, and additional payments from our two ongoing agreements with Allergan, other than payments for a portion of patent costs for these collaborations, are dependent upon further advancement of our applicable product candidates. Unless these
milestones are met, we will not receive significant future revenues from our current collaborations with Allergan. Our
collaborators may fail to develop or effectively commercialize products using our product candidates or technologies because they: • do not have sufficient resources or decide not to devote the necessary resources due to internal constraints such as limited cash or human resources or
a change in strategic focus; • decide to pursue a competitive product developed outside of the collaboration; or • cannot obtain the necessary regulatory approvals. In July 2014, Allergan announced that it would be reducing its worldwide headcount by approximately 13% and that it would be restructuring its operations. In November 2014, Allergan announced that it
entered into 28 Table of Contents an agreement with Actavis plc under which Actavis will acquire Allergan. Allergan has also previously announced that it is seeking a partner for further development and commercialization of drug
candidates in our chronic pain program. In connection with Actavis’ acquisition of Allergan, or Allergan’s planned restructuring, substantially less resources could be devoted to the programs covered by our collaborations with Allergan or
such programs could be discontinued entirely. If Allergan is unable to successfully partner our chronic pain program, it may elect to not pursue further development. In addition, any partner that Allergan does identify may devote substantially less
resources than Allergan has devoted to our programs to date. In addition, Allergan can terminate our existing collaborations upon prior notice to us. Allergan may be more likely to terminate, or decline to continue, some or all of our existing
collaborations in connection with Actavis’ acquisition of Allergan or Allergan’s planned restructuring. If Allergan
elects to devote substantially less resources to the programs covered by our collaborations, absent circumstances giving rise to our right to terminate, our remedies against Allergan are limited, and we may not be able to regain rights to such
programs. If Allergan elects to discontinue one or more of our programs and terminate our collaboration agreements, the discontinued programs may revert to us, in which case we would need to evaluate whether to continue advancing such programs alone
or with a new collaborator. Either advancing such programs alone or seeking a new collaborator would divert our management’s attention and involve expending additional resources that are currently devoted to our other programs, including our
pimavanserin program. We also face competition in our search for new collaborators, if we seek a new partner for our
pimavanserin program or other programs, including any programs that may revert to us from Allergan. Given the current economic environment, it is possible that competition for new collaborators may increase. If we are unable to find new
collaborations, we may not be able to continue advancing our programs alone. If conflicts arise with our collaborators, they may act in
their self-interests, which may be adverse to our interests. Conflicts may arise in our collaborations due to one or
more of the following: • disputes or breaches with respect to payments that we believe are due under the applicable agreements, particularly in the current economic environment
when companies, including large established ones, may be seeking to reduce external payments; • disputes on strategy as to what development or commercialization activities should be pursued under the applicable agreements; • disputes as to the responsibility for conducting development and commercialization activities pursuant to the applicable collaboration, including the
payment of costs related thereto; • disagreements with respect to ownership of intellectual property rights; • unwillingness on the part of a collaborator to keep us informed regarding the progress of its development and commercialization activities, or to
permit public disclosure of these activities; • delay or reduction of a collaborator’s development or commercialization efforts with respect to our product candidates; or • termination or non-renewal of the collaboration. Conflicts arising with our collaborators could impair the progress of our product candidates, harm our reputation, result in a loss of revenues, reduce our cash position, and cause a decline in our stock
price. In addition, in our collaborations, we generally have agreed not to conduct independently, or with any third party,
any research that is directly competitive with the research conducted under the applicable program. Our collaborations may have the effect of limiting the areas of research that we may pursue, either alone or with others. Our collaborators, however,
may develop, either alone or with others, products in related fields that are 29 Table of Contents competitive with the products or potential products that are the subject of these collaborations. Competing products, either developed by our collaborators or to which our collaborators have
rights, may result in the allocation of resources by our collaborators to competing products and their withdrawal of support for our product candidates or may otherwise result in lower demand for our potential products. We have collaborations with Allergan for the development of product candidates related to chronic pain and ophthalmic diseases, including
glaucoma. Allergan currently markets therapeutic products to treat glaucoma and is engaged in other research programs related to glaucoma and other ophthalmic products that are independent from our development program in this therapeutic area.
Allergan may also pursue other research programs related to pain management that are independent from our collaboration in this therapeutic area. In November 2014, Allergan announced that it entered into an agreement with Actavis under which
Actavis will acquire Allergan. Actavis may have, or acquire rights to, additional programs related to chronic pain or ophthalmic diseases, including glaucoma, which could impact Allergan’s strategy with respect to the development of product
candidates covered by our collaborations. We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials and perform data collection and
analysis, which may result in costs and delays that prevent us from successfully commercializing product candidates. Although we design and manage our current preclinical studies and clinical trials, we currently do not have the ability to conduct
clinical trials for our product candidates on our own. In addition to our collaborators, we rely on contract research organizations, medical institutions, clinical investigators, and contract laboratories to perform data collection and analysis and
other aspects of our clinical trials. In addition, we also rely on third parties to assist with our preclinical studies, including studies regarding biological activity, safety, absorption, metabolism, and excretion of product candidates. Our preclinical activities or clinical trials may be delayed, suspended, or terminated if: • these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or fail to meet regulatory obligations or expected deadlines; • these third parties need to be replaced; or • the quality or accuracy of the data obtained by these third parties is compromised due to their failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or
regulatory requirements or for other reasons. Failure to perform by these third parties may increase our
development costs, delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval, and delay or prevent the commercialization of our product candidates. We currently use several contract research organizations to perform services for our preclinical studies and
clinical trials. While we believe that there are numerous alternative sources to provide these services, in the event that we seek such alternative sources, we may not be able to enter into replacement arrangements without delays or additional
expenditures. Even if we or our collaborators successfully complete the clinical trials of product candidates, the product candidates
may fail for other reasons. Of the large number of product candidates in development, only a small percentage result
in the submission of an NDA to the FDA or comparable regulatory filing to regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions, and even fewer are approved for marketing. Even if we or our collaborators successfully complete the clinical trials of product
candidates, the product candidates, such as pimavanserin, may fail for other reasons, including the possibility that the product candidates will: • fail to receive the regulatory clearances required to market them as drugs; • be subject to proprietary rights held by others requiring the negotiation of a license agreement prior to marketing; • be difficult or expensive to manufacture on a commercial scale; 30 Table of Contents • have adverse side effects that make their use less desirable; or • fail to compete with product candidates or other treatments commercialized by competitors. We currently depend, and will in the future continue to depend, on third parties to manufacture NUPLAZID and our other product candidates. If these
manufacturers fail to provide us and our collaborators with adequate supplies of clinical trial materials and commercial product or fail to comply with the requirements of regulatory authorities, we may be unable to develop or commercialize NUPLAZID
or our other product candidates. We have no manufacturing facilities and only limited experience as an organization in
the manufacturing of drugs or in designing drug-manufacturing processes. We have contracted with third-party manufacturers to produce, in collaboration with us, our product candidates, including NUPLAZID, for clinical trials. If any of our product
candidates, including NUPLAZID, are approved by the FDA or other regulatory agencies for commercial sale, we will need to contract with a third party to manufacture them in larger quantities. We have not yet entered into long-term agreements with our current third-party manufacturers or with any alternate suppliers. Although we
intend to do so prior to any commercial launch of NUPLAZID, if approved by the FDA, in order to ensure that we maintain adequate supplies of commercial drug product, we may be unable to enter into such agreements or do so on commercially reasonable
terms, which could delay a product launch or subject our commercialization efforts to significant supply risk. Even if we are able to enter into long-term agreements with manufacturers for commercial supply on reasonable terms, we may be unable to
do so with sufficient time prior to launch of NUPLAZID, which would expose us to substantial supply risk and potentially jeopardize our launch. The manufacturers of our product candidates are obliged to operate in accordance with FDA-mandated current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and we have no control over the ability of third-party
manufacturers to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel to ensure compliance with cGMPs. In addition, the facilities used by our third-party manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be approved
by the FDA pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we request regulatory approval from the FDA. If any of our third-party manufacturers are unable to successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the
FDA’s strict regulatory requirements, or pass regulatory inspection, they will not be able to secure or maintain approval for the manufacturing facilities. Additionally, a failure by any of our third-party manufacturers to establish and follow
cGMPs or to document their adherence to such practices may lead to significant delays in clinical trials or in obtaining regulatory approval of product candidates, including NUPLAZID, or the ultimate launch of NUPLAZID or any other products based on
our product candidates. Failure by our third-party manufacturers or us to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure of the government to grant pre-market
approval of drugs, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, seizures or recalls of products, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecutions. Even if we successfully enter into long-term agreements with manufacturers, the FDA may not approve the facilities of such manufacturers, the manufacturers may not perform as agreed, or the manufacturers
may terminate their agreements with us. Presently, we only have one supplier for our active pharmaceutical ingredient and one supplier of tablets for our NUPLAZID (pimavanserin) program. If any of the foregoing circumstances occur, we may need to
find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market NUPLAZID or any of our other product candidates. While we believe that there will be alternative sources
available to manufacture our product candidates, including NUPLAZID, in the event that we seek such alternative sources, we may not be able to enter into replacement arrangements without delays or additional expenditures. We cannot estimate these
delays or costs with certainty but, if they were to occur, they could cause a delay in our development and commercialization efforts. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of
pharmaceutical 31 Table of Contents products often encounter difficulties in production, particularly in scaling up and validating initial production. These problems include difficulties with production costs and yields, quality
control, including stability of the product, quality assurance testing, shortages of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly-enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. We cannot assure you that any issues relating to the
manufacture of any of our product candidates, including NUPLAZID, will not occur in the future. Additionally, our manufacturers may experience manufacturing difficulties due to resource constraints or as a result of labor disputes or unstable
political environments. If our manufacturers were to encounter any of these difficulties, or otherwise fail to comply with their contractual obligations, our ability to commercialize NUPLAZID in the United States, or provide any product candidates
to patients in clinical trials, would be jeopardized. Any delay or interruption in our ability to meet commercial demand for our products will result in the loss of potential revenues and could adversely affect our ability to gain market acceptance
for these products. In addition, any delay or interruption in the supply of clinical trial supplies could delay the completion of clinical trials, increase the costs associated with maintaining clinical trial programs and, depending upon the period
of delay, require us to commence new clinical trials at additional expense or terminate clinical trials completely. Failures
or difficulties faced at any level of our supply chain could materially adversely affect our business and delay or impede the development and commercialization of any of our products or product candidates and could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. If we are unable to attract, retain, and motivate key
management, research and development, and sales and marketing personnel, our drug development programs, our research and discovery efforts, and our commercialization plans may be delayed and we may be unable to successfully develop or commercialize
our product candidates, including NUPLAZID. Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly
qualified management, scientific, and commercial personnel. In particular, our development programs depend on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled development personnel, especially in the fields of central nervous system disorders,
including neuropsychiatric and related disorders. In the future, we expect to need to hire additional personnel as we expand our research and development efforts and commercial activities for pimavanserin from our current levels. We face competition
for experienced scientists, clinical operations personnel, commercial and other personnel from numerous companies and academic and other research institutions. Competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the San Diego, California
area. Many of the other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies with whom we compete for qualified personnel have greater financial and other resources, different risk profiles and longer histories in the industry than we do. They also may
provide more diverse opportunities and better chances for career advancement. Some of these characteristics may be more appealing to high quality candidates than that which we have to offer. If we are unable to continue to attract and retain high
quality personnel, the rate and success at which we can develop and commercialize products and product candidates will be limited. If we are unable to attract and retain the necessary personnel, it will significantly impede the achievement of our
research and development objectives, our commercialization efforts for NUPLAZID, and our ability to meet the demands of our collaborators in a timely fashion. All of our employees are “at will” employees, which means that any employee may quit at any time and we may terminate any employee at any time. We do not carry “key person” insurance
covering members of senior management. We have recently increased the size of our organization, and will need to continue to increase
the size of our organization. We may encounter difficulties with managing our growth, which could adversely affect our results of operations. As of December 31, 2014, we employed 97 full-time employees. As we advance our program towards submitting an NDA for NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP, we already have added several capabilities.
However, we will need to add qualified personnel and resources if the NDA for NUPLAZID is approved for marketing and we establish a commercial sales force. Our current infrastructure will be inadequate to support 32 Table of Contents these future efforts and expected growth. In particular, we will have to develop internal sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities if we decide to market any drug that we may successfully
develop, including NUPLAZID. Future growth will impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit, maintain and integrate additional employees, and may take time away from running other
aspects of our business, including development and commercialization of our product candidates. Our future financial
performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively. In particular, as our commercialization plans and strategies develop, we
will need to recruit and train a substantial number of sales and marketing personnel and expect to need to expand the size of our employee base for managerial, operational, financial and other resources. To that end, we must be able to: • manage our development efforts effectively; • integrate additional management, administrative and manufacturing personnel; • build a marketing and sales organization; and • maintain sufficient administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls. We may not be able to accomplish these tasks or successfully manage our operations and, accordingly, may not achieve our research,
development, and commercialization goals. Our failure to accomplish any of these goals could harm our financial results and prospects. If we fail to develop, acquire or in-license other product candidates or products, our business and prospects would be limited. Even if we obtain
rights to other product candidates or products, we will incur a variety of costs and may never realize the anticipated benefits. A key element of our strategy is to develop, acquire or in-license businesses, technologies, product candidates or products that we believe are a strategic fit with our business. The success of this
strategy depends in large part on the combination of our regulatory, development and commercial capabilities and expertise and our ability to identify, select and acquire or in-license clinically-enabled product candidates for the treatment of
neurological disorders, or for therapeutic indications that complement or augment our current product candidates, or that otherwise fit into our development or strategic plans on terms that are acceptable to us. Identifying, selecting and acquiring
or in-licensing promising product candidates requires substantial technical, financial and human resources expertise, and we have limited experience in identifying acquisition targets, successfully completing proposed acquisitions and integrating
any acquired businesses, technologies, services or products into our current infrastructure. Efforts to do so may not result in the actual acquisition or in-license of a particular product candidate, potentially resulting in a diversion of our
management’s time and the expenditure of our resources with no resulting benefit. If we are unable to identify, select and acquire or license suitable product candidates from third parties on terms acceptable to us, our business and prospects
will be limited. In particular, if NUPLAZID is approved for marketing and we are unable to add additional commercial products to our portfolio, we may not be able to successfully leverage our commercial organization. The process of integrating any acquired business, technology, service, or product may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and
expenditures and may divert significant management attention from our ongoing business operations. As a result, we will incur a variety of costs in connection with an acquisition and may never realize its anticipated benefits. Moreover, any product
candidate we identify, select and acquire or license may require additional, time-consuming development or regulatory efforts prior to commercial sale, including preclinical studies, if applicable, and extensive clinical testing and approval by the
FDA and applicable foreign regulatory authorities. All product candidates are prone to the risk of failure that is inherent in pharmaceutical product development, including the possibility that the product candidate will not be shown to be
sufficiently safe and/or effective for approval by regulatory authorities. In addition, we cannot assure you that any such products that are approved will be manufactured or produced economically, successfully commercialized or 33 Table of Contents widely accepted in the marketplace or be more effective or desired than other commercially available alternatives. In addition, if we fail to successfully commercialize and further develop NUPLAZID or our other product candidates, there is a greater likelihood that we will fail to successfully develop a pipeline of
other product candidates, and our business and prospects would therefore be harmed. We do not know whether our drug discovery platform
will lead to the discovery or development of commercially viable product candidates. Our drug discovery platform uses
unproven methods to identify and develop product candidates, including NUPLAZID. We have never successfully completed clinical development of any of our product candidates, and there are no drugs on the market that have been discovered using our
drug discovery platform. Our research and development focuses on small molecule drugs for the treatment of central nervous
system disorders. Due to our limited resources, we may have to forego potential opportunities with respect to discovering product candidates to treat diseases or conditions in other therapeutic areas. If we are not able to use our technologies to
discover and develop product candidates that can be commercialized, we may not achieve profitability. In the future, as noted above, we will likely find it necessary to license the technology of others or acquire additional product candidates to
augment the results of our internal discovery activities. If we are unable to identify new product candidates using our drug discovery platform, we may be unable to establish or maintain a clinical development pipeline or generate product revenues. We may not be able to continue or fully exploit our collaborations with outside scientific and clinical advisors, which could impair
the progress of our clinical trials and our research and development efforts. We work with scientific and clinical
advisors at academic and other institutions who are experts in the field of central nervous system disorders. They assist us in our research and development efforts and advise us with respect to our clinical trials. These advisors are not our
employees and may have other commitments that would limit their future availability to us. Although our scientific and clinical advisors generally agree not to engage in competing work, if a conflict of interest arises between their work for us and
their work for another entity, we may lose their services, which may impair our reputation in the industry and delay the development or commercialization of our product candidates. We expect that our results of operations will fluctuate, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance from period to period. Our operating results have fluctuated in the past and are likely to do so in future periods. Some of the factors that could cause our
operating results to fluctuate from period to period include: • whether and when we obtain FDA approval of NUPLAZID for the treatment of PDP; • the success of our launch and commercialization of NUPLAZID, if approved, in the United States for the treatment of PDP; • the status of development and commercialization of pimavanserin for indications other than PDP and in jurisdictions other than the United States; • the status of development and commercialization of our other product candidates, including compounds being developed under our collaborations; • whether we acquire or in-license additional product candidates or products, and the status of development and commercialization of such product
candidates or products; • whether we generate revenues or reimbursements by achieving specified research, development or commercialization milestones under any agreements or
otherwise receive potential payments under these agreements; 34 Table of Contents • whether we are required to make payments due to achieving specified milestones under any licensing or similar agreements or otherwise make payments
under these agreements; • the incurrence of preclinical or clinical expenses that could fluctuate significantly from period to period, including reimbursement obligations
pursuant to our collaboration agreements; • the initiation, termination, or reduction in the scope of our collaborations or any disputes regarding these collaborations; • the timing of our satisfaction of applicable regulatory requirements; • the rate of expansion of our clinical development, other internal research and development efforts, and pre-commercial and commercial efforts; • the effect of competing technologies and products and market developments; • the costs associated with litigation; and • general and industry-specific economic conditions. We believe that comparisons from period to period of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as indications of our future performance. Our management has broad discretion over the use of our cash and we may not use our cash effectively, which could adversely affect our results of
operations. Our management has significant flexibility in applying our cash resources and could use these resources
for corporate purposes that do not increase our market value, or in ways with which our stockholders may not agree. We may use our cash resources for corporate purposes that do not yield a significant return or any return at all for our
stockholders, which may cause our stock price to decline. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant costs as a
result of laws and regulations relating to corporate governance and other matters. Laws and regulations affecting
public companies, including provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act that was enacted in July 2010, the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or SOX, and rules adopted or proposed by the SEC and by The
NASDAQ Stock Market, have resulted in, and will continue to result in, significant costs to us as we evaluate the implications of these rules and respond to their requirements. We issued an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404 of SOX with our Annual Report. In the future, if we are not able to issue an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting as required or we or our independent registered public accounting firm determine that our
internal control over financial reporting is not effective, this shortcoming could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results and the price of our common stock could be negatively affected. New rules could make it more difficult or
more costly for us to obtain certain types of insurance, including director and officer liability insurance, and we may be forced to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the coverage that is the
same or similar to our current coverage. The impact of these events could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors and board committees, and as our executive officers. We cannot
predict or estimate the total amount of the costs we may incur or the timing of such costs to comply with these rules and regulations. We will need to obtain final FDA approval of our proposed product name for pimavanserin, NUPLAZID, and the failure or any delay in receiving this
approval may adversely impact the timing and success of our sales and marketing efforts. The FDA will need to provide
final approval of the NUPLAZID product name regardless of our trademark registration from the United States Patent and Trademark Office. Typically, the FDA conducts an extensive review of proposed product names, including an evaluation for possible
confusion with other existing product 35 Table of Contents names. If the FDA does not approve the name NUPLAZID, we will need to adopt an alternative name. As a result, we would lose the benefit of any existing trademark applications and may need to
spend significant resources in an effort to select another product name that will meet FDA approval, qualify under existing trademark laws and not infringe on the existing rights of third parties. In addition, we will need to develop brand loyalty
for any product name in order to commercialize pimavanserin effectively. If we fail to do this, it could negatively impact our future revenues from sales of pimavanserin. Earthquake or fire damage to our facilities could delay our research and development efforts and adversely affect our business. Our headquarters and research and development facilities in San Diego are located in a seismic zone, and there is the possibility of an
earthquake, which could be disruptive to our operations and result in delays in our research and development efforts. In addition, while our facilities have not been adversely impacted by local wildfires, there is the possibility of future fires in
the area. In the event of an earthquake or fire, if our facilities or the equipment in our facilities is significantly damaged or destroyed for any reason, we may not be able to rebuild or relocate our facilities or replace any damaged
equipment in a timely manner and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. We do not have insurance for damages resulting from earthquakes. While we do have fire insurance for our
property and equipment located in San Diego, any damage sustained in a fire could cause a delay in our research and development efforts and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property Our ability to compete may decline if we do not adequately protect our proprietary rights. Our commercial success depends on obtaining and maintaining intellectual property rights to our product candidates, including NUPLAZID, and technologies, as well as successfully defending these rights
against third-party challenges. Any misappropriation of our intellectual property could enable competitors to quickly duplicate or surpass our technological achievements, thus eroding our competitive position in our market. To protect our
intellectual property, we rely on a combination of patents, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements. With
regard to patents, although we have filed numerous patent applications worldwide with respect to pimavanserin, not all of our patent applications resulted in an issued patent, or they resulted in an issued patent that is susceptible to challenge by
a third party. Our ability to obtain, maintain, and/or defend our patents covering our product candidates and technologies is uncertain due to a number of factors, including: • we may not have been the first to make the inventions covered by our pending patent applications or issued patents; • we may not have been the first to file patent applications for our product candidates or the technologies we rely upon; • others may develop similar or alternative technologies or design around our patent claims to produce competitive products that fall outside of the
scope of our patents; • our disclosures in patent applications may not be sufficient to meet the statutory requirements for patentability; • we may not seek or obtain patent protection in all countries that will eventually provide a significant business opportunity; • any patents issued to us or our collaborators may not provide a basis for commercially viable products, may not provide us with any competitive
advantages, or are easily susceptible to challenges by third parties; • our proprietary technologies may not be patentable; 36 Table of Contents • changes to patent laws that limit the exclusivity rights of patent holders or make it easier to render a patent invalid; • recent decisions by the United States Supreme Court limiting patent-eligible subject matter; • the passage of the America Invents Act (2012) introduced new procedures for challenging pending patent applications and issued patents; and • technology that we may in-license may become important to some aspects of our business, however, we generally would not control the patent prosecution,
maintenance or enforcement of any such in-licensed technology. Even if we have or obtain patents covering
our product candidates or technologies, we may still be barred from making, using and selling our product candidates or technologies because of the patent rights of others. Others have or may have filed, and in the future are likely to file, patent
applications covering compounds, assays, genes, gene products or therapeutic products that are similar or identical to ours. There are many issued U.S. and foreign patents relating to genes, nucleic acids, polypeptides, chemical compounds or
therapeutic products, and some of these may encompass reagents utilized in the identification of candidate drug compounds or compounds that we desire to commercialize. Numerous U.S. and foreign issued patents and pending patent applications owned by
others exist in the area of central nervous system disorders and the other fields in which we are developing products. These could materially affect our freedom to operate. Moreover, because patent applications can take many years to issue, there
may be currently pending applications, unknown to us, that may later result in issued patents that our product candidates or technologies may infringe. These patent applications may have priority over patent applications filed by us. We regularly conduct searches to identify patents or patent applications that may prevent us from obtaining patent protection for our
proprietary compounds or that could limit the rights we have claimed in our patents and patent applications. Disputes may arise regarding the ownership or inventorship of our inventions. For applications in which all claims are entitled to a
priority date before March 16, 2013, an interference proceeding can be provoked by a third-party or instituted by the United States Patent and Trademark Office, or United States PTO, to determine who was the first to invent the invention at
issue. It is difficult to determine how such disputes would be resolved. Applications containing a claim not entitled to priority before March 16, 2013, are not subject to interference proceedings due the change brought by the America Invents
Act (2012) to a “first to file” system. However, a derivation proceeding can be brought by a third-party alleging that the inventor derived the invention from another. Periodic maintenance fees on any issued patent are due to be paid to the United States PTO and foreign patent agencies in several stages
over the lifetime of the patent. The United States PTO and various foreign governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process.
While an inadvertent lapse can in many cases be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules, there are situations in which noncompliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent
application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. Non-compliance events that could result in abandonment or lapse of a patent or patent application include, but are not limited to, failure to respond
to official actions within prescribed time limits, non-payment of fees and failure to properly legalize and submit formal documents. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on
our business. Some of our academic institutional licensors, research collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to
publish data and information to which we have rights. We generally seek to prevent our collaborators from disclosing scientific discoveries until we have the opportunity to file patent applications on such discoveries, but in some cases, we are
limited to relatively short periods to review a proposed publication and file a patent application. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our technology and other confidential information in 37 Table of Contents connection with our collaborations, then our ability to receive patent protection or protect our proprietary information will be impaired. Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of our trade secrets and other proprietary information
and may not adequately protect our intellectual property, which could limit our ability to compete. Because we operate
in the highly technical field of drug discovery and development of small molecule drugs, we rely in part on trade secret protection in order to protect our proprietary technology and processes. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. We
enter into confidentiality and intellectual property assignment agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators, sponsored researchers, and other advisors. These agreements generally require that the
other party keep confidential and not disclose to third parties all confidential information developed by the party or made known to the party by us during the course of the party’s relationship with us. These agreements also generally provide
that inventions conceived by the party in the course of rendering services to us will be our exclusive property. However, these agreements may not be honored and may not effectively assign intellectual property rights to us. Enforcing a claim that a
party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is difficult, expensive and time consuming and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets. We also have not entered
into any noncompete agreements with any of our employees. Although each of our employees is required to sign a confidentiality agreement with us at the time of hire, we cannot guarantee that the confidential nature of our proprietary information
will be maintained in the course of future employment with any of our competitors. If we are unable to prevent unauthorized material disclosure of our intellectual property to third parties, we will not be able to establish or maintain a competitive
advantage in our market, which could materially adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. A dispute
concerning the infringement or misappropriation of our proprietary rights or the proprietary rights of others could be time-consuming and costly, and an unfavorable outcome could harm our business. There is a substantial amount of litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industries, as well as administrative proceedings for challenging patents, including post-issuance review proceedings before the United States PTO or oppositions and other comparable proceedings in foreign jurisdictions. Post-issuance
proceedings in the United States PTO, including without limitation inter partes review and post-grant review, allow third parties to challenge the validity of an issued patent in front of the United States PTO Patent Trial and Appeal Board as
opposed to a federal district court. With few limitations, any third party can petition the United States PTO for inter partes review at any time for any issued patent based on prior art patents or printed publications. If it is within nine months
of the issuance of the challenged patent, a third party can petition the United States PTO for post-grant review, which can be based on any invalidity grounds and is not limited to prior art patents or printed publications. In post-issuance proceedings, United States PTO rules and regulations generally tend to favor patent challengers over patent owners. For
example, unlike in district court litigation, claims challenged in post-issuance proceedings are given their broadest reasonable meaning, which increases the chance a claim might be invalidated by prior art or lack support in the patent
specification. And, unlike in district court litigation, there is no presumption of validity for an issued patent. As a result of these rules and others, statistics released by the United States PTO show a high percentage of claims being invalidated
in post-issuance proceedings. Moreover, with few exceptions, there is no standing requirement to petition the United States PTO for inter partes review or post-grant review. In other words, companies that have not been charged with infringement or
that lack commercial interest in the patented subject matter can still petition the United States PTO for review of an issued patent. Thus, even where we have issued patents, our rights under those patents may be challenged and ultimately not
provide us with sufficient protection against competitive products or processes. While we are not currently subject to any
pending intellectual property litigation or patent challenges, and are not aware of any such threatened litigation or patent challenges, we may be exposed to future litigation by 38 Table of Contents third parties based on claims that our product candidates, technologies or activities infringe the intellectual property rights of others. In particular, there are many patents relating to
specific genes, nucleic acids, polypeptides or the uses thereof to identify product candidates. Some of these may encompass genes or polypeptides that we utilize in our drug development activities. If our drug development activities are found to
infringe any such patents, and such patents are held to be valid and enforceable, we may have to pay significant damages or seek licenses to such patents. A patentee could prevent us from using the patented genes or polypeptides for the
identification or development of drug compounds. There are also many patents relating to chemical compounds and the uses thereof. If our compounds are found to infringe any such patents, and such patents are held to be valid and enforceable, we may
have to pay significant damages or seek licenses to such patents. A patentee could prevent us from making, using or selling the patented compounds. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce a patent issued to us, protect our trade secrets or determine the scope and validity of third-party proprietary rights. From time to time, we may hire
scientific personnel formerly employed by other companies involved in one or more areas similar to the activities conducted by us. Either we or these individuals may be subject to allegations of trade secret misappropriation or other similar claims
as a result of their prior affiliations. If we become involved in litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our managerial and financial resources, regardless of whether we win or lose. We may not be able to afford the costs of
litigation. Any legal action against us or our collaborators could lead to: • payment of damages, which could potentially be trebled if we are found to have willfully infringed a party’s patent rights; • injunctive or other equitable relief that may effectively block our ability to further develop, commercialize, and sell products; or • we or our collaborators having to enter into license arrangements that may not be available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. As a result, we could be prevented from commercializing current or future products. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of pre-trial document and witness discovery required in connection with intellectual
property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the
results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock. The patent applications of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies involve highly complex legal and factual questions, which, if determined
adversely to us, could negatively impact our patent position. The strength of patents in the pharmaceutical and
biotechnology field can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. For example, some of our patent applications may cover the uses of gene sequences. The patentability of gene sequences and the use of gene sequences has
been seriously undermined by recent decisions of the United States Supreme Court. The United States PTO’s interpretation of the Supreme Court’s decisions and the standards for patentability it sets forth are uncertain and could change in
the future. Consequently, the issuance and scope of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. U.S. patents and patent applications may also be subject to interference proceedings
as mentioned above, and U.S. patents may be subject to reexamination and post-issuance proceedings in the United States PTO (and foreign patents may be subject to opposition or comparable proceedings in the corresponding foreign patent office),
which proceedings could result in either loss of the patent or denial of the patent application or loss or reduction in the scope of one or more of the claims of the patent or patent application. Similarly, opposition or invalidity proceedings could
result in loss of rights or reduction in the scope of one or more claims of a patent in foreign jurisdictions. In addition, such interference, 39 Table of Contents reexamination, post-issuance and opposition proceedings may be costly. Accordingly, rights under any issued patents may not provide us with sufficient protection against competitive products or
processes. In addition, changes in or different interpretations of patent laws in the United States and foreign countries may
permit others to use our discoveries or to develop and commercialize our technology and products without providing any compensation to us or may limit the number of patents or claims we can obtain. In particular, there have been proposals to shorten
the exclusivity periods available under U.S. patent law that, if adopted, could substantially harm our business. The product candidates that we are developing are protected by intellectual property rights, including patents and patent applications.
If any of our product candidates becomes a marketable product, we will rely on our exclusivity under patents to sell the compound and recoup our investments in the research and development of the compound. If the exclusivity period for patents is
shortened, then our ability to generate revenues without competition will be reduced and our business could be materially adversely impacted. The laws of some countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as U.S. laws and
those countries may lack adequate rules and procedures for defending our intellectual property rights. For example, some countries, including many in Europe, do not grant patent claims directed to methods of treating humans and, in these countries,
patent protection may not be available at all to protect our product candidates. In addition, U.S. patent laws may change which could prevent or limit us from filing patent applications or patent claims to protect our products and/or technologies or
limit the exclusivity periods that are available to patent holders. For example, the America Invents Act (2012) included a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law. These included changes to transition from a “first-to-invent”
system to a “first-to-file” system and to the way issued patents are challenged. These changes may favor larger and more established companies that have more resources to devote to patent application filing and prosecution. It is still not
clear what, if any, impact the America Invents Act will ultimately have on the cost of prosecuting our patent applications, our ability to obtain patents based on our discoveries and our ability to enforce or defend our issued patents. If we fail to obtain and maintain patent protection and trade secret protection of our product candidates, proprietary technologies and
their uses, we could lose our competitive advantage and competition we face would increase, reducing our potential revenues and adversely affecting our ability to attain or maintain profitability. Risks Related to Our Industry We
will be subject to stringent regulation in connection with the marketing of any products derived from our product candidates, including NUPLAZID, which could delay the development and commercialization of our products. The pharmaceutical industry is subject to stringent regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by
comparable authorities in other countries. Neither we nor our collaborators can market a pharmaceutical product, including NUPLAZID, in the United States until it has completed rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and an extensive
regulatory clearance process implemented by the FDA. Satisfaction of regulatory requirements typically takes many years, depends upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product, and requires substantial resources. Even if regulatory approval is
obtained, it may impose significant restrictions on the indicated uses, conditions for use, labeling, advertising, promotion, and/or marketing of such products, and requirements for post-approval studies, including additional research and
development and clinical trials. These limitations may limit the size of the market for the product or result in the incurrence of additional costs. Any delay or failure in obtaining required approvals could have a material adverse effect on our
ability to generate revenues from the particular product candidate. Outside the United States, the ability to market a
product is contingent upon receiving approval from the appropriate regulatory authorities. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, marketing authorization, pricing, and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. Only after
the appropriate regulatory authority is satisfied that adequate evidence of safety, quality, and efficacy has been presented will it grant a marketing authorization. Approval by the FDA does not automatically lead to the approval by regulatory 40 Table of Contents authorities outside the United States and, similarly, approval by regulatory authorities outside the United States will not automatically lead to FDA approval. In addition, U.S. and foreign government regulations control access to and use of some human or other tissue samples in our research and
development efforts. U.S. and foreign government agencies may also impose restrictions on the use of data derived from human or other tissue samples. Accordingly, if we fail to comply with these regulations and restrictions, the commercialization of
our product candidates may be delayed or suspended, which may delay or impede our ability to generate product revenues. If our
competitors develop and market products that are more effective than our product candidates, including NUPLAZID, they may reduce or eliminate our commercial opportunity. Competition in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries is intense and expected to increase. We face competition from
pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as numerous academic and research institutions and governmental agencies, both in the United States and abroad. Some of these competitors have products or are pursuing the development of drugs that
target the same diseases and conditions that are the focus of our drug development programs. For example, the use of NUPLAZID
for the treatment of PDP would compete with off-label use of antipsychotic drugs, including Seroquel, marketed by Astra-Zeneca PLC, and with the generic drug clozapine. Our potential products for the treatment of schizophrenia would compete with
Latuda, marketed by Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Inc., Zyprexa, marketed by Eli Lilly and Company, Risperdal, marketed by Johnson & Johnson, Abilify, marketed jointly by Bristol-Myers Squibb Company and Otsuka Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.,
Seroquel, and clozapine. Our potential product for the treatment of ADP would compete with Risperdal and with off-label use of antipsychotic drugs and drugs indicated for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease and dementia in patients with
Alzheimer’s disease, including Aricept, marketed by Eisai Inc. and Pfizer Inc., and Namenda, marketed by Forest Laboratories, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Actavis. In the area of chronic pain, potential products would compete with Lyrica,
marketed by Pfizer, and Cymbalta, marketed by Eli Lilly, as well as a variety of generic or proprietary opioids. Our potential products for the treatment of glaucoma would compete with Xalatan, marketed by Pfizer, and Lumigan and Alphagan, marketed
by Allergan. Many of our competitors and their collaborators have significantly greater experience than we do in the
following: • identifying and validating targets; • screening compounds against targets; • preclinical studies and clinical trials of potential pharmaceutical products; and • obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals. In addition, many of our competitors and their collaborators have substantially greater capital and research and development resources, manufacturing, sales and marketing capabilities, and production
facilities. Smaller companies also may prove to be significant competitors, particularly through proprietary research discoveries and collaboration arrangements with large pharmaceutical and established biotechnology companies. Many of our
competitors have products that have been approved or are in advanced development and may develop superior technologies or methods to identify and validate drug targets and to discover novel small molecule drugs. Our competitors, either alone or with
their collaborators, may succeed in developing drugs that are more effective, safer, more affordable, or more easily administered than ours and may achieve patent protection or commercialize drugs sooner than us. Our competitors may also develop
alternative therapies that could further limit the market for any drugs that we may develop. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business. 41 Table of Contents Any claims relating to improper handling, storage, or disposal of biological, hazardous, and
radioactive materials used in our business could be costly and delay our research and development efforts. Our
research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially harmful hazardous materials, including volatile solvents, biological materials such as blood from patients that has the potential to transmit disease, chemicals that cause
cancer, and various radioactive compounds. Our operations also produce hazardous waste products. We face the risk of contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials. We are subject to federal, state and local
laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials and specified waste products. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations could be significant, and current or future environmental regulations may
impair our research, development, or production efforts. If one of our employees were accidentally injured from the use, storage, handling, or disposal of these materials, the medical costs related to his or her treatment would be covered by our
workers’ compensation insurance policy. However, we do not carry specific biological or hazardous waste insurance coverage and our general liability insurance policy specifically excludes coverage for damages and fines arising from biological
or hazardous waste exposure or contamination. Accordingly, in the event of contamination or injury, we could be subject to criminal sanctions or fines or be held liable for damages, our operating licenses could be revoked, or we could be required to
suspend or modify our operations and our research and development efforts. Consumers may sue us for product liability, which could
result in substantial liabilities that exceed our available resources and damage our reputation. Researching,
developing, and commercializing drug products entails significant product liability risks. Liability claims may arise from our and our collaborators’ use of products in clinical trials and the commercial sale of those products. Consumers may
make these claims directly and our collaborators or others selling these products may seek contribution from us if they receive claims from consumers. Although we currently have product liability insurance that covers our clinical trials, we will
need to increase and expand this coverage if we commence larger scale trials and if our product candidates are approved for commercial sale. This insurance may be prohibitively expensive or may not fully cover our potential liabilities. Inability to
obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products that we or our collaborators develop. Product liability claims
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our liability could exceed our total assets if we do not prevail in a lawsuit from any injury caused by our drug products. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Our stock price historically has been, and is likely to remain, highly volatile. The market prices for securities of biotechnology companies in general, and drug discovery and development companies in particular, have
been highly volatile and may continue to be highly volatile in the future. The following factors, in addition to other risk factors described in this section, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: • the development status of our product candidates, including results of development and commercialization efforts in our pimavanserin development
program or our chronic pain or glaucoma collaborations; • the timing, or developments regarding the timing, of submission and review of filings for our product candidates, including NUPLAZID, for approval by
regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad and the results of any applications for marketing approval of product candidates; • any other communications or guidance from the FDA or other regulatory authorities that pertain to our product candidates, including NUPLAZID; • the initiation, termination, or reduction in the scope of our collaborations or any disputes or developments regarding our collaborations; 42 Table of Contents • market conditions or trends related to biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, or the market in general; • announcements of technological innovations, new products, or other material events by our competitors or us, including any new products that we may
acquire or in-license; • disputes or other developments concerning our proprietary and intellectual property rights; • changes in, or failure to meet, securities analysts’ or investors’ expectations of our financial performance; • our failure to meet applicable NASDAQ listing standards and the possible delisting of our common stock from the NASDAQ Stock Market; • additions or departures of key personnel; • discussions of our business, products, financial performance, prospects, or stock price by the financial and scientific press and online investor
communities such as blogs and chat rooms; • public concern as to, and legislative action with respect to, genetic testing or other research areas of biopharmaceutical companies, the pricing and
availability of prescription drugs, or the safety of drugs and drug delivery techniques; • regulatory developments in the United States and in foreign countries; • the announcement of, or developments in, any litigation matters; and • economic and political factors, including but not limited to economic and financial crises, wars, terrorism, and political unrest. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company’s securities,
securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. We may become subject to this type of litigation, which is often extremely expensive and diverts management’s attention . If we or our stockholders sell substantial amounts of our common stock, the market price of our common stock may decline. A significant number of shares of our common stock are held by a small number of stockholders. Sales of a significant number of
shares of our common stock, or the expectation that such sales may occur, could significantly reduce the market price of our common stock. We filed registration statements in connection with private financings that we concluded in January 2011 and
December 2012, which registrations cover approximately 17.0 million shares and 19.5 million shares of our common stock, respectively. In addition, in connection with our March 2014 public offering of common stock, we agreed to provide
resale registration rights for the shares of our common stock held by entities affiliated with one of our principal stockholders and one of our directors, Dr. Stephen R. Biggar. We also have an effective registration statement to sell
shares of our common stock on our own behalf, and may elect to sell shares pursuant to such registration statement, or an indeterminate number of shares pursuant to a new registration statement or in a private placement, from time to time. Our stock
price may decline as a result of the sale of the shares of our common stock included in any of these registration statements or future financings. If our officers, directors, and largest stockholders choose to act together, they may be able to significantly influence our management and operations, acting in their best interests and not
necessarily those of our other stockholders. Our directors, executive officers and holders of five percent or more of
our outstanding common stock and their affiliates beneficially own a substantial portion of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, acting together, have the ability to significantly influence all matters requiring approval by
our stockholders, including the election of all of our board members, amendments to our certificate of incorporation, going-private transactions, and the approval of mergers or other business combination transactions. The interests 43 Table of Contents of this group of stockholders may not always coincide with the company’s interests or the interests of other stockholders and they may act in a manner that advances their best interests and
not necessarily those of our other stockholders. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law may make an
acquisition of us more complicated and may make the removal and replacement of our directors and management more difficult. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the market price
of our common stock and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. These provisions may also make it difficult for stockholders to remove and replace our board of
directors and management. These provisions: • establish that members of the board of directors may be removed only for cause upon the affirmative vote of stockholders owning at least a majority of
our capital stock; • authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding
shares and prevent or delay a takeover attempt; • limit who may call a special meeting of stockholders; • establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon at
stockholder meetings; • prohibit our stockholders from making certain changes to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws except
with 66 2 / 3 percent stockholder approval; and • provide for a board of directors with staggered terms. We are also subject to provisions of the Delaware corporation law that, in general, prohibit any business combination with a beneficial owner of 15 percent or more of our common stock for three years
unless the holder’s acquisition of our stock was approved in advance by our board of directors. Although we believe these provisions collectively provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate
with our board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. Adverse securities
and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to raise capital. Historically, turmoil and
volatility in the financial markets have adversely affected the market capitalizations of many biotechnology companies, and generally made equity and debt financing more difficult to obtain. These events, coupled with other factors, may limit our
access to financing in the future. This could have a material adverse effect on our ability to access funding on acceptable terms, or at all, and our stock price may suffer further as a result. We do not intend to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future; as such, you must rely on stock appreciation for any return on
your investment. To date, we have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we do not intend to pay any
dividends in the foreseeable future. Instead, we intend to retain any future earnings to fund the development and growth of our business. For this reason, the success of an investment in our common stock, if any, will depend on the appreciation of
our common stock, which may not occur. There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate, and therefore, a holder of our common stock may not realize a return on his or her investment. Item 1B