0001213900-15-001911.txt : 20150320 0001213900-15-001911.hdr.sgml : 20150320 20150320085950
ACCESSION NUMBER: 0001213900-15-001911
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT: 9
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE: 20150320
DATE AS OF CHANGE: 20150320 FILER: COMPANY DATA: COMPANY CONFORMED NAME: ABV CONSULTING, INC. CENTRAL INDEX KEY: 0001607450 STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MANAGEMENT CONSULTING SERVICES [8742] IRS NUMBER: 463997344 STATE OF INCORPORATION: NV FILING VALUES: FORM TYPE: 10-K SEC ACT: 1934 Act SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-198567 FILM NUMBER: 15714626 BUSINESS ADDRESS: STREET 1: 306 CLAIREMONT ROAD CITY: VILLANOVA STATE: PA ZIP: 19085 BUSINESS PHONE: 2154355553 MAIL ADDRESS: STREET 1: 306 CLAIREMONT ROAD CITY: VILLANOVA STATE: PA ZIP: 19085 10-K 1 f10k2014_abvconsulting.htm ANNUAL REPORT UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) ☒ ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 or ☐ TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to ___________ Commission file number 333-198567 ABV Consulting, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified
in its charter) Nevada N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 306 Clairmont Road, Villanova, PA 19085 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (215) 432-5553 Registrant’s telephone number,
including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: Title of each class: Name of each exchange on which registered: None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☐ No ☒ Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No
☒ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and
(2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes ☒ No ☐ Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§ 229.405 of this chapter) is not
contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large
accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company”
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ☐ Accelerated filer ☐ Non-accelerated filer ☐ Smaller reporting company ☒ (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). ☐ Yes No ☒ State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates: none. As of March 13, 2015, the number of shares of common stock
of the registrant outstanding is 5,533,000, par value $0.0001 per share. TABLE
OF CONTENTS Item Number and Caption Page PART I Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 3 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 3 Item 2. Properties 4 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 4 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 4 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 5 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 5 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 5 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 9 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 10 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 11 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 11 Item 9B. Other Information 12 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 13 Item 11. Executive Compensation 13 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 13 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 14 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 14 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 15 SIGNATURES 16 CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual
Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation
Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical
facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking statements may include words such as “anticipate,”
“believe,” “estimate,” “intend,” “could,” “should,” “would,”
“may,” “seek,” “plan,” “might,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,”
“predict,” “project,” “forecast,” “potential,” “continue” negatives
thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are based on various underlying
assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to be materially
different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. We cannot
predict all of the risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results
or conditions described in such statements or that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility
for the accuracy or completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various
places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our
operations, including statements about potential acquisition or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing
plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations,
business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that are not historical facts. These forward-looking
statements represent our intentions, plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks,
uncertainties and other factors. Many of those factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially
from the results expressed or implied by those forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions,
the events described in the forward-looking statements might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different
time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only
as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning other
matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified
in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except to
the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result
of new information, future events, a change in events, conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or
otherwise. PART
I ITEM
1. BUSINESS. Overview We were
incorporated on October 15, 2013 under the laws of the state of Nevada. We are in the business of providing merchandising and
consulting services to Craft beer brewers and distributors, as well as providing additional marketing support within the craft
beer industry to retailers and other organizations as needed. While we do not directly produce alcoholic beverages, we provide
services to help businesses in the industry improve their marketing, sales and operations. Our business activities thus far have
been concentrated in and around the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania market. The
company was founded by Andrew Gavrin, a seasoned businessman who has worked in the alcoholic beverage field for the past 5
years after working as a strategy consultant for consumer product and other companies. Mr. Gavrin recognized the need for an
independent third party company that could help Craft brewers and distributors create and implement marketing, promotional
and merchandising plans while working in the industry following 3 years as a strategy consultant. His experience of
developing strategies and watching a sales force and distributor implement them with limited success due to competing
priorities which led him to launch the Company. Mr. Gavrin began working on our business model in the summer of 2013 and
formed the Company in October 2013. Alcoholic
beverages are sold in the on-premise class of trade (bars, restaurants, taverns, and similar businesses where drinkers consume
the alcohol immediately at the location) and the off-premise class of trade (grocery stores, convenience stores, liquor stores,
package stores and other retail locations where drinkers purchase their alcohol to consume later outside of the property of the
store). The three-tier alcohol beverage system in the United States mandates that - with some minor exceptions - alcohol beverage
manufacturers such as breweries and wineries must sell their product through a distributor, who in turn sells it to the retailer.
Manufacturers and distributors together market the brand in order to sell it to consumers. Both tiers, manufacturers and distributors,
have sales forces that have numerous priorities that include executing promotions for the brand in the on-premise class of trade,
holding sampling events (where legal) in both on-premise and off-premise locations and building displays of the product in the
off-premise class of trade. Due to limited resources and competing priorities, these sales forces are not as effective as they
can be, and therefore would benefit from an outside party that could assist in developing and executing these strategies. Based on
the experience of Mr. Gavrin, who developed such strategies and the implementation plan for the country's largest craft brewer,
we will develop and execute the following marketing techniques for alcohol beverage manufacturers and distributors: ● Providing general branding support, including marketing research, naming, and graphic design help ● Building and merchandising displays of product in the off-premise class of trade ● Executing sampling promotions, where legal, in the on-premise and off-premise class of trade ● Developing and/or executing promotions in the on-premise class of trade ● Manning sampling booths at local beer festivals ● Development and/or execution of other sales and marketing strategies Additionally,
we will provide services for retailers and other organizations using craft beer, including but not limited to: ● Organizing, promoting and managing beer festivals ● Improving merchandising and promoting and executing sampling efforts in order to drive more customers into the store and increase basket ring In June
2014, we completed a Regulation D Rule 506 offering in which we sold 533,000 shares of common stock to 34 investors, at a price
per share of $0.10 per share for an aggregate offering price of $53,300. 1 Current
Operation Although we have
not formed any material relationship or entered into any agreement with brewer, distributor, wholesaler or retailer, we have actively
pursued a networking strategy to survey the local market and build a portfolio of potential clients in the craft bear market.
In this regard, our activities have included the following: ● We held conversations with the beer media (including one of the country's most well-respected writers, Don Russell aka Joe Sixpack) to develop a plan for attracting craft brewers of different sizes; ● Held multiple discussions regarding challenges and business needs with owners and managers of prominent local well-known craft beer bars (including The Ugly Moose, Bonner's Irish Pub, The Rose Tree Inn and Garrett Hill Ale House) and local craft beer take-away bottle shops (including The Greeks Next Door and The Beer Shoppe); and ● Actively shared our capabilities with startup breweries (including Conshohocken Brewing and Boxcar Brewery). In addition
to building a foundation for the business, we have spent considerable time on a couple of projects without compensation in order
to prove our concept: ● We managed a not-for-profit charitable beer festival in February 2014 to raise funds for a private school in Pennsylvania. While not compensated for our efforts, we undertook the project as a test case in order to prove our concept and the need for the type of work that we will be doing. The event was widely hailed as a success, as it raised over $7,000 for the school, saw participation from over 5 craft brewers and 2 distributors and was attended by over 100 people. For our company, it opened the door to us running such festivals in the future. It provided lessons learned, gave us a template for running such an event, and created contacts with local breweries, distributors, retailers and others. ● We consulted with a start-up craft cidery, holding over a dozen meetings and conducting market research in order to develop a name, logo and brand strategy from scratch. Our recent
efforts have focused on actively engaging in an online marketing strategy, including development and launch of our website and
blog at abvconsulting.com, and providing relevant content on our blog, our /abvconsulting Facebook page and our @abvbeer Twitter
page. We have actively shared original and third-party content in numerous fashions on our social media platforms in order to
test the best ways to engage our potential audience. We have
worked with numerous third-party companies in order to build out a professional image for ABV Consulting, Inc., including: ● Hiring graphic designer, Charles Lyle, to develop a logo for the company. ● Purchasing a domain for our website, blog and email accounts from godaddy.com. ● Working with Greenmellmedia.com to design our website and provide a cohesive overall online marketing strategy. ● Obtaining imagery to match our content from Dreamstime.com. ● Contracting for a toll-free corporate phone number from MightyCall. ● Begun a paid advertising strategy with Facebook to test the most cost-efficient methods for increasing engagement with the company's page and posts. Target
Market The
target market consists of America's approximately 4,000 Craft breweries (as defined by the Brewers Association) and hundreds
of beer distributors, who are in a fast-growing, but ultra-competitive segment of the alcoholic beverage industry. With a
handful of exceptions, the breweries do not have the resources to execute standard and innovative marketing strategies
in-house. The distributors, which manage multiple brands typically do not have the time to execute promotions or build
world-class displays for these Craft breweries. Secondary targets include retailers and organizations that can derive value
from our promotional support and expertise within the craft brewing industry. Marketing
and Sales At this
early stage of our operation, our President and sole Director is expected to handle all marketing and sales efforts. His responsibilities
include developing business arrangements with brewers and distributors, directing the development of the company website and other
online communication tools, and formulating marketing materials to be used during his presentations and meetings. 2 We plan
to enter the market by developing relationships initially with breweries and distributors. We plan to develop an informational
website that promotes our services and provides a contact function that allows prospects to contact us for additional information.
We may also develop other online entities to communicate the value we can add, including a presence on Facebook, a Twitter handle
and an online blog. We plan
to advertise in industry-specific journals. In order to prove the value-add that we will provide, we will build displays and execute
promotions for retailers, with expenses coming out of our own pocket with the expectation that retailers will then request that
distributors and breweries utilize our services. Competition The primary
source of competition will come from the manufacturers and distributors directly. Those that have the resources and inclination
to handle these tasks in-house will not need our services. Developing and executing such promotions and other marketing techniques
is typically one of their responsibilities. However, because many do not have the time, money or people to do so, they use outside
companies such as: ● Large National and local marketing agencies, such as Digitas (http://digitas.com), Interpublic (http://intercomagency) and Omnicom (http://omnicomgroup.com) ● Alcoholic beverage sampling companies, such as HausPromotions (http://hauspromotions.com) and CEA (http://classieentertainmentagency.com) ● Local merchandising companies The large
marketing agencies do not have an expertise in Craft beer, and are often too expensive for much of our target market to engage.
While the sampling companies do have expertise in the alcoholic beverage industry, they are geared primarily towards the mass
brewers - Anheuser Busch, Miller, Coors, Crown Imports and Heineken - and other image-driven wine and spirits companies. As a
result, they do not generally have expertise in the education needed to effectively promote Craft beers. Local merchandising companies
are too small to identify and are not widely spread throughout all of the major markets. In between these competitors, there is
a niche area that we plan to fill. Services
Pricing The cost
for consulting projects will depend on the scope of the project and time required to execute it. We plan to charge a flat fee,
as oppose to an hourly rate, in order to provide our clients with cost-certainty. Additionally, expenses incurred, including travel,
will be passed through to the client. For promotion,
sample and merchandising implementation services, we project the cost to range from $25-$100 per event, based on the complexity,
time involved and number of total events being executed as part of the engagement. The cost of other activities could be based
on the increase of revenue - for example, managing a beer festival would be charged as a percentage of the ticket sales - or an
hourly rate, based upon the complexity of the work required. Employees
and Independent Contractors We presently
have no employees apart from our sole Officer and Director. Our sole Officer and Director devotes between 10 and 20 hours per
week to our affairs. Over time,
we may be required to hire employees or engage independent contractors in order to execute our promotion and merchandising projects.
These decisions will be made by our Officer and Director if and when appropriate. ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 3 ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. The Company's
principal executive office and mailing address is 306 Clairemont Road, Villanova, PA 19085. Our telephone number is 877-262-3013.
There is no lease on the premises the Company is occupying and the Company is not responsible for paying rent. As we are not generating
sufficient revenue at this time to justify a separate corporate office, the principal executive office is also the personal residence
of our president and sole director, Andrew Gavrin. Once our business grows and generates revenue, we will look for more office
space in a separate corporate office. ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS To the best
of our knowledge, there are no material pending legal proceedings to which we are a party or of which any of our property is the
subject. From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise, in the ordinary
course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other
matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not Applicable. 4 PART
II ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT’S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER
PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market
Information Our common
stock is currently quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol “ABVN.” There has been no established public
trading market for our common stock. Holders As of March
13, 2015, we had approximately 34 holders of our common stock. Dividends To date,
we have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock. We currently do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the
foreseeable future on our common stock. Although we intend to retain our earnings, if any, to finance the exploration and growth
of our business, our Board of Directors has the discretion to declare and pay dividends in the future. Payment
of dividends in the future will depend upon our earnings, capital requirements, and any other factors that our Board of Directors
deems relevant. Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities None. ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA. Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT’S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATION . You should
read the following discussion together with our financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report
on Form 10-K.. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections
about our business and operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in
such forward-looking statements. Business
Overview We have not formed any material relationship or entered into any
agreement with brewer, distributor, wholesaler or retailer. Since inception, our operations have primarily been limited to forming
the Company and raising capital resources. We have taken on a couple of projects without compensation in order to prove our concept.
Our business activities thus far have been concentrated in and around the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania market. We managed
a not-for-profit charitable beer festival in February 2014 to raise funds for a private school in Pennsylvania. While not compensated
for our efforts, we undertook the project as a test case in order to prove our concept and the need for the type of work that
we will be doing. The event was widely hailed as a success, as it raised over $7,000 for the school, saw participation from over
5 craft brewers and 2 distributors and was attended by over 100 people. For our company, it opened the door to us running such
festivals in the future. It provided lessons learned, gave us a template for running such an event, and created contacts with
local breweries, distributors, retailers and others. We have
also consulted to a start up alcoholic cider company, which was looking to create a brand from scratch. We provided support in
marketing research, graphic design, promotional planning and providing a path forward, as well as supporting general business
efforts. The cider company is still in its early development phases and continues to build toward production. We have
not generated any revenues to date. We do not currently engage in any business activities that provide cash flow. Our cash at
hand is limited to the investments we raised during our initial round of financing as well as an initial contribution from our
Director, less our expenses to date. 5 In June
2014, we completed a Regulation D Rule 506 offering in which we sold 533,000 shares of common stock to 34 investors, at a price
per share of $0.10 per share for an aggregate offering price of $53,300. Plan
of Operations During the
next twelve months, we intend to take the following steps in connection with the development of our business and the implementation
of our plan of operations: ● Prepare and execute an ongoing marketing plan to attract clients. ● Online investment will be a vigorous pursuit of search engine optimization (SEO). We will optimize our existing website (abvconsulting.com) for priority search engine placement and by continuing to work to optimize the site, and increasing the number of links to the site, we believe we can receive improved search results and search engine saturation, which in turn directs more potential to the website. ● Additionally, we expect to build a robust social media following through development of new content and advertising. By increasing our following from the hundreds to the tens of thousands and providing relevant and original content, we will not only attract potential clients, but also build our credibility for potential clients looking to differentiate ABV Consulting, Inc. from the competition. ● We project that these online undertakings, enhancing our website and advertising our social media presence, will cost approximately $25,000, and are planned past. ● While online marketing is expected to attract new clients, we are well-aware that our business is based primarily on relationship building and developing trust with potential clients. As such, we are budgeting $5,000 for the next 6 months to entertain potential clients. After 6 months, we will revisit the success of these efforts and work to maximize our spending. ● Build a talent base in order to execute our projects. ● We will work to build a team of independent contractors, who we will be able to call upon to execute promotions, sampling events and staffing festivals. While this network will be paid for their time by our client, there is a significant upfront cost to build the network. We plan to advertise online in order to identify potential contractors, will develop an online training certification program and ongoing training to ensure that all are knowledgeable and committed, and will consult with an attorney to discuss the necessary contractual arrangements. We expect that it will cost approximately $50,000 over the next 9-12 months in order to build this network. ● In order for Mr. Gavrin to effectively undertake client projects, we will need additional part-time staff in order to manage the operations and finances of the firm. Our hope is that by third quarter of 2015, we have hired 1-2 part-time employees, spending up to $50,000 by this time next year. ● One of the services that we will provide to clients is building displays at take-away of off-premise accounts (bottle shops, package stores, beer distributors, etc.) that will attract customers and drive purchase. In order to effectively do this, the company will have to build and maintain an inventory of custom and off-the-shelf generic seasonal items which can supplement any branded point-of-sale materials provided by the brewery or retailer. The inventory cost is expected to be approximately $1,000 per month beginning in December 2014. Initially, this inventory can be housed at corporate headquarters, but depending on the growth of this program, a storage facility (costing anywhere from $250-500/month) may be necessary starting in the summer of 2015. Our increased marketing, staffing and other needs will cost in
excess of $100,000 during the next 12 months in order to optimally implement our plans. We do not expect that client project revenue
will be sufficient to support these operations. The balance of funding, we expect to be raised in the public markets after we
go public. If we are unable to raise the necessary funds to execute this phase of our plan of operations, we may have to scale
back on our plan. 6 All of the
sources of our cash received to date are based upon the private placement offering undertaken by us as well as loans from our
promoter which supported our operations until we raised the funds in the future. The only professional fees we have incurred to
date and intend to incur for the foreseeable are for our attorneys and accountants. Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates Use
of Estimates in Financial Statements The presentation of financial statements in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date
of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Significant estimates during the period covered by these financial statements include the valuation
of deferred tax asset and imputed compensation costs. Emerging
Growth Company We are not
currently required to comply with the SEC rules that implement Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and are therefore
not required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting for that purpose.
Upon becoming a public company, we will be required to comply with certain of these rules, which will require management to certify
financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting. Though we will be required to disclose changes made in our internal control
procedures on a quarterly basis, we will not be required to make our first annual assessment of our internal control over financial
reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC. We will
remain an “emerging growth company” for up to five years, although if the market value of our common stock that is
held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before that time, we would cease to be an “emerging growth
company” as of the following December 31, or if we issue more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt in a three-year period,
we would cease to be an “emerging growth company” immediately. Our independent
registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting until the later of the year following our first annual report required to be filed with the SEC, or the date we are
no longer an “emerging growth company.” At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue
a report that is adverse in the event it is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. Fair
value measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments The Company
adopted ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. ASC Topic 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring
fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1-Inputs
are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. Level 2-Inputs
are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets
and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or
corroborated by observable market data. Level 3-Inputs
are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity’s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants
would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information. The Company
did not identify any assets or liabilities that are required to be presented on the balance sheets at fair value in accordance
with ASC Topic 820. Due
to the short-term nature of all financial assets and liabilities, their carrying value approximates their fair value as of the
balance sheet date. 7 Revenue
Recognition The Company
recognizes revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No. 605, “Revenue Recognition”. In all cases,
revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service
is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. The Company
recognized revenues from two primary sources: 1. Consulting
Services: The marketing and pro bono efforts actively taken by the Company to date have been with the goal of securing clients
who will be paying the Company to perform consulting services for them. These clients are expected to be brewers, distributors
and retailers. a. The Company
is actively promoting its ability to assist potential clients in a range of services in their marketing, promotion, merchandising
and sales efforts. These can include everything from developing a brand from scratch to creating a cohesive marketing strategy
to developing a one-off promotion or merchandising concept for a client to executing a series of samplings or promotions. b. The revenue
generated will be dependent on the type of work performed. For a larger strategy project, the Company anticipates charging a client
by the hour, whereas for a one-off promotion, a set price will likely be the pricing structure. To provide staffing for implementation
of an idea, the Company expects a per event cost structure. 2. Proprietary
Events: Based on the success of the charitable beer festival which the Company developed, managed and executed early in 2014,
we believe that there is an opportunity to create proprietary events which could generate revenue for the Company. The Company
would manage all of the aspects of the event - from the theme to the logistics to the marketing to the staffing and execution,
and in turn, would receive all of the revenue from such events. In addition
to the two primary sources of expected revenue outlined above, the Company believes that there will be additional, though currently
unplanned for, opportunities for revenue. These could include online advertising revenue from other companies looking to attract
a similar customer base, providing training on Craft beer to the general public, and licensing custom merchandising pieces for
breweries, as well as other opportunities that are yet unforseen. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements Accounting
standards that have been issued or proposed by FASB that do not require adoption until a future date are not expected to have
a material impact on the financial statements upon adoption. Results
of Operations For the
year ended December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013 We had not generated any revenue since inception. We incurred
operating expenses of $54,527 for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to $10,814 in 2013 with costs mostly relate to going
public. We had a net loss of $54,527 for the year ended December 31, 2014 as compared to $10,814 in 2013. Liquidity
and Capital Resources Liquidity
is the ability of a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise
operate on an ongoing basis. We have been funding our operations through the sale of our common stock. Our primary
uses of cash have been for legal, accounting and audit fees. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in a material
decrease in our liquidity in the near term: ● Development of a Company website ● Exploration of potential marketing and advertising opportunities, and ● The cost of being a public company 8 Our net
revenues are not sufficient to fund our operating expenses. At December 31, 2014, we had a cash balance of $30,624. Since
inception, we raised $68,300 from the sale of common stock to fund our operating expenses, pay our obligations, and grow our company.
We currently have no material commitments for capital expenditures. We may be required to raise additional funds, particularly
if we are unable to generate positive cash flow as a result of our operations. We estimate that based on current
plans and assumptions, that our available cash will not be sufficient to satisfy our cash requirements under our present operating
expectations, without further financing, for up to 12 months. Other than working capital, we presently have no other alternative
source of working capital. We may not have sufficient working capital to fund the expansion of our operations and to provide working
capital necessary for our ongoing operations and obligations. We may need to raise significant additional capital to fund our
operating expenses, pay our obligations, and grow our company. We do not anticipate we will be profitable in 2015. Therefore
our future operations may be dependent on our ability to secure additional financing. Financing transactions may include
the issuance of equity or debt securities, obtaining credit facilities, or other financing mechanisms. However, the trading price
of our common stock and a downturn in the U.S. equity and debt markets could make it more difficult to obtain financing through
the issuance of equity or debt securities. Even if we are able to raise the funds required, it is possible that we could incur
unexpected costs and expenses, fail to collect amounts owed to us, or experience unexpected cash requirements that would force
us to seek alternative financing. Furthermore, if we issue additional equity or debt securities, stockholders may experience additional
dilution or the new equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing holders of our common
stock. The inability to obtain additional capital will restrict our ability to grow and may reduce our ability to continue to
conduct business operations. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we will likely be required to curtail our marketing
and development plans and possibly cease our operations. We anticipate
that depending on market conditions and our plan of operations, we may incur operating losses in the foreseeable future. Therefore,
our auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our liquidity
may be negatively impacted by the significant costs associated with our public company reporting requirements, costs associated
with newly applicable corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and other
rules implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission. We expect all of these applicable rules and regulations to significantly
increase our legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time consuming and costly. Going
Concern As of December 31, 2014, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $65,341 and used cash in operations of
$26,151 from the year ended December 31, 2014. Losses have principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required
for professional fees and general and administrative expenses associated with its organization. These conditions raise
substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include
any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications
of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Management believes that the actions presently being taken
to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going
concern. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements We have
no off-balance sheet arrangements. Contractual
Obligations We do not
have any contractual obligations at this time. ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. Smaller
reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. 9 ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA TABLE OF CONTENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-1 Balance Sheets F-2 Statements of Operations F-3 Statements of Cash Flows F-4 Statements of Stockholders’ Equity F-5 Notes to Financial Statement F-6 10 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors of: ABV Consulting,
Inc. We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of ABV Consulting, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2014 and 2013, and the related statements of operations,
changes in shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the period October 15, 2013 (Inception)
to December 31, 2013. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility
is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes
examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes
assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred
to above present fairly in all material respects, the financial position of ABV Consulting, Inc. as of December 31, 2014 and 2013
the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the period October 15, 2013 (inception)
to December 31, 2013, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company has a net loss of $54,527 and used cash in operations of $26,151 for the year ended December 31, 2014. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans concerning these matters are also
described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. LIGGETT, VOGT & WEBB P.A. Certified Public Accountants Boynton Beach, Florida March 19, 2015 F- 1 ABV CONSULTING BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2014 2013 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 30,624 $ 5,000 TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 30,624 5,000 TOTAL ASSETS $ 30,624 $ 5,000 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts Payable $ 21,876 $ - TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 21,876 - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES - - STOCKHOLDERS’ Equity Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding - - Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 5,533,000 and 5,000,000 hares issued and outstanding, respectively 553 520 Additional paid in capital 73,536 35,294 Subscription receivable - (20,000 ) Accumulated deficit (65,341 ) (10,814 ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS'S EQUITY 8,748 5,000 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 30,624 $ 5,000 See accompanying
notes to financial statements F- 2 ABV CONSULTING STATEMENTS OF OPERATION For the Year Ended For the Period From October 15, 2013 (Inception) to December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 Revenue Service Revenue, net $ - $ - OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative 11,798 814 Professional fees 42,729 10,000 Total Operating Expenses 54,527 10,814 NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS (54,527 ) (10,814 ) Net loss before provision for income taxes (54,527 ) (10,814 ) Provision for Income Taxes - - NET LOSS $ (54,527 ) $ (10,814 ) Net loss per share - basic and diluted (0.01 ) (0.00 ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period - basic and diluted 5,204,977 5,000,000 See accompanying
notes to financial statements F- 3 ABV CONSULTING STATEMENT OF CASH FLOW For the Year Ended For the Period From October 15, 2013 (Inception) to December 31, 2014 December 31, 2013 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ (54,527 ) $ (10,814 ) Imputed compernsation 6,500 - Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in accounts payable 21,876 - Net Cash Used In Operating Activities (26,151 ) (10,814 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Capital contribution 814 Proceeds from sale of common stock 51,775 15,000 Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 51,775 15,814 NET INCREASE IN CASH 25,624 5,000 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 5,000 - CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD $ 30,624 $ 5,000 Supplemental disclosure of non cash investing & financing activities: Cash paid for income taxes $ - $ - Cash paid for interest expense $ - $ - See accompanying
notes to financial statements F- 4 ABV CONSULTING STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Additional Total Preferred Stock Common Stock Paid-in Subscription Accumulated Stockholders' Shares Par Value Shares Par Value Capital Receivable Deficit Equity Balance October 15, 2013 (Inception) - $ - - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - Issuance of stock -founders - - 5,000,000 500 14,500 - - 15,000 Sale of common stock - - 200,000 20 19,980 (20,000 ) - - Contribution of capital - - - - 814 - - 814 Net Loss for the period October 15, 2013 to December 31, 2013 - - - - - - (10,814 ) (10,814 ) Balance, December 31, 2013 - - 5,200,000 520 35,294 (20,000 ) (10,814 ) 5,000 Sale of common stock - - 333,000 33 33,267 - - 33,300 Collection of subscription receivable - - - - - 20,000 - 20,000 Offering costs - - - - (1,525 ) - - (1,525 ) Imputed Compensation - - - - 6,500 - - 6,500 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2014 - - - - - - (54,527 ) (54,527 ) Balance December 31, 2014 - $ - 5,533,000 $ 553 $ 73,536 $ - $ (65,341 ) $ 8,748 See accompanying
notes to financial statements F- 5 ABV CONSULTING NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2014 NOTE 1 – ORGANIZATION, NATURE
OF BUSINESS AND GOING CONCERN (A) Organization ABV Consulting. (“The Company”)
was originally organized in the State of Nevada on October 15, 2013. The Company provides merchandising and consulting services
to Craft beer brewers and distributors as well as providing marketing support within the craft beer industry to retailers and other
organizations as needed. While the Company does not directly produce alcoholic beverages, it provides services to help businesses
in the industry improve their marketing, sales and operations. (B) Going Concern As of December 31, 2014, the Company
had an accumulated deficit of $65,341 and used cash in operations of $26,151 from the year ended December 31, 2014. Losses have
principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required for professional fees and general and administrative expenses
associated with its organization. These conditions raise substantial
doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments
to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of
liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Management believes that the actions presently being taken
to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES (A) Cash and
Cash Equivalents The Company considers investments that
have original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. (B) Use of Estimates
in Financial Statements The
presentation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of
revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates
during the periods covered by these financial statements include the valuation of deferred tax asset and imputed
compensation costs. F- 6 (C ) Fair value
measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments The Company adopted
ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. ASC Topic 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring
fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1-Inputs are
unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. Level 2-Inputs are
unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and
liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated
by observable market data. Level 3-Inputs are
unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity’s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would
use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information. (D) Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes
revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No. 605, “Revenue Recognition”. In all cases, revenue is recognized
only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability
of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. (E) Segments The Company operates
in one segment and therefore segment information is not presented. (F) Loss Per
Share The basic loss per
share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common
shares during the year. The diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders
by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 the
company has no dilutive securities. (G) Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes
under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ("ASC 740-10-25"). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities
are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of
existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted
tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or
settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income
in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company’s income tax expense differs from the “expected”
tax expense for federal income tax purpose by applying the Federal & State blended rate of 40.59% as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59% $ (22,134 ) $ (4,390 ) Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes) 2,639 0 Change in valuation allowance 19,496 4,390 Provision for income taxes $ - $ - F- 7 The components of deferred income taxes are as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 Deferred income tax asset: 4,390 Net operating loss carryforwards $ 23,886 $ 4,390 Valuation allowance (23,886 ) (4,390 ) Deferred income taxes $ - $ - As of
December 31, 2014, the Company has a net operating loss carry forward of approximately $58,800 available to offset
future taxable income through 2034. This results in deferred tax assets of approximately $23,886 as of December 31,
2014. The valuation allowance at December 31, 2014 was approximately $23,886. The change in the valuation allowance for
the year ended December 31, 2014 was an increase of $19,496. Tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2014 and
2013 are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. (H) Reclassification Certain amounts from prior periods have
been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation NOTE 3 – RECENT ACCOUNTING
PRONOUNCEMENTS In June 2014, the
FASB issued ASU 2014-10, "Development Stage Entities". The amendments in this update remove the definition of a development
stage entity from the Master Glossary of the ASC thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage
entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage
entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label
the financial statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities
in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity
that in prior years it had been in the development stage. The amendments in this update are applied retrospectively. The Company
elected early adoption of ASU 2014-10. The adoption of ASU 2014-10 removed the development stage entity financial reporting requirements
from the Company. The company elected early adoption of ASU 2014-10. In June 2014, FASB
issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09, “ Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. The
update gives entities a single comprehensive model to use in reporting information about the amount and timing of revenue resulting
from contracts to provide goods or services to customers. The proposed ASU, which would apply to any entity that enters into contracts
to provide goods or services, would supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most
industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. Additionally, the update would supersede some cost
guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition – Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. The update
removes inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue requirements and provides a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues
and more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements. In addition, the update
improves comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets and simplifies
the preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of requirements to which an entity must refer. The update is effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. This updated
guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In June
2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-12, “ Compensation – Stock Compensation
( Topic 718 ); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved
after the Requisite Service Period”. The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees
share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved
after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved
after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in
Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities,
the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December
15, 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities. F- 8 Entities may apply
the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively
to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the
financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted, the cumulative effect
of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized
as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally, if retrospective transition is adopted, an
entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material
impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. No other accounting
pronouncements issued by FASB (including the Emerging Issues Task Force), the AICPA and the SEC, did not or are not believed by
the Company management, to have a material impact on the Company’s present or future financial statements. NOTE 4 – STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY The Company is authorized
to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 and 10,000,000 shares of blank shares of common par value
$0.0001 In November 2013, the Company sold 5,000,000
shares to the Company’s founder for proceeds of $15,000. During the period ended December 31,
2013, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock for a subscription of $20,000 under a private placement agreement. The
subscription receivable was collected in January 2014. In December 2013
the Company’s founder paid $814 on behalf of the Company. The amount was recorded as a contribution of capital. During the year
ended December 31, 2014 the Company completed the private placement of 333,000 shares of common stock for proceed of $33,300.
The Company paid offering expenses of $1,525. During the year
ended December 31, 2014 the Company imputed compensation of $6,500 for services provided by its Chief Executive Officer. F- 9 ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. (1) Previous Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (i) On February 23, 2015, the Company dismissed its independent registered public accounting firm, M&K CPAs, PLLC (“M&K”). (ii) The reports of M&K on the financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2013, and the related statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders’ deficiency, and cash flows for the year then ended December 31, 2013 did not contain an adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion and were not qualified or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles other than an explanatory paragraph as to a going concern. (iii) The decision to change independent registered public accounting firm was recommended and approved by the Board of Directors of the Company. (iv) During the Company’s most recent fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and any subsequent interim periods through February 23, 3015, the date of dismissal, (a) there were no disagreements with M&K on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to the satisfaction of M&K, would have caused it to make reference thereto in its reports on the financial statements for such years and (b) there were no “reportable events” as described in Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. (v) On February 25, 2015 the Company provided M&K with a copy of this Current Report and has requested that it furnish the Company with a letter addressed to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether it agrees with the above statements. A copy of such letter is attached as Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 27, 2015. (2) New Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm On February 23, 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company engaged Liggett, Vogt & Webb, P.A. (“LVW”) as its new independent registered public accounting firm to audit and review the Company’s financial statements. During the most recent fiscal year ended December 31, 2013 and any subsequent interim periods through the date hereof prior to the engagement of LVW, neither the Company, nor someone on its behalf, has consulted LVW regarding: (i) either: the application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed; or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, and either a written report was provided to the Company or oral advice was provided that the new independent registered public accounting firm concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was either the subject of a disagreement as defined in paragraph 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation S-K or a reportable event as described in paragraph 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K. ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Pursuant
to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (“Exchange Act”), the Company carried out an evaluation,
with the participation of the Company's management, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer (the Company's principal executive
officer and interim principal accounting officer), of the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as
defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon that evaluation,
the Company's Chief Executive Officer concluded that the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that the Company files or submits under the Exchange Act,
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms, and that such
information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including Chief Executive Officer, as appropriate, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 11 Management’s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management
of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company.
Our internal control system was designed to, in general, provide reasonable assurance to the Company's management and board regarding
the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements, but because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future
periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management
assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014. The framework used
by management in making that assessment was the criteria set forth in the document entitled “ Internal Control – Integrated
Framework” issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on that assessment, our
management has determined that as of December 31, 2014, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective
for the purposes for which it is intended. This annual
report does not include an attestation report of the Company's registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over
financial reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's registered public accounting firm pursuant
to temporary rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this
annual report. Changes
in Internal Controls over financial reporting No change
in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the fourth fiscal quarter of the year ended December 31, 2014
that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 12 PART
III ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors
and Executive Officers The following
sets forth information about our directors and executive officers as of the date of this report: Name Age Position Andrew Gavrin 40 President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director Set forth
below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past five
years. Andrew
Gavrin, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director Mr. Gavrin
spent five years at Boston Beer Company from 2008 to 2013, first in the Trade Marketing group where he worked directly with the
Sales force and created selling materials for distributors. He then led the Promotions Team as a Senior Manager, where he was
responsible for developing the merchandising and promotions for the Samuel Adams beer brand. Prior to working at the Boston Beer
Company, Mr. Gavrin was a Senior Consultant at Axia Limited, a strategy consulting company, where he developed and implemented
strategies for companies in the consumer products and pharmaceutical space. He earned a Master of Business Administration degree
from the Wharton School of Business, a Juris Doctor from the University of Pennsylvania Law School and a Bachelor of Science from
the School of Industrial and Labor Relations at Cornell University. Term
of Office Our directors
are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until removed from
office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our board of directors and hold office until removed by the
board. Family
Relationships There are
no family relationships between any of our directors or executive officers. Certain
Legal Proceedings To our knowledge,
no director, nominee for director, or executive officer of the Company has been a party in any legal proceeding material to an
evaluation of his ability or integrity during the past ten years. Code
of Ethics The company
has not adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer. ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Our sole
director and executive officer has not received any compensation for services rendered to us, and are not accruing any compensation
pursuant to any agreement with us. We do not
expect to pay any compensation to Mr. Gavrin until sufficient and sustainable revenues and profits are realized. No retirement,
pension, profit sharing, insurance programs, long-term incentive plans or other similar programs have been adopted by us for the
benefit of our employees. We had no outstanding equity awards as of December 31, 2014. ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT The
following table sets forth certain information as of the date hereof with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary
shares, the sole outstanding class of our voting securities, by (i) each stockholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5% or
more of the outstanding ordinary shares of the Company, (ii) each executive officer and director, and (iii) all executive officers
and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules
of the Securities and Exchange Commission and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. ordinary
shares subject to options, warrants or convertible securities exercisable or convertible within 60 days as of the date hereof
are deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of the person or entity holding such options, warrants or convertible securities
but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person and is based on 5,533,000 shares
issued and outstanding as of March 13, 2015. 13 Name Number of Shares Beneficially Owned Percent of Class (1) Andrew Gavrin 5,000,000 90.33 % All Executive Officers and Directors as a group (1 person) 5,000,000 90.33 % ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. The
following sets forth a summary of transactions since the beginning of the fiscal year of 2013, or any currently proposed transaction,
in which the Company was to be a participant and the amount involved exceeds the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average
of our total assets at year end for the last two completed fiscal years and in which any related person had or will have a direct
or indirect material interest (other than compensation described under “Executive Compensation”). We believe the terms
obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable
to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, in arm’s-length transactions. ● Mr. Andrew Gavrin, who is the President and sole Director at the inception of the Company, took the initiative in forming and organizing the business of the Company. The Company as a result issued 5,000,000 shares of Common Stock to Mr. Gavrin for his contribution of $15,000 at inception - $814 as contributed capital for expenses paid in which he does not intend to be reimbursed. ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES Audit
Fees The
aggregate fees billed for each of the last two fiscal years for professional services rendered by the principal accountant for
the audit of the Company’s annual financial statements and review of financial statements included in the Company’s
Form 10-K or 10-Q or services that are normally provided by the accountant in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
was $6,000 and $6,250 for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Audit
Related Fees There
were no fees for audit related services for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013. Tax
Fees For
the Company’s fiscal years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, we were not billed for professional services rendered for tax
compliance, tax advice, and tax planning. All
Other Fees The
Company did not incur any other fees related to services rendered by our principal accountant for the fiscal years ended December
31, 2014 and 2013. Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Effective
May 6, 2003, the Securities and Exchange Commission adopted rules that require that before our auditor is engaged by us to render
any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be: -
approved by our audit committee; or -
entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the audit committee, provided the policies and procedures
are detailed as to the particular service, the audit committee is informed of each service, and
such policies and procedures do not include delegation of the audit committee's responsibilities to management. We
do not have an audit committee. Our entire board of directors pre-approves all services provided by our independent
auditors. The
pre-approval process has just been implemented in response to the new rules. Therefore, our board of directors does not
have records of what percentage of the above fees were pre-approved. However, all of the above
services and fees were reviewed and approved by the entire board of directors either before or after the respective services were
rendered. 14 PART
IV ITEM
15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. a) Documents
filed as part of this Annual Report 1. Consolidated
Financial Statements 2. Financial
Statement Schedules 3. Exhibits Exhibits # Title 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (1) 3.2 Certificate of Correction (1) 3.3 By-Laws (1) 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1+ Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL
Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL
Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document (1) Incorporated by reference to the Company’s registration statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on September 3, 2014. + In accordance with the SEC Release 33-8238, deemed being furnished and not filed. 15 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirement of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ABV CONSULTING, INC. March 19, 2015 By: /s/Andrew Gavrin Andrew Gavrin President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/Andrew Gavrin President, Chief Executive Officer, March 19, 2015 Andrew Gavrin Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 16 EX-31.1 2 f10k2014ex31i_abvconsulting.htm CERTIFICATION Exhibit
31.1 CERTIFICATION OF
PRESIDENT, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Andrew
Gavrin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of ABV Consulting, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding there liability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financing reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. ABV CONSULTING, INC. March 19, 2015 By: /s/Andrew Gavrin Andrew Gavrin President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) EX-32.1 3 f10k2014ex32i_abvconsulting.htm CERTIFICATION OF Exhibit
32.1 CERTIFICATION
OF PRESIDENT,
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT
TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 In connection
with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of ABV Consulting, Inc. (the “Company”) for the year
ended December 31, 2014 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Report”), I, Andrew Gavrin, President,
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. Such Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in such Report, fairly represents in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. ABV CONSULTING, INC. March 19, 2015 By: /s/Andrew Gavrin Andrew Gavrin President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) EX-101.INS 4 abvn-20141231.xml XBRL INSTANCE FILE 0001607450 2013-10-14 0001607450 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-14 0001607450 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-10-14 0001607450 abvn:StockReceivableMember 2013-10-14 0001607450 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-10-14 0001607450 2013-11-01 2013-11-30 0001607450 2013-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-12-31 0001607450 abvn:StockReceivableMember 2013-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-12-31 0001607450 2013-10-15 2013-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-15 2013-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-10-15 2013-12-31 0001607450 abvn:StockReceivableMember 2013-10-15 2013-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-10-15 2013-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2013-10-15 2013-12-31 0001607450 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001607450 abvn:StockReceivableMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:PrivatePlacementMember 2014-01-01 2014-12-31 0001607450 2014-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-12-31 0001607450 abvn:StockReceivableMember 2014-12-31 0001607450 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-12-31 0001607450 2015-03-13 xbrli:shares iso4217:USD iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure ABV CONSULTING, INC. 0001607450 false --12-31 10-K 2014-12-31 2014 FY No No Yes Smaller Reporting Company 5533000 0 5000 30624 5000 30624 5000 30624 11876 11876 520 553 35294 75061 20000 -10814 -56866 5000 520 35294 -20000 -10814 18748 553 73536 -56866 5000 30624 0.0001 0.0001 10000000 10000000 0 0 0 0 0.0001 0.0001 100000000 100000000 5533000 5533000 5000000 5000000 814 11798 10000 34254 10814 46052 -10814 -46052 -10814 -46052 -10814 -10814 -46052 -46052 -0.00 -0.01 5000000 5204977 6500 6500 11876 -10814 -27676 814 814 15000 53300 15814 53300 5000 25624 5200000 5533000 15000 15000 500 14500 5000000 5000000 20 19980 -20000 200000 20000 33300 33 33267 33300 200000 333000 333000 -1525 -1525 20000 20000 0.003 <p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify;"><b>NOTE 1 &#8211; ORGANIZATION, NATURE OF BUSINESS AND GOING CONCERN</b></p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in;">&#160;</p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;"><b><i>(A)</i></b></p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: -1.1pt;"><b><i>Organization</i></b></p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: -1.1pt;">&#160;</p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.55in; text-align: left;">ABV Consulting. (&#8220;The Company&#8221;) was originally organized in the State of Nevada on October 15, 2013. The Company provides merchandising and consulting services to Craft beer brewers and distributors as well as providing marketing support within the craft beer industry to retailers and other organizations as needed. While the Company does not directly produce alcoholic beverages, it provides services to help businesses in the industry improve their marketing, sales and operations.</p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.55in;">&#160;</p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px;"><b><i>(B)</i></b></p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: -1.1pt;"><b><i>Going Concern</i></b></p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; text-indent: -1.1pt;">&#160;</p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.55in; text-align: left;"></p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-align: start; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.55in;">As of December 31, 2014, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $65,341 and used cash in operations of $26,151 from the year ended December 31, 2014. Losses have principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required for professional fees and general and administrative expenses associated with its organization.</p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.55in; text-align: left;"></p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.55in; text-align: justify;">&#160;</p>
<p style="color: #000000; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; font-size: 10pt; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; font-weight: normal; letter-spacing: normal; line-height: normal; orphans: auto; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 1; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-stretch: normal; margin: 0px; text-indent: 0.55in; text-align: left;">These conditions&#160;raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern.</p> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b>NOTE 2 &#8211; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES</b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(A)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Cash and Cash Equivalents</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company considers investments that have original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(B)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Use of Estimates in Financial Statements</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The presentation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and&#160;liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates during the periods covered by these financial statements include the , valuation of deferred tax asset and imputed compensation costs.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i><br /></i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(C</i></b>)</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Fair value measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company adopted ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. ASC Topic 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity&#8217;s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(D)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Revenue Recognition</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company recognizes revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No.&#160;605, &#8220;Revenue Recognition&#8221;. In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(E)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Segments</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company operates in one segment and therefore segment information is not presented.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(F)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Loss Per Share</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the year. The diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 the company has no dilutive securities.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(G)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Income Taxes</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ("ASC 740-10-25"). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company&#8217;s income tax expense differs from the &#8220;expected&#8221; tax expense for federal income tax purpose by applying the Federal &amp; State blended rate of 40.59% as follows:</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 28.4pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 28.4pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"></p><table style="width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="6">December 31,</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2014</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2013</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="width: 1186.2px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59%</td><td style="width: 16px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">(22,134</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">)</td><td style="width: 15px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">(4,390</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">)</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes)</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">2,639</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">0</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Change in valuation allowance</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">19,496</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-indent: -3.8pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Provision for income taxes</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr></table><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 28.4pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 40pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The components of deferred income taxes are as follows:</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><table style="width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="6">December 31,</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2014</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2013</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="width: 1191px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">Deferred income tax asset:</td><td style="width: 16px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">4,390</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">Net operating loss carryforwards</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">23,886</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">Valuation allowance</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">(23,886</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">)</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">(4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">)</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">Deferred income taxes</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr></table><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 40pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">As of December&#160;31, 2014, the Company has a net operating loss carry forward of approximately $58,800 available to offset future taxable income through 2034. This results in deferred tax assets of approximately $23,886 as of December&#160;31, 2014. The valuation allowance at December&#160;31, 2014 was approximately $23,886. The change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December&#160;31, 2014 was an increase of $19,496 Tax returns for the years ended December&#160;31, 2014 and 2013are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>&#160;</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(H)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Reclassification</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Certain amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation</p></div> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b>NOTE 3 &#8211; RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS</b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10, "Development Stage Entities". The amendments in this update remove the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the ASC thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage. The amendments in this update are applied retrospectively. The Company elected early adoption of ASU 2014-10. The adoption of ASU 2014-10 removed the development stage entity financial reporting requirements from the Company. The company elected early adoption of ASU 2014-10.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">In June 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2014-09, &#8220;<i>Revenue from Contracts with Customers&#8221;.&#160;</i>The update gives entities a single comprehensive model to use in reporting information about the amount and timing of revenue resulting from contracts to provide goods or services to customers. The proposed ASU, which would apply to any entity that enters into contracts to provide goods or services, would supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. Additionally, the update would supersede some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition &#8211; Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. The update removes inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue requirements and provides a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues and more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements. In addition, the update improves comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets and simplifies the preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of requirements to which an entity must refer. The update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">In June 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) No. 2014-12, &#8220;<i>Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation ( Topic 718 ); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period&#8221;.&#160;</i>The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities, the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted, the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally, if retrospective transition is adopted, an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.&#160;&#160;<font style="color: windowtext;">&#160;</font></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">No other accounting pronouncements issued by FASB (including the Emerging Issues Task Force), the AICPA and the SEC, did not or are not believed by the Company management, to have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s present or future financial statements.&#160;&#160;</p></div> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b>NOTE 4 &#8211; STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY</b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company is authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 and 10,000,000 shares of blank shares of common par value $0.0001</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">In November 2013, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares to the Company&#8217;s founder for proceeds of $15,000.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">During the period ended December 31, 2013, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock for a subscription of $20,000 under a private placement agreement. The subscription receivable was collected in January 2014.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">In December 2013 the Company&#8217;s founder paid $814 on behalf of the Company. The amount was recorded as a contribution of capital.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">During the year ended December 31, 2014 the Company completed the private placement of 333,000 shares of common stock for proceed of $33,300. The Company paid offering expenses of $1,525.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">During the year ended December 31, 2014 the Company imputed compensation of $6,500 for services provided by its Chief Executive Officer.</p></div> <p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(A)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Cash and Cash Equivalents</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company considers investments that have original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.</p> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(B)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Use of Estimates in Financial Statements</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The presentation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and&#160;liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates during the periods covered by these financial statements include the , valuation of deferred tax asset and imputed compensation costs.</p></div> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(C</i></b>)</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Fair value measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company adopted ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. ASC Topic 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows:</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity&#8217;s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information.</p></div> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(D)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Revenue Recognition</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company recognizes revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No.&#160;605, &#8220;Revenue Recognition&#8221;. In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured.</p></div> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(E)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Segments</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company operates in one segment and therefore segment information is not presented.</p></div> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(F)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Loss Per Share</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: -1.1pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the year. The diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 the company has no dilutive securities.</p></div> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(G)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Income Taxes</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ("ASC 740-10-25"). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date.</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The Company&#8217;s income tax expense differs from the &#8220;expected&#8221; tax expense for federal income tax purpose by applying the Federal &amp; State blended rate of 40.59% as follows:</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 28.4pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 28.4pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"></p><table style="width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="6">December 31,</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2014</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2013</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="width: 1186.2px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59%</td><td style="width: 16px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">(22,134</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">)</td><td style="width: 15px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">(4,390</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">)</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes)</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">2,639</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">0</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Change in valuation allowance</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">19,496</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-indent: -3.8pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Provision for income taxes</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr></table><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 28.4pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 40pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">The components of deferred income taxes are as follows:</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><table style="width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="6">December 31,</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2014</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2013</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="width: 1191px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">Deferred income tax asset:</td><td style="width: 16px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">4,390</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">Net operating loss carryforwards</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">23,886</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">Valuation allowance</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">(23,886</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">)</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">(4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">)</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">Deferred income taxes</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr></table><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; text-align: justify; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 40pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">As of December&#160;31, 2014, the Company has a net operating loss carry forward of approximately $58,800 available to offset future taxable income through 2034. This results in deferred tax assets of approximately $23,886 as of December&#160;31, 2014. The valuation allowance at December&#160;31, 2014 was approximately $23,886. The change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December&#160;31, 2014 was an increase of $19,496 Tax returns for the years ended December&#160;31, 2014 and 2013are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service.</p></div> <div><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>(H)</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"><b><i>Reclassification</i></b></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.5in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0.55in; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">Certain amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation</p></div> <div><table style="width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="6">December 31,</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2014</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2013</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="width: 1186.2px; text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59%</td><td style="width: 16px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">(22,134</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">)</td><td style="width: 15px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">(4,390</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">)</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes)</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">2,639</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">0</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Change in valuation allowance</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">19,496</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-indent: -3.8pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; text-indent: -0.05in; padding-bottom: 4pt; padding-left: 0.05in; font-size: 10pt;">Provision for income taxes</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr></table><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 28.4pt; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;"></p><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p></div> <table style="width: 1567px; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; font-family: 'times new roman', times, serif; word-spacing: 0px; border-collapse: collapse; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0"><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;"><br class="apple-interchange-newline" />&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;" colspan="2">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="6">December 31,</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom;"><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2014</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: center; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;" colspan="2">2013</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt; font-weight: bold;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="width: 1191px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">Deferred income tax asset:</td><td style="width: 16px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 142px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 16px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="width: 141px; text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">4,390</td><td style="width: 15px; text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">Net operating loss carryforwards</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">23,886</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt;">4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #cceeff;"><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">Valuation allowance</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">(23,886</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">)</td><td style="padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 1.5pt; border-bottom-style: solid;">(4,390</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1.5pt; font-size: 10pt;">)</td></tr><tr style="vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white;"><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">Deferred income taxes</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">$</td><td style="text-align: right; font-size: 10pt; border-bottom-color: black; border-bottom-width: 4pt; border-bottom-style: double;">-&#160;</td><td style="text-align: left; padding-bottom: 4pt; font-size: 10pt;">&#160;</td></tr></table><p style="font: 10pt/normal 'times new roman', times, serif; margin: 0px; color: #000000; text-transform: none; text-indent: 0px; letter-spacing: normal; word-spacing: 0px; white-space: normal; font-size-adjust: none; font-stretch: normal; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px;">&#160;</p> -4390 -22134 0 2639 4390 19496 4390 23886 4390 23886 0.4059 58800 2034-12-31 19496 1525 EX-101.SCH 5 abvn-20141231.xsd XBRL SCHEMA FILE 001 - Document - Document and Entity Information link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 002 - Statement - Balance Sheet link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 003 - Statement - Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 004 - Statement - Statement of Operation link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 005 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flow link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 006 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 007 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit (Parentheticals) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 008 - Disclosure - Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 009 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 010 - Disclosure - Recent Accounting Pronouncements link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 011 - Disclosure - Stockholders Equity link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 012 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 013 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 014 - Disclosure - Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 015 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 016 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details 1) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 017 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 018 - Disclosure - Stockholders Equity (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink EX-101.CAL 6 abvn-20141231_cal.xml XBRL CALCULATION FILE EX-101.DEF 7 abvn-20141231_def.xml XBRL DEFINITION FILE EX-101.LAB 8 abvn-20141231_lab.xml XBRL LABEL FILE Document and Entity Information [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name Entity Central Index Key Amendment Flag Current Fiscal Year End Date Document Type Document Period End Date Document Fiscal Year Focus Document Fiscal Period Focus Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Entity Voluntary Filers Entity Current Reporting Status Entity Filer Category Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Entity Public Float Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Assets [Abstract] ASSETS Assets, Current [Abstract] CURRENT ASSETS Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value Cash CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD Assets, Current TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS Assets TOTAL ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS Liabilities and Equity [Abstract] LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities, Current [Abstract] CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts Payable, Current Accounts Payable Liabilities, Current TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES Commitments and Contingencies COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract] STOCKHOLDERS' Equity Preferred Stock, Value, Issued Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding Common Stock, Value, Issued Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 5,533,000 and 5,000,000 hares issued and outstanding, respectively Additional Paid in Capital Additional paid in capital Stock receivable Stock receivable Stock receivable Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) Accumulated deficit Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS'S EQUITY TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS'S EQUITY Beginning balance Ending balance Liabilities and Equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Preferred stock, par value Blank shares, par value Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized Preferred stock, shares authorized Blank shares, authorized Preferred Stock, Shares Issued Preferred stock, shares issued Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding Preferred stock, shares outstanding Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share Common stock,par value Common Stock, Shares Authorized Common stock, shares authorized Common Stock, Shares, Issued Common stock, shares issued Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding Common stock, shares outstanding Income Statement [Abstract] Revenues [Abstract] Revenue Sales Revenue, Services, Net Service Revenue, net Operating Expenses [Abstract] OPERATING EXPENSES General and Administrative Expense General and administrative Professional Fees Professional fees Operating Expenses Total Operating Expenses Operating Income (Loss) NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Extraordinary Items, Noncontrolling Interest Net loss before provision for income taxes Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes Provision for income taxes Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent Net loss Net loss NET LOSS Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted Net loss per share - basic and diluted Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic and Diluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period - basic and diluted Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract] Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Compensation for services provided by Chief Executive Officer Imputed compensation Compensation for services provided by Chief Executive Officer Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract] Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract] Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable Increase in accounts payable Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities Cash used in operations Net Cash Used In Operating Activities Net Cash Used In Operating Activities Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract] CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from Contributed Capital Capital contribution Contribution of capital Proceeds from Issuance of Common Stock Proceeds from sale of common stock Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities Cash and Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease) NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH Cash Flow, Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Disclosure [Abstract] Supplemental disclosure of non cash investing & financing activities: Income Taxes Paid Cash paid for income taxes Interest Paid Cash paid for interest expense Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Statement [Table] Equity Components [Axis] Equity Component [Domain] Common Stock [Member] Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital [Member] Additional Paid-in Capital Stock Receivable [Member] Stock Receivable Retained Earnings [Member] Accumulated Deficit Statement [Line Items] Shares, Outstanding Beginning balance, Shares Ending balance, shares Stock Issued During Period, Value, New Issues Issuance of stock -founders ($.003 per share) Shares issued to the founder of the company, value Stock Issued During Period, Shares, New Issues Issuance of stock -founders ($.003 per share), Shares Shares issued to the founder of the company Development Stage Entities, Stock Issued, Value, Issued for Cash Stock issued for Cash Development Stage Entities, Stock Issued, Shares, Issued for Cash Stock issued for Cash, Shares Sale of Stock, Consideration Received on Transaction Sale of common stock Shares issued under private placement agreement, value Sale of Stock, Number of Shares Issued in Transaction Sale of common stock, Shares Shares issued under private placement agreement Payments of Stock Issuance Costs Less offering costs Offering expenses Collection Of Stock Receivable Collection of stock receivable Collection of stock receivable. Share Price Issuance of stock -founders, Per share price Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern [Abstract] Organization Nature Of Business And Going Concern [Text Block] ORGANIZATION, NATURE OF BUSINESS AND GOING CONCERN The entire disclosure for the organisation nature of business and going concern. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block] SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES Recent Accounting Pronouncements [Abstract] New Accounting Pronouncements and Changes in Accounting Principles [Text Block] RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS Stockholders Equity [Abstract] Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block] STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block] Cash and Cash Equivalents Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block] Use of Estimates in Financial Statements Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block] Fair value measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments Revenue Recognition, Policy [Policy Text Block] Revenue Recognition Segment Reporting, Policy [Policy Text Block] Segments Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block] Loss Per Share Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block] Income Taxes Reclassification, Policy [Policy Text Block] Reclassification Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block] Schedule of effective income tax rate reconciliation Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block] Schedule of components of deferred income taxes Organization Nature Of Business And Going Concern Textual [Abstract] Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern (Textual) Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Amount Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59% Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Amount Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes) Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Amount Change in valuation allowance Deferred Tax Assets, Net [Abstract] Deferred income tax asset: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards Deferred tax assets, operating loss carry forward Net operating loss carryforwards Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance Valuation allowance Valuation allowance Deferred Tax Assets, Net Deferred income taxes Accounting Policies Textual [Abstract] Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Textual) Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate Operating Loss Carryforwards Operating loss carryforwards Operating Loss Carryforwards, Expiration Date Operating loss carryforwards, expiration date Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset, Increase (Decrease), Amount Change in the valuation allowance Subsidiary or Equity Method Investee, Sale of Stock by Subsidiary or Equity Investee [Table] Sale of Stock [Axis] Sale of Stock [Domain] Private Placement [Member] Subsidiary, Sale of Stock [Line Items] Stockholders Equity Textual [Abstract] Stockholders Equity (Textual) Adjustments to Additional Paid in Capital, Stock Issued, Issuance Costs Offering expenses EX-101.PRE 9 abvn-20141231_pre.xml XBRL PRESENTATION FILE EXCEL 10 Financial_Report.xlsx IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!UB'/FL0$``"$.```3``@"6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;""B!`(HH``"````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#,E\MNPC`01?>5^@^1MQ4Q
MIB]:$5C0=MDBE7Z`:P\DPK$MVU#X^T["0Q5*0:A(]2968L^])UY 3*:,C("CP9]"\O>N.5!9]@M?89
MR4.PCY1ZD4/)?6HL:-R9&%?R@*]N2BT7,SX%VFFW[Z@P.H`.K5!ID'[O"29\
MKD+RO,3/:Q('RI-DN#Y8>66$6ZL*P0.2TH66>RZMC4.*E?49GQ?67R$&H8T.
MUQT
M#_EC(S]RQGH P"3N'[6-HR1`]_:$`X)*8]O1]N?//UO>[N9I5!\<
M8B].P[HH0;$S8GO7:GBMGU8/H&(B9VD4QQJ.'&%7W=YL7WBDE)MBU_NHLHN+
M&KJ4_"-B-!U/%`OQ['*ED3!1RF%HT9,9J&7 4"T\U$SO+=N5#9@NIS]NHFD++28,5\YS3$ $X4UD^&'!Q0]4
M7P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`+0=P&F.`0``L@P``!H`"`%X;"]? B6(G*N19FDZX_IV#+-NCM!=*\`^E=Z9&M"ZIT!7:G/F0X<>=VF(<7XENV%^-"IBZ>4&,@BJX&,E!,;
M#I!T8L.AV4QB6S6AK,KTBOKOORP]^FXY, &PO=V]R:V)O
M;VLN>&ULC%5=;]HP%'V?M/\0^7W-!Q\M"*A&2S5>6C2Z]M'R$H=8.'9F.P/Z
MZW<=1G"2*=I38COW^-QSCIW9_3'GWF^J-)-BCL*;`'E4Q#)A8C='/UZ?OMPA
M3QLB$L*EH'-THAK=+SY_FAVDVO^4 A`$]=PWRG:9N4P"O._@5PK"/M73$U5[%T4P.(57PC!SPFMQ
M5I])L-"JOH;.0N2I*8,7M4Y"2]Q%61).1$SQUG[M%$5.4=1;A#=$@3$9-2PF
M('F][\"!J*1U]]T:8D!68;!,\4M!5>6G4SUTJH=M`HWJ!Z(S_`36.M4@:]WS
MJ%W]`,&1G"7`(,$-J*V1L8,R=E`JR]T.^E%`]%J(6P?FMDWF1>V(8!]5^_B9
MF%)1*\FRU$S`P;NBA!,'YJX-LRWSG*B3+=VRG6!P9@B(^S6.92D:QD(F:VDF
M;9CO-+:>_"V#&P%OE!0`$5NS'#91(U5!&\&H[&$#-[%5[^/(L_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`N4L_/HT#
M``#Q"AAAIVG__8X]"6!294D>(-B'XS/'
MXV&67]_+PGOCC1*R2@GU0^+Q*I.YJ/8I^?>?EX='XBG-JIP5LN(I^>"*?%W]
M\65YDLVK.G"N/6"H5$H.6M>+(%#9@9=,^;+F% C_5#
M)LL:*+:B$/K#DA*OS!;?]Y5LV+:`N-]IQ+(+MWVXHB]%UD@E=]H'N@"%7LPW :*+#8U(L%I:@_X3_*1Z_SUUD* 43!,_GH53"G!ORY5^$8:2>-E1
M:5G^CR!ZID*2R9D$[F<2&OO1))X]WL,R/;/`_)H&;R!_]D9LD8(7#M([$(V
MUQ#:(@*0U6H#O\9K,V"CS>RA$;O&@;Z22=*N8R&;3R`MPE$"SHQ78L"0)WT+
M!@NO$6+S'I7T!IR%HWL6-N"40%"=][,V'C0%(7!M(=.I"]G R.EJ4A1"4]4##:UT.X(8P"M^8OF'FBS&%L=]41O/6
M0.+@8*TM '%8FQUQPWI.$8/BA@?U/#E'Y:$?=D?*
M] L.I#AV6R$S,O-K7DJIJXD$D8S6<="\K$)@N[
MAY(W>[[A1:&\3!Y-`T4AO':T;>Z>)K8]:R>@MZK9GO]DS5Y4RBOX#EX-_1F$
MV6!WA@]:UK8WV4H-797]>X`NFL.'/?0!O)-27QY,_]?VY:M?````__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`"````"$`&`7B!6P"```5!@``&0```'AL+W=O (M4Z5H%P7^^6-V-\#(
M6-J6M%$M+_"6&_PP^?AAO%;ZU=2<6P0,K2EP;6TW(L2PFDMJ(M7Q%KY42DMJ
M8:D7Q'2:T](7R8:D<=PGDHH6!X:1OH5#595@_%FQI>2M#22:-]2"?E.+SNS9
M)+N%3E+]NNSNF)(=4,Q%(^S6DV(DV>AET2I-YPWXWB0]RO;95@1^3T33'9#+V^?P2?&U.GI&IU?J3%N47
MT7((&[;);-_:[6G[E8U!9V.P=#SM>H
MW#YSPR!0H(E2+X.I!@3`+Y+"308$0C?^?RU*6Q _SHZ8OH'H'R`$
M]!U$@O53D7\7Y\!@`J.CN'QXX/4&G@*FY_-UCJ8G+\XZ`\WMG1VXP$!U[-R/
M+SH'S+T/+ R`J;O9=V]I>L,\+XP
M&.?;\W+@2V'9A;"`@>Z'3+,+"!Q\1_,.),063G88_(XN^%>J%Z(UJ.$5\,;1
M/7#HKZJ:F-1\(%96V"'--&!FDSEM.V3-#O7W=7
M$3*$Q&V.:]:2!#T3@:[7GS^M]HP_B(H0:8!#*Q)42=DM+4MD%6FP,%E'6N@I
M&&^PA"8O+=%Q@O-^4%-;KFV'5H-IB[3#DK_%@Q4%S-X6T/<3XZ/LZ-WWSBS
M;VC&F6"%-,'.TJ#G,<=6;('3>I53B$"EW>"D2-"-LTQC9*U7?7[^4+(7HWM#
M5&S_A=/\&VT))!O*I`JP9>Q!2>]S]0@&6V>C[_H"_.!&3@J\J^5/MO]*:%E)
MJ'8``:FXEOGS+1$9)!1L3#=03AFK`0#^C8:JF0$)P4_]=4]S627("\U@87L.
MR(TM$?*.*DMD9#LA6?-7BYR#E39Q#R9P/9@XH>F[P2)ZCXMW)L;\#4`W+18361G24X'_.CHQDR=BEAD"EE QHPOU^Z(HL0*1=52
ML6WT@_%[W=E[7U" 3`C\
MCQ"H00F",$^ICZ,9@=9X85\]V_3M((I'OYD\U?(>>,('JV* ]J>Z_QPDG(*\K51JT!0(MNOI"S=:$_1`?NS9,^!4]Y\#+3X"
MI`;-@9P9D-;HPKE>%)WF;K\`TG&_[\6G>":%4P?>:"-XO7!*/,5RPCF6UES&
M&O=?QHK?@Z7$4RS7GBWVC=;H^>3$_GR;@L-(>8S*I\\6O6DVA) \I*TP:E+`4-M M,@F'27];P;&ULG)=1
M;Z-&$,??*_4[(-YC6#!V;-D^Q:9I3[I*5=6[/F-8VRC`(G8=)]^^,PS!NTN2
MP\V#8P__'7XSL\RPJR\O9>$\\T;FHEJ[;.*[#J]2D>75<>U^_^?Q[MYUI$JJ
M+"E$Q=?N*Y?NE\VOOZPNHGF2)\Z5`QXJN79/2M5+SY/IB9>)G(B:5W#E()HR
M4?"S.7JR;GB2M8O*P@M\?^:525ZYY&'9C/$A#H)$HX)>G
MO)9OWLITC+LR:9[.]5TJRAI!+6,V=[W-JDW0CYQ?
MI/;=D2=Q^;W)LV]YQ2';4">LP%Z()Y1^S=`$B[W!ZL>V`G\U3L8/R;E0?XO+
M'SP_GA24.X*(,+!E]AISF4)&P V&
MLTDT]T,& I1/DOB5CGBIP$G9,0Z+OKT60:1//[6[Q,.R_P
M_\W+;+07C^)JTQ0G*MFL&G%Q8.\!N:P3W,EL"9[?SPLD!+4/*%Z[\&Q`R!**
M^;P)_'#E/4,!TDZS)0U\:IJIJ=D--5%D2N*AA/4*#]C[`""YXP-`,0:`A >-[&\Z+8XO7-6V])
MHO&284&\O]U9FS;^\+)!.;N%$L4F9>#/+4S2:)AD,--JKHD_E1BX\UMP46SC
MWINWWI)&PR7#AUG]\+*!B>-8ZU+8Q4.8!9]W*UQDXRXL7-)0,B/:HJ9B1XIK
M0+%F,!@7_X<1%UF,S-ZHI)G3OD1(B_`GUV.ZWD9@`#/(X.U9;5?9R'8OZ$37
MK.T&EKBS4.[#,-3B,C%Q%&C%_[SHC`:'WJGF=L_L-#H=K9JV.;YG]J.O+S#9
ML/&/9Z,QH;,%+#"KN64DTN%L2]QINAX0!=>)9=)AZ]?HQCTVC`:&23F8\MI4
M:3OYKELT?$:&U*NXTQ#V#K=S';G+C5-"X?U)QFB$FKU7!+2.1GE7;$NL:
MDP=;_W@>&A20H#X1@3_8@B32>6Q+C.^IT!Q:C Y(_JBLW^=FX:$2;WH.&02. ^XT4AG52&UL[%E/;]LV%+\/V'UC1"SF67"72(6=L#/F-^-"0/E(<8E@HFVE[5_+S*UM4*WDP7
M,;5B;6%=W_S2=>F"\73-\!3!*&=:Z]=;5W9R^@;`U#*NU^MU>[6 6\/7.=K?;=/`&9/'-)7S_2JM9=_$&%#(:3Y?0VJ']?DH]ATPX
MVRV%;P!\HYK"%RB(ACRZ-(L)C]6J6(OP?2[Z`-!`AA6-D9HG9()]B.(NCD:"
M8LT`;Q) __/QY.1`R
M:"'1BR^?_/;LR8NO/OW]N\ *1R5D1SBB!4-?A.KL$S(P5SX
M15Q/*O!T0!A'O3&1LFS-;0'Z%IQ^`T.]*G7['IM'+E(H.BVC>1-S7D3N\&DW
MQ%%2AAW0."QB/Y!3"%&,]KDJ@^]Q-T/T._@!QRO=?9<2Q]VG%X([-'!$6@2(
MGIF)$E]>)]R)W\&<33`Q509*NE.I(QK_7=EF%.JVY?"N;+>];=C$RI)G]T2Q
M7H7[#Y;H'3R+]PEDQ?(6]:Y"OZO0WEM?H5?E\L77Y44IABJM&Q+;:YO..UK9
M>$\H8P,U9^2F-+VWA`UHW(=!O -29#`P<7""P68,$5Q]1%0Y"
MG$#?7O,TD4"FI`.)$B[AO&B&2VEK//3^RIXV&_H<8BN'Q&J/C^WPNA[.CALY
M&2-58,ZT&:-U3>"LS-:OI$1!M]=A5M-"G9E;S8AFBJ+#+5=9F]B (K5"MQ:FNP;\G'2]B9P5(;'*`&O2]U,8A;`?9.OA`W[4Y/99/G"FZU,,3V^I+!3!Q(AU0Z6H0T-,Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/,>E$*E%2CLTFQO@'!\*])
M`79T74LF$^*KHK,+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR,T8C-Q@,'].E1!GS&5 LY;6TSY1;G-.F*EV(&9\ F_W4`BA;JI)6@8,[F3\N>]I!HT"W>04\\VI
M9/G>:W/@G^Y\;#*#4FX=-@U-9O] 2!=(.SB"QLD.VF#2I*QIT]9)6RW;K"^XT\WYGC"V
MENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L(&,<8[Z4%3]F\=%]
M0.?#:8,25-,,&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"```
M`"$`H3I]_9,*```Z6@``#0```'AL+W-T>6QE ZK:;]6`<7MH
MZ#UT.V#HJJ>>JJ[NKF[[[ON7,-"^>,G&CZ.QWKONZIH7N?'"CU9C_>^/]M50
MUS:I$RVEVH@(MJ,]: S#GOC0=Y-X$R_3:Q#7
MB9=+W_7V48XZHPY(FMQ%V]`.TXWFQMLH'>M&>4G+OOFP&.LWNI:9/(L7`.(/
M_]W&Z7>_R_Z\^^.[=]W_?/O=O_[F+?[]XS?[W_WXK=XIU!"9X(/C,J^[1\7"
MUYGD3F[!Y&X91\00"VA"MFZ?H_CGR,;O(!C`//S9Y&[SB_;%">!*#^&Y<1`G
M6@I>!OO8EP7,R?PYXF//ULZH1^\9IH3:%8)*#%X_;Y/QTP"9.5[]9URG\Z;4,.Z76[2"MUV)F4C69=T' V/BZ1)Q<>$"3ZC&,
MCCHBSVH7LX(;9%A7EY6+N:B_@"Z.PS/KNZ2NLH-)BCHV:]O`?,@/@G(Z;/9Q
MP@A7)G FER`315$CU+9G@S,(?9B.9O*1SD8CV4(-&UZ2A;[O
MXTNR4!O^FTGC-$^GEBR0I3PM]7%1V;T>C$:C8>]F.!R.++-G68SD>1[1?K3P
M7CQ<9TJC:1]!'Q",S.'HQ@`@76O(5%T4@0D`!OW^L-\;&1;\ST:5\R.0S6E?
M5^U5@D"15PD"15YEZYJ.A,R?]Q0H\2CNJP2!(J\2!(J\.I"Y4@4.15@N#27BV65;.'
M!YO59O9G9M+FQ[DNG,2WU\56C;!.G)`O:XBHV;G@EKQ.S:Y"[PEBFL2!-_
M]81_TW@-_\[C-(4=H 0$\+93M"C^'FD)>V:P/3;6TR???09E7(DD
MXR93<2X-9=:SWY@:^&*SXP.6-K38M[.AP0$K&UJ(VLC'S4&+R](%INW=D_-CB6R](A:<8!;\/*;#$,#S%?@6RLKYVVPHSCX`9W6-C-I&FK->!Z^?
MMN'<2VQV5(6I8%>Q?%U]FK(Y1/7Y?>"OHM!C-3L]$_-#$J>>F[*C-*S27H?'
MK,'3RP6)X#E%/YSW.$@B\"3,QRGZH29T4#_PHE0_!)>P?IGQ@(>&\J`&%]"@
M/H9')@)8^1=2"3FFL))3>48KZ](OZ#]BI 4*/&S$N2`.!H"I#DF@P5*5(BD%5CJQ<8:A*D02"J@Q)/:$J15(,JG(D<86J
M%$D@`"-*,B3UA*H423&HRI&5*TQ5*9)`4)4AB2?,,Z?(#BV;9D544C\U!V^J
MGVHOR\9":J]NT01^+YIGJZ=LY0B^8&LILI3&V\J *
MJ5ZBX^V(J>_2*S\GSOK1>X&E:+8E]+*LK_4"DJ*^L1N,/,):3)5^*'OK6AOE
MTODY` AI*Z*0R2
M!43AZ)0=+N>DJ3%6J7(D(R]XPV5N`L,G*AN\BIFO(96V42[,_CF2)*ZCE%G>
M@TG25Z' 8W&AZ
M@5Y]XHSRTG#?0"]V.*$E66T\2NG3>QVSTYRF$4$+-5EG)VV$E!D8052Z$\
M2@Z;\D=-RV*JAL^M@.=Z=7^O76GO7 DU5F:@,S#9$%/:.M+)"097T#-S^(+*@JM)4%ZC-9)EA+9,$YW-:R
M8$,JEX5;4Q4N"RID;7%!DUP6SWU?D'OKD!_9)FZ%"TT6P45E57[$E$9D@ '65E;I1PL<1V3U!;F_.>A'
M/E9QQT4$%Y55^9&/55,P5JFLRH]\K*+);7%5?@2IA"\+OF@KJ_(CGR 'Q&2].2YS]H,;A`I!?']`8=1$4$/+^O`B9PT3EXUW$4LQ?%.
M[PN*^U, /%+81`ZTS
M-'S\X>&O-F*@=2:&3ZHX?Q(1\R%:;TL/\;D4AVX1$1_]Z-E;\)'#,VP`2!%)
MG[QMFCAE_/%=RA`DYA/>5E3*X%-$]HRQXAZH?/[Y">XB*DC$'5;2=W`.+0+\
MK]N4T(BMB!!#,"\]^BG C",KXAY-$V%NXKKL3
MHS465> *EN,6.\I_B<8';S6;D>`*(6WM+9!NEC^>58K][_A=WR#,&4
M_^H'_TN\EAUX,=Z1!NOFX@?N3X:^V3?RQ_NO#=#"Z?["-JV%W
M.KRR3*]_->I/[Z_ZUFQZ?V^/ND9W]C^@#!^J?`M/Y3WAH<7LX +1QDAN;@_]<71OKY$,&G]U`"K#ASLK"B,ZF?.CSY/\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0":Q!"0\1L``"Y4```4````>&PO 6?1]@_N%`\$PD@))%7=Q.M^,&15$..Q:E$:ED,HUY*+*.I(K)*J8N
MEI6G_,,\-3`#^%OR*?F266OO4W>2DIU,]P!]L8KGLL\^^[+VI>K5GS\LYN:]
MC9,@"K_:ZN[M;QD;SB(_"&^_VKJ>G.V^W#))ZH6^-X]"^]76@TVV_OSZG__I
M59*D!G/#Y*NMNS1=_O'Y\V1V9Q=>LA B??FO[%:'S]=C( F8X:B_UQSC5NJ#+;$W!SM\^\%\8Q^:
MXWI@G"_,.YM[M\U?^UD<8P5S%B0SK/*]]6(RRYQZ:8NJXM23AV7KQ^[^[C?-
MQ8L)ES8.(M[K%#V#VC_6]
M7;>"+&_ZN(W;*&[=[7CAS;&]*=?O1XNE%[8&.K+QZP+J,DZCV;N.&=]YL4W,
M19:*?H.\-<>XS*;S8&;.YI&7-H><>',OG%DL!M5>IXA533MLKM"_OKH:C":F
M-QX/)N/6KUYRUWPVN9CTWIK-\W3,FC7=CF^'O9/AV^%D.&AMVYN)84K,I??@
M3> >#T;]%92,)Q?];[Z^>'LZ
MN!I_808_9C!^S9TO8WMCH_/,=DQWOX-'_*])
M].*]++V+XN`GZW=,\3"@(OAB:*/U@N$$:=-N&[!+.@)?0J7+6;&9O!OUT/)]\W=].A%6&0&Z]-73.SH5F74%;X
M,IL&,-0[ZS2-]L6*M8]N8)M"Z&8`EEQ&B7#'K/=,+1DJ9*=YI-;(ECP]=89>
M]%-'/U4>UQ)>E]I'J5XY?#7)*X=NH+=V31=+&WN4W767>K@1QES9]S;,6A9J
M;./W`0RS^[EC0MN2XXO+P56/IL`;&X*XN=@#SU\$HA_8.E[610QTY634RIV7MWK@Z
M-:=FUTR]!%Z2!LT/YAG,1W/6=S:XO:-9\8"WO5MKPFPQQ0)052>,%9$Q?A83
M,4#E#78A?GK"%C7!ZL-WTFO?KQ.L?F_\M3E[>_%=G=F0AUY_,OQ6/.,?FZ?(
M^=Y\/EPL>6@@^@4O5B2Z.:9_YX6WP!RPS@@2*/4XH9 [E[7JYVSZ113G^=@*)A6!&['AV([-`BKL&-L^&H!Y>\F1M]
M=3(X-7!X,,VHQ\V%(6\S:_W$W,31PB3>W/+*P2>",?&AS1D%_2*J/LYP0J@I
MYAP<6W\&"BRBA:M!;SPPS\WVZ4#_O8.GAM?=W$E$0$`(3T\?]FWOK2*3B3D9
MO!F.1N3`Q9F!K1A>G'[2_`'`S=J9XVRYG(NO@EGP$7]`F3/H,5@3@B\S"F\0
MOK>)",F_>HOEG\Q-P0($5^X:6X(B%R\@X#%#T!R96D",U%BU3*VC1F$2S0-?
MD$%-T012W$5S'Z'`%^940+VZ!$/&G0NA7[%3L@6KX:
MA"(4;O!X8XQ4'][)W048O'':^`FF9M68=8=["P>/0R'6(/&S*$F3)K/Z$2)2
MZ"8TN+C5]5B[?B[3.,]1 H`89KLN$BOO7"X"?%C",D%-1JGF1)$/*&"$'>1+PBG'QFXY9#^N0%
M-ASDXNI-;S3\#\#(BU''C'J3ZZL!C?[)]7@X&@#&T;F\N:`309S;'UR-FL<9
M74P&IFM^_?F_S&]?;+O7LA35TS;WEDP;Q".;T\OLF>U??_[O"1`7`/T2>91?
M?_Z?'7/O0>CC`'81V98'_%.X#Y\,0TQT)JZ`TCZR[SW?,Q!]&,R(R*Y[K#9S
MSU065:3J`P8M;#P#(H+SXV7QV@`C'"TF40"?F#0R_=B[20%TL>0TMO /$[A(Q8/8&[11+*W`?IG2-\5JX:A'Z&M1ZX
M66Q33[):LD>$(P*B5D1.M@H!:*R_9[Z[PU!A@V.9\2.N0[.U^:J1-IA8QD=D%HL.`I9>L@-L4Y
M811@])0]#F*"I:WLZ?9)2TPV:DR/=H_&U@IBS[/&G=K)[SPF3@A.FPD$3G[V
MXKAS>-05IF:$I0[AY$@89,JP@Q>=[G%7L2)/_," :0B)K`
MVWHT)V3?KHT&P&>
M5*GTHVR*[/\4\5&5X[_^_#=L*!"X6@:QGD#0>^E9,()[1!(H&8E6'('%R
ML$!3)0E$5@06W)MG/F:'#\;S?X!",),B"H@$&]V:;+X$RP/D!,U-)J;7PB'B
M)Z@]F0N9AUC&.56BU',P)4`F22TV;L&%/&`TIW@+ECQ`,@U`;:Q(1"4HPG#X
MR(7WD-^H1!15#`H9CQ66XWL,VF^VM:[G&V@-+#'-^8<7`;"GM1R'")6U)_
M25.#PW_^S`UN;WQ]?MZ[^IZ>;CQ\,QJ>#?L])K'[_8MKR>::RXNWPU4)77%W
M!^+N/G\1B5S(>_D'T0;2O!36YF$G%0Z#O4D@Z%KC*B?=E`*Q'[F3@X!!L"5&
M5I,16VL0J[*2ADN#>86KN8-D+&$Y[A"2^Y21*928,1O-B".FI>O7$$Q "E0[VRQ)`AV
M2N:IB:"XQU(+P@:YUI?F@%.KRLZ_ZX&Q*@AHAS$LLB:_?*Q-4I5FE)K;^Y6<
MXN+KZ(DUI:@6R47#L)*0"1J%XA#"4O`F`@Y`2B)3=P)'D^`2LCF)9ZR0N[((
MEU_P::^FM<7CZB::]>):L*=@V!0V7DS;RO/DQIOD=:3H44@*LOA:'4$V4/DF
MIA9FJY6PPF8(:AIR&[,&O=U7U3"-`SZ]\18!Q$YF'O"!E,VM/D"&-8KY\+GLD+YV,`6[50K;
M9QX@#Q:`IUL@)0;\KZK,.ZW\!LDJE6L8PC!G,FZ3C?#\2)2A-^Z;2;2$%7]Y
ML-_15;^5'J^/HO6)88O$M5JHG4"87"]X41'?$T "@*"6DV`!@)Z]O)7 ?(D+;3C6^A`W/3W1WJ,JB^P*4J*L""/V81C82$9V+%)!^%ZQ"\K:>!
MJ87SG4$K2G=?T]3W@-FL0#'NI=A6[M)0?QMBF+Y6F@Z>1!/YF000-:#'TE;4
M[`NX4B>[TS@7URA/\:0% 0!"91X5Y,RB.(ZF$?&&F(=RFKL(LM%;P\;#.ALK E6Y>ONT%0*Y6A%J1K,(
MD&I5+GL". @R#8B]'7HE#3:0:NR9.+?83("+I7;(W@>X^Y>\0S1!8,%O-M`N[H-O>Q*>RI`!+R67328,1-\`%B
M(4[4IA:((%2!@E]!WC&!)!G[GN(]$T_)R*TD'0$-2EW8DDNZN)2+8C+1A5L8
M-I]A00[V87`Y'"A:\PDDTE69.9?E"Y3'I@0=0`CP::W+VAZT+F5L;Q^UVAKI
MXAX@1NAG`1,M
MA4EU#@QS%3)L!6,X ',?&7S)4I!I3JB^`#UY8:^4;XD-M%S"+5VJW2$"
MI#W6UM40$TF111L+*@B&4;5F95RQ3FN)?P=J\_TV4)THN1NK@77B/VTQW`19
MKK=43&U5(PMO1S_`H'@)IP?#)PD&.09UR+EV4LH4(;Y&V.+0
M*I5AN'3X%'-&D]1'SV,1HROT^1_BX:VPZ.S?86@4[Q]];.GKF6J;7''4*>
M!M14$%WS^U#%BO4B3;P-ETT@1F6@!G;2,F%ZJCD^00I0!`75^MO4IO>6(3KG
M:VT,:H$"X?"S'!1PGE\:S45O%N*E/
M!F*$R\09E_#]R`%464+,P9`E7WE:I&2P.5B-6G,Z9^9RY?UQLS*?\Y3;9/AF
MF,5%/9_4%L<3@U_X*/Q4/Q(L#6OZ`GE!? 38Y+
MSMQ0+<=*C&R`TB0[R5MER'FTOW?\Y;_`Q:W%UE7CT'0?@_SN*M1L3Y%XO`G2
MG>*(#C%3TIG]1CZLMGEST6?-!]L'!YWN8:M2U+(PVT>=PR_WF[,G9+;+^MWD
M-.6A/N0O9/;;(N>=:IX0/*Z 0>M"J./DC."(;OV?'+SDMT9M80
M#PJM8$S%+U0-8WH71]GM'7K7#X\(!<3:$':*F2SNAM(C_)4K:VRJ[.!U@:!<
M)\NC*8`-I
M1( `_G8):*[.4HS6U!%OU,-6<>1R&@$LI<5/-/
M';\A7WXUZ*.KJ)8?O[H8(5?>'T@C=',KR9(?2I;\4Z ORZ(VOY1_BY7A8O"JN"FU#QRCWSN)9`F\X;&P54Q*&-$D_C_
MV$+F9/WY2%%3Z@?"2ZH65?EQ47>1&EVT`")'2[NY,'F_2)R+R#_-TTVA6>
MUB)3A7YT\2Z]"4U7$]W12L,-$W>:()*(2J##`'8(9C>.\G!ACC!P`OH=3C6621(,`HIG[H,I
M9I<4KFBCVVWUCT[;B)=7\3I7KR($*D6\+I^Y_CG*=$_B&@:C3R.S;JF0F$]?
M#VL6IV9M-/*D&L.\X"4Z(!=SK0:$O28XO_28(!>F5FG_2TF'Z28L-+A:0\!"
MP=^AWI`[-S$(?=0O^!H;$I4LY? KW7RQ_?%PI)>1N9B)P$^4ICU+D>'$\J6RJ
M#0>/-/LAJ=E9"$N0&6ZLK]X!G8O"&UGC&Z1:1V
MA2/L'B+!O.(4`BT@X*R*B0_=Y6N- V^]=VS%PY\B ]C^)WXD_1=`&Q
MDQQ*?G9>6!!5+A7G-(5:8[J\>EZJFO1CW`N94%+P4Y
M=.LRQOGY<09)`M#,,-SPPE!KX$A+2>B78_=IT52--C[XZCS6ROL#7Y`'%%_2
M!@U':FA1`'^:7@B1&('2>.G2%,@"D?H59="L?I[TX:&DPP-R!C05L_$+#,2%
ML&"#_B^<3F-'7%[9-5>%631H)5MA^'S!NU4W4!2H?V^?V#WXQ_K$/N0[?Z-%
MS(:VC=<>;SNC^8?N2[/SIVI(1 R(5/+Q1JH;V.[;0T`A.4)P2187(
M]21!``LDOF0BA4366D2S:5 *CSE0)>^'41_%MY5QZ'0UH::=]Y](`W
MS+2NM*N%4;P)5/BO$FQ#V)6UY(LGO'5&5Q7*RPMZZK.4M[*CMNPD^#1"(KJL
M'2U3K-)FN!@083A,KKQU5ZHG)H`N>0._Z+'\U+UI\82HSR&"C5DI4B4$X(AW
MZB (+I$"AQ])HY8WM'!L)Y!%N.^0(=A0"7&S)
MV(MU 2I(TXB47D'J"D,AYIPC1
MD>^5%^[S[N?BO().R`"-XW,VN`P4S&[=!`]R:,R&4:=F5(-2'JO\LO`S('W;
M8X!>">4$C&)/=Y^BB1`E7`6@-5UPU?0T3H=!V],=2$4M.&RL*+%%54+P8068
MN%P\'$YCV=4*.N6XZU(!U#'('DX:
MVOOZ\6@WY)Z@1G3@P$2,"2J'@H9Y`($"0'#GKHM*Y=-U@Q,E*'N(R>0Z%(I@
M_+5&A/]79W-Z#$.`W*&V;*@M0,M#T>?,TY.+\/_R_A?.AYY?OIZQ$ZM$5YG>4DGZ##E4PN^CSDNPX`P9*>V"[Q)N]\@*@>
M[[? L0O`KO55.=05\:K-]B4'+-!Y`:,Z7\N,_U?>QUGPV
M8\60#1GLZCGIC;P3=6DFM!]AI97?B@EDQ8/(":T
M'(X=O4WGESA&WJ`]UP) ,[3WV$97C3X0,:FJ2SZ>(&Z3%`AZ96/?T]%K.=O]'2JB]^RB(3
MEI&3]A+X>)N?(7V*\Y4H3NLM15>+B!'27&AG(M1IG:6R!F[TL6:!YO3JBYKX
M+AKJN$+-^O=:\7T#>5=Q_2NZG['DQ'[@JPPM!LF;-@`J`B/+)$GS$)]R%8]1
M_QEK&=37UGP.[W-6RYGQ>ZR9K]7DV&_H^&DN=0$/` #VS07Z1> -%FHM=.H!R60"4OYX+4&M]@/(33U=N]!S?^WS]OP(```#__P,`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0"6M9` &PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULE)9=;]HP&(7O)^T_6+XG'X1`082J2=>M4B=-TSZN3>(0BR2.;%/:
M?[_7-J4X4`9<0(*/CY_WV+$SOWUI:O1,A62\37#H!1C1-N+SI_F6B[6L*%4('%J9X$JI;N;[,J]H0Z3'.]I"2\E%
M0Q3 ?YIJ&MLB:"UD0!OZQ8
M)]_ C2E&33Y[7+5 9N;(_N&
MY8)+7BH/['P+>ESSU)_ZX+28%PPJT+$C0 _+6BZ?%I@O`2IB&Y\5H-/>?(;E\)TF/)4-7D9U0
MC/<2'[#V;%#Q(9M./8*Y.\^H.X$.HW?&>&]ORDBM9&32U75E!W\X`.!R"'!^
M8"U.,%B]#_Q>EQW82J8FN?#+H)==]F&S`S6Z!DJ+>U"37AI6,K90@?VXDNRL
MQ(Y7QY8EK7Q3\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0# &PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULE%==;^HX$'U?:?]#E/>2.)^`@*I0
M=?=*>Z75ZGX\F\2`U22.8K>T_W[''@JQ:0J\`(E/CL^:-0I).E91!?KECK?R@ZTNKJ&K:??\TMX5HFZ!8LTKKMX-
MJ>_5Q?3;MA$=75<0]QM):/'!;2[.Z&M>=$**C1H!78!"SV.>!),`F!:SDD,$
MVG:O8YNY_T"F*Y+[P6)F#/K%V5[V?GMR)_9_=;S\AS4OE>\2"7JWP@B!RHD
MB0XD,:@_K$>C:)R2-+O,$J`B$^`C570QZ\3>@ZJ!/65+=0V2*3!_'A&$HK$/
M&FP>`;$2TO"ZB-)9\`K.%0?(\A.(C5A]@LB.D`!D';5!Q-=KTV#PU?=.VO(C
MK9&_1$AB7-7QK'HWK(V!Y?J--7CN`]5IX[&S,4)RXU@<9E%BKZ_ZZVD8AL=E
M2U5RBRH-=E1-CK1H!T*R057]]6%54,#7>Z7!MJKX%"RJ0LBPJO[ZL*KL%E4:
M;)=.3!RO$-(KG=X-*TGY+1MKL&-'Y&R,$+2#D'%^.BK&KA6N0ZJ.U1?'1PI+
MF7X977W2-=A1YA3M$B'#RG#]&F636Y1IL*/,[4$(&=@9;?L28ME&X&UQO6\&
M[=22D[+E`=,KIOX=>W.G/>L73P(GX$*;QA;;;TFQVPL)8KXTZ6N,+52WTEYU
M::$9.'=!*#9@2ZC;.PEB$M.FTO14W)A(>SDZ=1-;WDT=G9RW]-AMG@
MAIG3,586($ZCR>G\V-(@!7WG+CBFT7;Y)Z>8L8,2Q'R=6L2@_#L8)X=>.GK,
MN4$>=N=^0A/'F*5AA.HP";U+LW'F')"5C2#AF`QY=U.;)]BS+7%NNSU@#EUM
MG"=..:XLP/#[!Z91RS9]'N++Y^'\A9`X!;\TS'-_>)BP`)\HQ"D7A\"6;MEW
MVFUY([V*;4!D.,HAAQW.N'BA1&N&OK50,)N:GSOX+\)@@@I'`-X(H3XN]!1]
M_'>S^!\``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`$NFC4[B`P``/`T``!@```!X;"]W
M;W)K O__.=Q ,%1J
MZQ^UKM=!H-(C*ZF:BII5\"07LJ0:+N4A4+5D-&M>*HL@"L-E4%)>^89A+2_A
M$'G.4_8@TE/)*FU()"NH!OWJR&O5L97I)70EEI**L@:*/2^X?FM(?:],
MUT^'2DBZ+V#=KV1.TXZ[N1C1ESR50HE<3X$N,$+':[X-;@-@VFTR#BM`VSW)
M\JU_3]8)6?G!;M,8](NSL^J=>^HHSE\ES[[SBH';D"=-]W^S@J6:99`YW\.,
M[(5XQE>?X%8(050#P"#JOR[,?811`ANF?]Z%?&S2]J?T,I;34Z'_$N=OC!^.
M&B(MP`9T8YV]/3"50AH@UC1:(&LJ"J"`HU=RW$]@(WTUZGBFCUM_MIPN5N&,
M`-S;,Z4?.5+Z7GI26I3_&A!IJ0Q)U)+`[]D\CY93,@^75W#,6@[X;3E(=*F0
MP"RJ\>N!:KK;2''V8+>";%53W/MD#<2=.68IUJ[_ S"3?`"24E;1&P0.$(,PCNP_VL5)AW"%K*X1@N"AD%M'B$&@(_EN,B'19`;%
MDF-938B#33JL*PF_>;W"_CQ)"!Y*(DX.8@/I;Q?B5G`' EIT(X4)U3<8@8) A)>CU'#.;FEFK9/+`$E84RDO%"6=-`BSV
MKAV>VZG6/H`QM*8']H/*`Z^45[`<7@VG*TBI-(.LN="B;B:YO=`P@#:G1_B7
MPF``"J&PO=V]R:W-H965T F1H] >CQ%OF B* UBB/0O$D>(1FVQ]PX#%P'3)*,(>MS2#`@
M"`@>5(.3IZI?3O,@SH*M.)NN57OC7IPJ"=/A.SUD_0)D0(R4@&>G2JQ_$>S2
MUQ7918`[L2((CY4ZD0X3#ZK7)R]&"N+_46`791BJ',((XOE0H5/@,+,^SHLX
MFOOC^?5H/@R#Z)CX2"` V19\%36D= [/9/#E^;;\^F&.8U6]?J]/D2]&T97U>
M&];#U)@4Y[S>E>?#VOC[ 9:?Z7*R-;T5K_+;Y]9?5>]V\ML>B
MZ":@6FY6I7?(E=ES>O;Y5->
M5Q>0>"E/9?>M%S4F5>XFAW/=9"\GF/=7:Y;E7+O_@N2K,F_JMMYW#R!GTH'B
M.2_-I0E*F]6NA!D0VR=-L5\;SY:;VHYA;E:]0?^4Q7LK_7_2'NOWJ"EWOY?G
M`MR&=2(K\%+7KR0TV1$$C4W4.NQ7X,]FLBOVV=NI^ZM^CXOR /4L2!\
M\E*T75@226.2O[5=7?U+@RPF145F3`0^F0C(W=@6>ND'`)^L[>/-;1>L+7RR
MMM;=8X\?/N\>^Y*UA4_6%D9RX[PM6.J^8_*?>T=OTE7LD\+/NFRS:NKW
M"5QIL$[M)2/7K>4289X.=/&&!/DH/R`QB,HSD5D;8`DL?0M)_65C/3VMS"^0
MB#F+V8[$J!$>CR!91V1]'00Z"'40Z2#60:*#5`(FV#)X`SGY?WA#9(@W?%9;
M#H19MF8$C^!-?!T$.@AU$.D@UD&B@U0"BA'.B!$.),OXGL%S@K2"W4'."=M2
M)[IE,?U^UR^YAXB/2(!(B$B$2(Q(@D@J$\4"V*F47+@^=1(-5Q3X*5T/2VWN
M+&@V)(9'B;T8B(](@%J%B$2H58Q((K=29@K[JC)3NB,\/`+OCF7^NJWI]C[B
M@`-7/MT/B$AO`,_@+2/2;!D1:^]38L-^+FR;:=M(,`1QZ1"1")$8D021E!*K
M'Y!B"6S2V!*XZS%'/M>7?B.]W1XBJ-K#B&0/(Y(]E-A/_?YJ3ZV9FE#!\/O@
M#-*($(F'5F37!E5'54V&W[EJ*FLH/L'"(9_ZU21YPUT:R1NH''CB$`G5&4:(
MV :WM4.*JD[=@1"Q(#B$>;:0-(6!!\
M2`/05B`=51(#4):`E.GZ_=R! L6(DJ'SN9IJ
M'@L2">)38MN#>P$C9!N%`FHY6RY4D7#HB=L;(=D8R2:*[,Q9ZG[)JHI?I""\
M:MAMUW0OHUK&D4@=#R.?(U$[!0S9]#Q!BL001T4)>4/0S; I\H]:8G%Y>N(C
MMD8 TQY?)]CZK3I`R]YO2-64>K6<5JBAQQ3_5(C0:7LX1\
MC`*,0HPBC&*,$HQ2!:E>D()4]N+Z/@ZUB[XY,205E1Y&/D8!1B%&$48Q1@E&
MJ8+4.9/2](XYLTI6OJ0HDA;5LQ#R,0HP"C&*,(HQ2C!*%:3.&2Z6>^9,POL=
M5;KT]7U]2Q[KD"BIJ&1(R@8?HP`W##&*Q:+$'=/G2-Q7`X[DC!KD^2PC'B6T8HZ$5L*0O>PK
MQI'23FFCFD6J/MFL[]Q96)$HF\(0#%[4'PNM_O`L%B5*,9\CI2$ZF[$H?G)P
MGIZTFB@4.L(VU%LLHJ1AZKTE:F]C3@ZSA .KQ*)$I/D/RT8(A\M1.6BQQB.SWQ)!K*3W.M:B(1XD>8]QC,MKC7#_; E2='JW!?V9/A'.$7C!QI&3G0ANWQZ.DM&;(`4EAL9YH`8^"NE.*TNMQ+B].
M*Q%'HL>8:UWM,>%15WM,N7S?H^HZ*9'EG4+/[]NV5 &J_^-;")4435H.2Q`V@$,"_0$D!;<9^@1>KSZ/]PPO7_FF"UON6
M#'BDART,=VR&SS/WF9;:NI`%2G#$PX/=6J!%:S^MC3=SX=D_;A'-7'B6C[D_
M=^&!]@A?N/!8&/,8G!WCGC5WR8D`MX!RWR7U/?YE:\U@%OVHS&$:\,KXDAV*
M/[+F4)[;R:G80\I,^T=M#7WI3+]T[-GY2]W!RV*X_\$K2/CC@`*>0$S)`_9]
M77?\"W1M#G]NL/D/``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#O"[L &PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULG%==CYLZ%'ROU/^`>-^`(7QL
ME*3:9+5MI5[IJNK',P$G00L886>S^^][S"'$-BEB^Y($,Q[& [F+;XB*ILJ1@%5W9;Y3;G]8?/RS/K'GF
M1TJ%!0P57]E'(>J%X_#T2,N$SUA-*[BS9TV9"+AL#@ZO&YID[:2R3[5=RDK:Z#8
MY44NWEI2VRK3Q==#Q9ID5\"Z7\D\22_A73L]V^]SGHGCRO;#61"Y/@&XM:-L
M_(T@TE$AB=>1P'='0H+9W`NB^#TL?L6-NQL0>^!
M ",JD1VD0^]..Z6
MG`0XQ8KPOJ='C0B9]Z*WRH`F8*X+&'^P!*]L6%Q?@\@U'HR0J*WA'7%C,MF6#$'SLS6;2`%X4_DW8O2YL6LWD)*-F1N)L$*+43!G0G"&P
MJ:=;TZ(-;ZZ68[MTF'G;K'HBY2+QAEPH8DRAS5)$XOOD(IJXF
MS4SJ#H/2;IF'''C?"T+ONDET\V2P*LHFFH=QK"J,C?)M"&)&`Z+#W%B%+M)(
M]8DBA_$>F_$NSUZP6V\(Z'I0O>^[?[?QG^*=#/,]-O.]PRAAH8[H-KTKXLDP
MXV,SXSO,>`U'7P2ZP' IT CA6E4
M=5SLXA,OTHWYF5;FM^VOOZPOO'RMCFE:&V"AJ#;FL:[/*\NJDF.:Q]68G],"
M5O:\S.,:7LN#59W+--Y)I?QD36Q[9N5Q5IAH854.L;RN'Q].X\2GI_!Q$MVRNI/:=0T\F3UXU#P,GXY0=P?
M;!HGC6WYTC&?9TG)*[ZOQV#.0D>[,2^MI066MNM=!A$(VHTRW6_,[VP536S3
MVJXE0?]FZ:5J?3>J([_\5F:[GUF1`MN0)Y&!%\Y?!?3'3HA`V>IH1S(#?Y;&
M+MW';Z?Z+W[Y/ B-("1
M^$,^+]FN/FY,9S9VY[;#`&Z\I%4=9&]A+F1J@[B.M^N27PS8+\!V=8[%[F,KL"MRZD!EW,\I)%/H?!=*4A70
M%13B^W;AKJUWJ)U$0;P[D)D.\>]`YCHDN`-9Z)#P#F2I0Z(N9&E?(180<64#
MJJK-1C\+`KPQX?/*PI)=S4JB/(1`>5PACJ-#_,>0X#$D?`R)>B$:"[`_VBP,
MJPFA1-B8Z*%Z")G*_2SJR&\$7],3-!#13H1.2`512Z!%`:P_'X50(E&0A'D(
MF DWJW DNV@31],J""D`JBED#SGL'Y/SQU$DW\)U7D
M*0S6V8C9W?PI1%^(P0!,.``3]7FC$R$&A\$US'#,@&/VVEB69%CQ%.;6*/7&
MZJMU=7AT6H^F[KB3)=D&H0:XVWQTA)X*/7@Q+PP/'JD`00=G;`CB=H2/08Q
M&0R/`>V2^K?5XC^
MM/;..RJMCS%1GS $"^7SO$A_2,N#UE1&:=T#SW4'L^AYY9X:X@O
M-3_+2Z077L-MG_QZA-O=%/[EVV,`[SFOFQ=Q+WF]+][^#P``__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`"````"$`I,@;%Z8"``">!@``&0```'AL+W=O ?:E]7UBZS1,]=&J";#)(@PX@U3N6C*#/_Z>7\UQ\A8
MVN2T5@W/\"LW^'K]^=-JK_23J3BW"!@:D^'*VG89AH957%(3J)8W\*506E(+
M4UV&IM6 Y[P(%R$PK5>Y@`R=?[\%GQO!N_(5&K_18O\
MFV@XF`UE#J1H$P!-)X4X&&$)?NG$O )(&R2R:$("C+3?V7CA*
MC-C.6"7_>!!QHGJ2^$`"XX&$),$T3F;S_V&9'%A@/+*D'V8)?5Z=37?4TO5*
MJSV"HP?*34O=029+8#[ZX[/I'?N789"D([EQ+!F&.P->&"CR\YHLR"I\ALJP
M`^;68^#98Y)D#-F<0TXD(0CN58.30]7O5_,HSH&=.%<2I_;6+PR5Q.D;)>]`
M>L1("7@V5.+\F\`IO:S(!0%N8`59Q#V_%^DQTU[U9K`P4C`=*[B\LP-G&++K
MBS`]6>PW]I!95\4K$LW)=*QL,P(DZ3P]F3<2!A=D:,UE80X\%D86D_'&MQYS
M0=D($,_2V5MEOD_X"R"Y+OF&U[5!3.U;N.LP_0=H#RTM^2/5
MI6@,JGD!H5$P@\VU;S!^8E7;7:^MLM`8NMF%1 ;.]]3FN8)347.(O^-*?]^^?'#XB#DL]HQICU@R%7D[[0NYD&@
MXAW+J!J(@N7PST;(C&JXE=M`%9+1Q!S*TB`*%.;%E\#5U&Y?.^N(E%5@#%FJ= S@ZK\]M1.'#Y+GGSC.8-J0Y^P`VLAGA'Z-4$3'`Y:IY],!WY(
M+V$;ND_U3W'XPOAVIZ'=$\@($YLG;X],Q5!1H!F$$V2*10H!P-7+.(X&5(2^
M1GX(CGFB=Y$_F@XFM\,1`;BW9DH_ CNAO,?`0]O>P.#P&N
MF@09EOPV`HL9F[)7\QK_CT,\!+V!K,YE(Z3A\0B"Z"N@GK1A5*ZO+H*-][*\
MUM).;NI"B^`ZK;6T:6]=:!% I)C+N3((!R\(;HAC=KZLC#2>VH@R:S-74P
M-P1^N GK@I&-P$#-\IP=']58>UX8I\NO/TO,2:E_*=CFW&W#&Y)9]8FFJO%CL$.874M
MK>5'P *R]E&^`"*%/-^B@_-!;_@,``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@`
M```A``];?50K`@``K`0``!@```!X;"]W;W)K 4X"D*,>,=4*;HZQ]^^;B9+C(RE74E;U?$<
MG[C!#\7;-]F@],XTG%L$A,[DN+&V3PDQK.&2FD#UO(,WE=*26CCJFIA> *[27OK(=HWE(+]9M&].9"D^PU.$GU;M]/
MF)(](+:B%?8T0C&2+'VN.Z7IMH6^C]&4L@M[/-SAI6!:&579`'#$%WK?\XJL
M")"*K!30@;,=:5[E^#%*GQ),BFSTY[O@@[EZ1J91PWLMRH^BXV`VC,D-8*O4
MSDF?2_<7!).[Z,TX@,\:E;RB^]9^4(@7LZBV?S?%.(K&AM<4TN+3*L!P=)`3M-3MX)1"F37V?2OG4%+
M+N;1!8VAH#8PC4,1A?.,',!"=M8\W6OB7Q("V5]*@+2W)20PHC^;>RG!!8&-
M&%V5L+@IP6NFXVBO$T+4_R=T03D&Y%7"Y4U"KUF-CB1!^/L5O9LD+WIO@%\X
M/X^>UOP3U;7H#&IY!5G"8`&3T'[=_,&J?O1]JRRLR?C8P%>!PU#"`,254O9R
M&ULE%=;;YLP&'V?M/^`>"]@ X#BECEM#R$+E_?C]<7;N.D+A,^VL?E';;A$(%JNT.)VGD
MWJ+-73AS_=U6-^@O)2?1^>Z(C)V^ RSQ
M;LO9R8%Y`UM46)T>M`'AX5P@"<6]5>3(A?,(800T\'F'EM=;_QF*CFO.G>'`
MYQNG9?@0M(T,T<9'5F05675%I7)G@&Z8M
MOLG` B&FN@^F`(6]=6X5G`6M2;W,5J@E]1H,$< 2^;(W8NJLINHK GIT#KN>_6'FKB_-0-_9#U`C,
MH#.A=X[=NA_VX^.FR/U0!K&K07!TN^5\K*O9?>$&&I!6SNUTZH)T[?/PS9+(
M0`/*9U97,Y@':P^.PH4@M N;=M5KJ$!Z4F^52^0L[-30P/*9]8=[P5D^[B!^H.8OS.(2>9&MKMK:*"F
M`7^'UVC$\Q;9!F^@?DV+=VJ:9'%D>[R&[)K"22;7[+[)&VA`>I+)0]OD-32@
M/R]<47;6@[O('Z0U@.#P'VM0D^U.RS5AG3=^HQ^YM9D@K"#^0+R7/AQ.RH
M=K,0UIX6;??&6^WL P^@0>6#YE3#87\+3RV_\"N_\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0`E&PO=V]R:W-H965T 8_V#X_<2NJR]( V^
M_?O9+)$E;BZV;?4Y+^W.XB:E;W-+^B25I/=___WAV\FON\>G^_WW#Z>S=^>G
M)[OO=_M/]]^_?#C]GW^8OUV>GCP]WW[_=/MM_WWWX?2/W=/IWS_^^[^]_VW_
M^//3U]WN^41&^/[TX?3K\_./Z[.SI[NONX?;IW?['[OOTO)Y__AP^RS_?/QR
M]O3C<7?[Z=#IX=O9_/Q\??9P>__]=!CA^O$M8^P_?[Z_VW7[NU\>=M^?AT$>
M=]]NGV7]G[[>_WC*HSW [_*G^V_WSW\;B[
M]E^^[Q]O?_HFNG^?+6_O\MB'?V#XA_N[Q_W3_O/S.QGN;%A1:KXZNSJ3D3Z^
M_W0O"F+:3QYWGS^ WN__R]5GF
M>R62HK+K3W]TNZGMS]\O2\?_B_(>B@Z#C((@TB?_,@RQK^,R7UB.M!ZZR=_4;;Y^L8.T'CK(W]1A-8I[84$7J9_\
M?9L@V9X."Y*_4P1=I6[R-PN:OYM?KF:KUU(QDTHY+#'^SUNTG0T3?ZBC[O;Y
M]N/[Q_UO)[)URM0^_;B-V_KL.@Z6*VA(S[&F_JRDI);B*#=QF`^GHE^JY4DV
MA%\_SBXOWI_]*K5[EV(VC1@=L )?D9LX3,Q-5K7)8$S6O$I$CLA=NAKT-3`UL#5P-?`U"`50B9`M&XE82+&T
M=S.Y)F(OV:&4-3&?::&;%+,X)FEQVC9
MHB2?X_8P7U;:AZ"%[,[&H-E"!VV/0<=2`.E!#(@%<2`>))1$I4-6>D(Z8O0A
M'5G$9B"+8MY!.I`>Q(!8$`?B04))E%`Y=DP0&J.UT('H2:XK87L,ROGI0'H0
M`V)!'(@'"251VN7X-T%[C-;:!U).,D@'TH,8$`OB0#Q(*(D2&OUP>1!\>>..
MT5KH0,2-Y/G;@G0@/8@!L2`.Q(.$DBBAXC0F"(W16NA`RAD%Z4!Z$`-B01R(
M!PDE44*CE9F@]!"NI284+>:X>YZOJMWS&)6GOB/JB0R1)7)$GB@HI-,0K E]VJR*VHY18V:&X:5C1CVC#)$E 2$Z^#H*&)>K,
M1*\S(3.#-9(C>E[U33RZR^91;@Q$'5%/9(@LD2/R1$$AK3FZFPF:!S,DXXV:
MDS^2PV6Q46#JCU&Y8S4'F0BU R!!9(D?DB8)"6G,T2A,T#[Y*-)>[^:O:!R3W):55'`PN==1V
M=HP:JP&H9Y0ALD2.R!,%A51FYM.,XB%$G5$/9$ALD2.R!,%A;3F
M::YP?G2%>08W"6D+.*\*9#M&Y8X=44]DB"R1(_)$02&=AFD6KC"
MCE$]D2&R1([($P6%M.;HP]Z^(Y@/MJW8X^8"ZW/R;;@.@ MD&1+%U&N#[MBFJ*)2.
MJ" R!!9(D?DB8)"6G,T6!/F>?!C:IX'%$MI]':+ZN[-=GZ,&C=Q
MH)Y1AL@2.2)/%!12:8BWJ":DX1"NO5U"Y=03=40]D2&R1([($P6%M.9IWFY!
M;Y>03'V>U"U11]03&2)+Y(@\45!(:YYFY!8T::18U1/9(@LD2/R1$$A
MK;DV RJ8GG;Y6I24AM_7!M':-Z(D-DB1R1)PH*
M: B)#9(D CM$E)3/T05J&-43V2(+)$C\D1!(:TY&JRW>[O%
MX,?TI;Q%=<=FDZ+B1E;8O?IFYQ@U5L,PO'3,J&>4(;)$CL@3!8549I;3[-XA
M7-N]A(JIWQ)U1#V1(;)$CL@3!86TYFEV;TF[EU`U]56!;,>H/,\=44]DB"R1
M(_)$02&=AFD.CI`1O5$AL@2.2)/%!32FFL'^/*Q?DF;EU!YK"?J
MB'HB0V2)')$G"@IIS=,\W9*>+B$UST-4@3I&]42&R!(Y(D\4%-*::T_WEYW^
MDG8OH :*@D-8\S10NCZ8PS^`FH6KJJP+9CE&Y
M8T?4$QDB2^2(/%%02*5A- PFI>:;=8U1/9(@LD2/R1$$AK7F:
MW5O1[B6DC_7+^K;=&'7 :*@D-9 MIGNX0KCU=0N4\$W5$/9$A
MLD2.R!,%A;3FVM/]]5_QKNGW$JI\0'WI?XPZ;OY$/9$ALD2.R!,%A72*IEG`
M-2U@0JHL:`$9U1,9(DODB#Q14$AKGF8!UT:*@D-8\S0*N:0$3*@[Z6Z*.J" GW$E+S/$05
MJ&-43V2(+)$C\D1!(:VY]GO1!\3+(A/?SK&F$4RH,@'U;;\Q:MSV81=[1ADB
M2^2(/%%02.7G8IHW/(1K;YA040!;HHZH)S)$EL@1>:*@D-9<>\.7+P9 B)#9(D MQ='LY2UUDU"UB=?W]L:HW+$CZHD,D25R1)XH**33,,W97=#9):2FGLZ.43V1
M(;)$CL@3!86TYFG.[H+.+B&UB0]1!>H8U1,9(DODB#Q14$AKGF;C+FCC$BH$
M;HDZHI[($%DB1^2)@D):\S0;=T$;E]'R^/.K+5&74)&9GLBPHR5R[.B)@NJH
M-= I=K(SGK_=W/V_V$33?+;60%XL-KQN[H+O+J$Q%BAI_O]NEJ/BX
MR/A#MV5UA[L?H_(^T1!9(D?DB4)"\H8"&5YGIV7X9O)*OI2^Q_')(S(5.T
M?A6'CR&[LF$:N+CWY,2"/
M'-0P*F67M0.S$EU&JN.J
MNLO6YRA5AZOJ[HO)47JLZD*]S5'C2KB,=,=J)7R.TBM1S4;(47JL<27T;-3N
M]'#E4LKBE0F@2[U,2+;A<0)651%N5/-HV,=F
M-([L,AI']GGDV6'D*L%!==!YJAWM7]H-7M+H9J1GJ[ZFDZ/&DND2DD>'\T;7
M9Q3WN_)"QZOE575^:/(XX\]_;4;CT"Z/,P[M,QJ&7BZND+HD[3"R3EUMC.O4
MO7&;IV&^3&BR[U!9;>W8U3>?79$/9$ALD2.R!,%A70:
MHJM]^Q,WE\D$CT>[34)JZH>H`G6,ZHD,D25R1)XH**0T7]6N^N6I/X3K R!!9(D?DB8)"6G/M75_13,]Z-:!B4K=$'5%/9(@LD2/R1$$AK;GV
MH:]HIN&\2J@XFR3J$BJJH2 ,RE2DJ/'T
MMTM1KUR"&*/R/M$062)'Y(E"0HU+$%?1895[NX/1^6 7U6F/&)Q6$S&I?F,GIQ:5XO
MK97)E(##*:+.9+2*V%*G7DJ]&@QG^?*7C%35K:N+4]L$'"9C0NT;UI
MB3Y'O;C$D(=OU'?MN__:*?<5_7A"RJ?1CS.J)S)$EL@1>:*@D*K`V?DT0S[$
MZP++K#!AVP:3%YC'9:GW^LH;S,'D%>9@\@YS,'F).9B\Q1Q,7F->LDK^-&\^
M.Z EB&>(*)O+!1#Z8R`<3^6`B'TSD@XG\DE7R:P?_FOSDO"6AXY%A79F>
MS>Q\"-._%EW7=Q:*L*)&CETSDR2!29+`)$E@DB0P21*8)*ED59+DP*^VJ->2
M%./K_>G`BGJ0_2F8U`B8R`<3^6`B'TSD@XE\,)%?LDK^-!-L_`I->1BI3C#DLS"ER4M?^2.3#\,@3KX,`R:?A@&3
M;\.`R<=AP.3K,"6K,A+-V)2,#.9-9Z0T=`>I(A^L:S"1CSB1#R;RP40^F,@'
M.WR9-![3AMW5('_XTNCPA .7W7;W[=O3R=W^E_@5T9E\;./C^R,?/G(J
MWP,:/W.*MO.Y?`)5O)HTRMAU.4-EV%=L.Y\9HFYU+F]180\.E=).[
M+XV6*^DD]RA:+9)FN9+?:I'1Y-RQT2+G5'']FN/)"4=L:XYX(=,FOTUNC'@A
MDR8_UVVUR+3(CUI;+3(I\@._5HM,B?Q`LM%R*7WD%C1;;M8+*8UFV 19JE:++$@>+VJUR,K)0SBM%JD6>52EU2*U(@]TM%IDDN11AD;+
MA >1?^C25KD2I/''>ZB-*
MY2'L5HLHE4>56RVB5![H;;2L1:D\]MIJ$:7RM&>K14JQK6 N2M4(T^2]$C
M[TYBR\WRXOJFF3=Y^9'T:2I=BE)Y]PY'D[?F2$M3Z4J4RDM;&GU6HE2>X6FU
MB%)Y`4BK1>I:WHG1:%F(4GE/:*M%],BK,ULMHD=>,,F6F\75]4TS;_*&2.G3
M5+H4I?*"0HZV68I2>6=?JT64RIOM6BVB5-[_UFJ1BI>WI#5:%K(& 98@Y]JK>U,%`X6LU8X
M$X7#W5RT2`7*A^&H7>Y$7\=[PZV6Y74O]SO9(G=.I4^K1;YU?]/ 3;[O/8NS/#\]?/-Y_B;=8AG\\IT?#Y^4__K\`````
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`"=UV;;\#``"Z#@``&0```'AL+W=O TC1/:"IR%OGO3/FWZ\^?5@ V!0JXB?Z=UL0P"%>]8
M1M5`%"R'?S9"9E3#I=P&JI",)N:F+`W"X7`:9)3GOE58RFLTQ&;#8_8@XGW&
M QR`J0>.8IU^]&U/>R>/FTS86DSRGD
M_4;&-#YJFXN6?,9C*938Z`'(!7:A[9P7P2(`I?4JX9`!EMV3;!/Y=V1Y'R[\
M8+TR!?K+V4%5?GMJ)PY?)4^^\YQ!M:%/V(%G(5[0]2E!$]P @^U;_$X1OCVYV&=D\@(TQLF;P_,!5#14%F$$Y0*18I+`".7L9Q-*`B],V<
M#SS1N\@/YP,R'D[!VWMF2C]R5/2]>*^TR/Y9'^*4K$;H-.#L-$;3P60V')'+
M(H%=CTGO@6JZ7DEQ\&!F(*0J*$X@68)P=SZ0"/K>H7/DPTS#6A4TX75-9K-5
M\`J%BYW/O?6!X\FG]`@@:!D9HET?&9TQ,E86EW)O#=4P87>849\PZ!SY5X_@+-""
M4X/FI+OVBWK4CT.A D'=/A"3]B
M31W*#:RQ!2/(\$($AW,U@C/5.W`& G%MO!LC>XYL
MTD#[PCRU@38"$*RC6KWX)6V`G:FM'#8(OOIY9&ZL5^9HJO,P[NY#V(MOX]V(
M=H[OL,'WQWTPW@WEDFN`K_8*"WM!;+P;TI;KCCXT(,8^3,>#BSB$;9R/IGH;
M)F?:T(MPQ+-!N#-U9-0@_$(;VEB')=:M-O1B.+3`5I^ESM2QZ`;#U^/0QCET
MIGH?IF?ZT(MPV$>T^F!-E93L3L%^2F=,;MD7EJ;*B\4>=P$A?!R7UG*' M"TW[>'EG=RY!^0_L'`JZ93^HW/)<>2G;@.;0?,=(N_>P%UH40`!L((2&38/Y
MN8,](H,/Y"%.]T8(?;S`-I>[SO5_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`@*%N
MF1<8``!)E0``&````'AL+W=O 8_V#X_<2NLLN7(,E!8HDBA1E@,#@S\^QV*HG1L2NPW;=_?Q8EJL3-CW&L
MG'EI=SYN4K46=5F2JJ0W?__S[NO![]N'Q]O=_=O#U:OCPX/M_ '
M__,/][>+PX/'I^O[C]=?=_?;MX=_;1\/__[NW__MS1^[AU\?OVRW3P &7IZ=OKX^.'F^^;.^N'U_MOFWOU?)I]W!W_:1_/GP^>OSVL+W^.'2Z^WJT
M/CX^.[J[OKT_'$=X_?"2,7:?/MW>;)O=S6]WV_NG<9"'[=?K)WW^QR^WWQZG
MT>YN7C+ OP^?[W&.Q@]*S9='ET -A^>GOX
M?O6Z7ZTO#X_>O1DS61,4I^&6W^S66
MAH\1J?,1>KMA"O[KX>#C]M/U;U^?_GOWA]_>?O[RI/G>2%)4]OKC7\WV\4:6
M:IA7ZTT _
M;!^?W&T_+!&E[&A:DOTL$7:9N
M^CL)6K]:7VQ6FQ]9L=*:,BPQ_L]+M!V-$S^L1\WUT_6[-P^[/PZT=6IJ'[]=
MQVU]]3H.-JU!HSW[=>I[JY36I3C*^SC,VT/IU]KRJ`WA]W>K]?&;H]^U[MZD
MF@^5&EMQ-57$%34.VY2@+8$K05VJ&8=6)E
MA7Y(-2=[ %YZK-86)3^S[:&8Y`]CT8G^
M9$4GUJ"K?=%^50!I01Q(!^)!`DB?$V.']L$+[(C5@QV3B`\C. .!4)CM14Z$AVH)NE7(`U("^)`.A`/$D#ZG!BA.M@M$!JK
MK="1Y#,*TH"T(`ZD`_$@`:3/B1$:PV]^Q'M^2X[55NA(3K3&S)OMJMQL]T73
MM#?U:;%[GJOV$TW4$CFBCL@3!:+>(&M#C#8O7]E78Q+2<6M2\R&A
M?,J)&J*6R!%U1)XH$/4&6 HWE$^4X['LJU+62H(6J)'%%'Y(D"
MD4XELP]A- ?(9PO?5"J@A:HD<44?DB0)1;Y#5',/)`LUC
MEC&:1Q3/(N==^7I3;N+[JLFL9@74$CFBCL@3!:+>(&M#C"X+;!B3CK$A#S]I
MZH&:>%E!6T"V(VB)'%%'Y(D"46^0U1Q3S`+-8^@QFO, M*!#U!EG-,=`LT#SF'Z,YCT1),U"S`FJ)'%%'Y(D"46^0U1R#S`+-8^XQFO=1
M*-O$5V?E)KZOFC=QH'8%Y(@Z(D\4B'J#K`TQYBRP84Q%QH8\**6I!VI60"V1
M(^J(/%$@Z@TRFM?+`MQ0;@-<0D6`*Z=^KMI//5%+Y(@Z(D\4B'J#K`W+`MR:
M`2ZA;+]]1=00M42.J"/R1(&H-\AJCC'GY:O[>DQ%^>J>4);6KH@:HI;($75$
MGB@0]099S D%DMD.0:5K5$CJ@C\D2!J#?(:HZA:X'F,:.9J1^1T0S4Q-A?!%HB
M1]01>:)`U!MD-0M4#SF-&,YA3;-+?9N 4U4$/4$CFBCL@3!:+>(*LYAJX%FL>,9C2GV&:G
M_K*+,XWH-S1!V1)PI$O4'&AG@[:8$-0[G->PGE6SU1
M0]02.:*.R!,%HMX@JWE9N#MAN$M(.Y9I4J^(&J*6R!%U1)XH$/4&6 &R9=_PG
MQ;WWJ[EJ6E$:HI;($75$GB@0]099A\HH^'S.B?=,BYR3D!8Q";PB:HA:(D?4
M$7FB0-0;9#7'&/;R'7\\CRTUC\AL_4!-ZIA5M42.J"/R1(&H-\AJCIEK@>8Q
MHN4'NQ.DMBNBAJ@E 0V<29[5C5$CFBCL@3!:+>(*LYIJD%4S^&
M+S/U(\HVWJL3H(:H)7)$'9$G"D2]04;SZ;(@-Y3;()=0/L]$#5%+Y(@Z(D\4
MB'J#K.8RR/WT`?Z4&2^A8NLOODQT-5?MMWZBEL@1=42>*!#U!EF'EL6^4\:^
MA,Q:P=C'JI;($75$GB@0]099S67L>S[4G#+;)91O_40-44ODB#HB3Q2(>H.L
MYF5![I1!+B$SSV-5AAI6M42.J"/R1(&H-\AJ7A;D3AGD$BHV\?([17/5O(DC
M[K6L Z4V2ZA;)ZOB!JBEL@1=42>*!#U!EG-R[+=*;-=
M0L74EU\SFJOFJ4? H.L# 4V[B643SU10]02.:*.R!,%HMX@J[F,>\\?V#?,=`D54U_>FYZKIGENB%HB
M1]01>:)`U!MD;5B6Z3;,=`F9J6>F8U5+Y(@Z(D\4B'J#K.9EF6[#3)=0GNF(
M&J*6R!%U1)XH$/4&6 *!#U!EF'EL6]#>->0F:M&*LRU+"J)7)$
M'9$G"D2]05;SLKBW8=Q+R&S]"'(-JUHB1]01>:)`U!MD-2_+=AMFNX2R2;TB
M:HA:(D?4$7FB0-0;9#4ORW8;9KN$B@-\>3M^KIHW<68[5CFBCL@3!:+>(&/#
MV;)L-Y3;;)=0/O5$#5%+Y(@Z(D\4B'J#K.9EV>Z,V2ZA8NK+V_%SU7[JB5HB
M1]01>:)`U!MD;5B6[ J>1-G@&.5(^J(/%$@Z@VR-BP+`8U5+Y(@Z
M(D\4B'J#K.9E`>Z,`2XALXDSP+&J)7)$'9$G"D2]05;SL@!WQ@"7D)GGL2I#
M#:M:(D?4$7FB0-0;9#4O"W!G#'`)V:/X:7G/?:Z:-W$&.%8YHH[($P6BWB!C
MP_FR`#>4VP"74#;/5T0-44ODB#HB3Q2(>H.LYF4![IP!+J%BZLL;KG/5?NJ)
M6B)'U!%YHD#4&V1M6!;@SAG@$C)3SP#'JI;($75$GB@0]099S _!GN6.6(.B)/%(AZ@ZQ%R\+=.H.LYF7A[ISA+B&S^3/ 0F6>&
M.U:U1(ZH(_)$@:@WR&I>%N[.&>X2*H[PY4WWN6K>Q!GN6.6(.B)/%(AZ@XP-
M%\O"W5!NPUU"^=03-40MD2/JB#Q1(.H-LIJ7A;L+AKN$BJDO;[K/5?NI)VJ)
M'%%'Y(D"46^0M6%9N+M@N$O(3#W#':M:(D?4$7FB0-0;9#4O"W<7#'=MGLF.5(^J(/%$@Z@VR_BQ+=A=,=@F9=8+)CE4M
MD2/JB#Q1(.H-LIJ7);L+)KN$S+;/9,>JEL@1=42>*!#U!EG-RY+=!9-=0F:>
MF>Q8U1(YHH[($P6BWB"K>5FRNV"R2ZC8Q,NO5LQ5\R8^CI6M("VK'%%'Y(D"
M46^0L>%R6;(;RFVR2RB?>J*&J"5R1!V1)PI$O4%6\[)D=\EDEU`V@U=$#5%+
MY(@Z(D\4B'J#K.9E,>Z2,2XAHWFLRE##JI;($75$GB@0]099S V/3^DNEN0KD5J6K^'6R3JN)C%^;O&9\6WT5IYZIIG^B(.B)/%(CZ
MA/0X/PUOW:D%OI4>0Y_,^ *_$L&]H)C2OEVU">K38L,:=G13SZ-BGF]`\LI_0/'*81EX-
M(QJFE>9)B$]EFO:Z-H)Q?VN7F)P>7I9
MG!^Z:9SYUQ?=A.:A_33./'28T#CTZ DQ;I-WCE7=A.;A_83FL0+'ZDV568U6QV4\+LUXT>%T',9N?WMF
MUZ1B#;C:E\WSW4PL/LLKVW:+*=:3H..'CT__,&7%"8J>#CV6Z1&HD[MZ/'1B
M\U+U?.@TW+-+U3.C7[)4/4 IG/2]-?M@:NCAG471TGEIVH5ICDCW79&B'Y8)*/\20?3/+1
M5_+!)#_O6\C_44A]82YC2%T=)V9<26P^RY8K(_O!I8ZL;$I7,FK?=6(R"DQ&
M@ M4Z_\LL?$1GW#6:A>YI'RXSRZWN:1HN?^FDIQKJV7>^PKIL^IMWOD(]G5;'CS
M!]S+KJ:],(FF-XCD5XE6$],>/@OQQ9FS7!P#H1[6/WUBO0$EL3FQZQ4HB9WO
MZ_0.%-3)-XPGWU`GIT:FIVC&D]/*&>14,9XW%+[%&)?[]H.]DXS!H7EBV@G,
M_IP5)SGR)W6=S_KD3V*F*ZX1367398N3BXOB[$L.[D>:W)>#6*( 9).G%.V/NC&_!R+PN+I?)
MZU1FUL61Y= SRU5/^X=4IO4K
M*\/%@&D)\Q4330"6J@EXR5(U)R]9JN8D+6%8:C$!,0%C`GYB%SPF:>OZR$S^
M,V^"&:]XKLCD)_IJA0:3>6`R#TQ.@ R8I*W\/%T/4K6&
M@6EW"B;Y8)(/)OE@D@\F^6"2G[-"?DS&2^2/2=K*S]/U)!],\L$D'TSRP20?
M3/+!)!],\G-6R(_).)#P4_]SJ#57H7C+4FCC^\@BS;69R5-P>FKMF)@=S:
M=YT.+W(+3&Z!R2TPN04FM\#D5LX*MV(\SMWZT;:2XK0Y0H[,[BK`)!],\L$D
M'TSRP20?3/+!)#]G5O[PQI.C"]J`Y,
M;ZH#TZOJP/2N.C"]K`Y,;ZO+62$_!MDE\E,8SF??O$`F[2K()'_LFZTED@\F
M^6"2#R;Y8)(/)ODY*^3'0+E$?@J@1O[([!>9S\J;7JOTRAF[0NR[3BN.'`&3
M(V!R!$R.@,D1,#F2L\*1&`"7.)("HW$D9 3_)P5\F/66B(_93,C/\4ZY9,Y3)X59T]R9%\V3;X3_)P5
M\F/,6B)_C&56?A[5)OE@D@\F^6"2#R;Y8)(/)OE@DI^S0GZ,64ODC[',RL^C
MVB0?3/+!)!],\L$D'TSRP20?3/)S5LB/N6F)_#%G6?G[[)7O#HIS2^T.]F79
M[@!,CH#)$3`Y`B9'P.0(F!S)6>%(C%)+'!FCEW4DCV/3"@&F%0),\L$D'TSR
MP20?3/+!)#]GH_RCQR_;[5-S_73][LW=]N'S]FK[]>OCP VX;KD6R[B&W#Z3[;+F/;Q[3BF4+:M
M8MOP'1&VK6/;]*U%IFI;Q/76F2EOG-;
M:=&7%[0D?8.AVA9G0+?WJVUQ!G3ON])VH0G0#WAJ+;)1/UVIM D&M17WT&_]:B[S6+^%K+?):WR"NM :T'%M9:Y+6>X5=I.54?/J9SI64C
MK_7DXUJ+O-;O\&HM\EJ/S*VUR&L]6+;2 G5"K45]](*!6HN\UF/X:RWR
M6D^FK[7(:SV_O=8BK_5(\TK+B?KH?3ZU%O71*VYJ+?):+X*IM 757K
M(Z_'RPEEG[7ZU(_+:_6I'Y5C6%&,J2QG+:_K264MK^LY92VOOY-2U.:M;RNIYIUO+Z>XE&GZ`Z/ROUT;VQBCLK>:T[-+46>?V=
M)".OOY-CY'4]Q:A+=7;4H;H=R.;J5B"3J]O`2A[K9G]-ASS6#6^VQ*]YO!Z^
M=%%KTX"ZNEL;41=NC]6OVO9^]?I]?0;T(2J?X4. _N?UP^?;^\>#K]M/.B4Z'GY4]7#[.=Y\&?_QE'X_],ONZ6EWI[.F
MPX,OV^N/6[W;]#C^R.C3;O [?PH```#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0#N`"]2,0$``$`"```1``@!9&]C4')O&>PNLF3&D98F:G5QBXHS&&\*WCE@H`;3;OY=U79W1DT?ROCP\WT>UV)DV
M^P0?=&=K1`N",K"R4]HV-7I:+_-KE(4HK!)M9Z%&>PAHP2\O*NF8[#P\^,Z!
MCQI"ED@V,.EJM(W1,8R#W((1H4@-F\)-YXV(Z>@;[(1\%PW@&2%7V$`42D2!
M#\#<340T(I6 SY[LVW
M60C;"O_.*B4'.R8]B`@J2^^QH]TI>2YO[]9+Q&>$SG-2YC.RIB4CE,W):X5/
MK?$^GX!F%/@W\03@@_?//^=?````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$``7FO_Y4`
M``"I````$````'AL+V-A;&-#:&%I;BYX;6P\CD$*`C$0!.^"?QCF[F;UH"))
M%A1\@3X@9$<32"9+)HC^WGCQTE`T5+>>WCG!BZK$P@:WPXA`[,LX"M-I#-7@^(,3^`2']4EFM_B/V"P``__\#`%!+`P04
M``8`"````"$`[M$(:%$"``!0!@``$``(`61O8U!R;W!S+V%P)/*0.
MKV*7+TL=K7<211V%RH:V!2;P&'U^F'S^P
M!V @D&DV&_
M_SF!%P230WY6[1S&C %AC=
MO$C0+#E4,F*7@:R=PG7:9\GAE652:)B2X[00V@-+]@)V!R(D[4$HYU.VPO$*
M)%H7>?5*:1O&T2_A(="9Q"OAE#!(M`*LN6S.NO+HTI_6/?L2`#U+"-`(-\=#
M[.%9C=+!Q09!IS8R>&B8D*+- \X9%P[@AM*TBI][@
M-P8I7_R+::JM["'S70S70@LC@6 437?0V5&;8>\ 93M\W;_/(9H%"Z5?76Z/XWK%^5>?:/U=S.J$FWVZ@M9%E)\Y/3G&[U>P&[
MHT7D='`R+8590+[%O%6$W?G4?!#I8-3KG_=I+1[(6++_"M*_````__\#`%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!UB'/FL0$``"$.```3``````````````````````!;
M0V]N=&5N=%]4>7!E &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+55,"/U````3`(`
M``L`````````````````Z@,``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`+0=P&F.`0``L@P``!H`````````````````$`&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`'988_<9!```S`X``!D`
M````````````````1A8``'AL+W=O &PO
M=&AE;64O=&AE;64Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0"A.GW]DPH``#I:```-
M`````````````````%LA``!X;"]S='EL97,N>&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`)K$$)#Q&P``+E0``!0`````````````````&2P``'AL+W-H87)E9%-T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`):UD!S9`@``!`D``!@`````````````
M````/$@``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`,X:#"7B`@``W`&PO=V]R:W-H965T ``!X
M;"]W;W)K &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`*3(&Q>F`@``G@8``!D`````````````````
ML6&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A``];?50K`@``K`0``!@`````````
M````````6FX``'AL+W=O &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`"5SNRAR%0``@((``!D`
M````````````````6'0``'AL+W=O &PO
M=V]R:W-H965T -``!X;"]W;W)K &PO8V%L8T-H86EN+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`
M!@`(````(0#NT0AH40(``%`&```0`````````````````&^I``!D;V-0 &UL4$L%!@````` XML 11 report.css IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute;
} ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold;
} ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497;
} ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px;
} ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em;
} /* Report Styles */
..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none;
} /* table */
..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em;
} ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf;
} /* Top labels */
..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center;
} ..report th.void	{ background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left;
} ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; word-wrap: break-word;
} ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden;
} ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px;
} ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc;
} /* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold;
} /* Calendars... */
..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0;
} /* Even rows... */
..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def;
} ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} /* Odd rows... */
..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white;
} ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black;
} /* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn { white-space: nowrap;
} /* styles for numeric types */
..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap;
} ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em;
} ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
} /* styles for text types */
..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal;
} ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em;
} ..report .text .more { display: none;
} ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold;
} ..report .text .small { width: 10em;
} ..report sup { font-style: italic;
} ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em;
} XML 12 R9.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES NOTE 2 – SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (A) Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers investments that have original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. (B) Use of Estimates in Financial Statements The presentation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates during the periods covered by these financial statements include the , valuation of deferred tax asset and imputed compensation costs. (C ) Fair value measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments The Company adopted ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. ASC Topic 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity’s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information. (D) Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No. 605, “Revenue Recognition”. In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. (E) Segments The Company operates in one segment and therefore segment information is not presented. (F) Loss Per Share The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the year. The diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 the company has no dilutive securities. (G) Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ("ASC 740-10-25"). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company’s income tax expense differs from the “expected” tax expense for federal income tax purpose by applying the Federal & State blended rate of 40.59% as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59% $ (22,134 ) $ (4,390 ) Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes) 2,639 0 Change in valuation allowance 19,496 4,390 Provision for income taxes $ - $ - The components of deferred income taxes are as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 Deferred income tax asset: 4,390 Net operating loss carryforwards $ 23,886 $ 4,390 Valuation allowance (23,886 ) (4,390 ) Deferred income taxes $ - $ - As of December 31, 2014, the Company has a net operating loss carry forward of approximately $58,800 available to offset future taxable income through 2034. This results in deferred tax assets of approximately $23,886 as of December 31, 2014. The valuation allowance at December 31, 2014 was approximately $23,886. The change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2014 was an increase of $19,496 Tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. (H) Reclassification Certain amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18861-107790 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18743-107790 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18854-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration EXCEL 13 Financial_Report.xls IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P
M-&5C,3-C8S0B#0H-"E1H:7,@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7,@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7
M96(@4&%G92P@86QS;R!K;F]W;B!A '!L;W)E &UL;G,Z=CTS1")U &UL;G,Z;STS1")U &UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX
M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T 5]);F9O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D)A;&%N
M8V5?4VAE971?4&%R96YT:&5T:6-A;#PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-T871E;65N=%]O9E]/#I7;W)K #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;E].871U #I.86UE
M/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-U;6UA #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E)E8V5N=%]!8V-O=6YT:6YG7U!R;VYO=6YC96UE;CPO>#I.
M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O 5]O9E]3:6=N:69I
M8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT,CPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;E].871U #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O 5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=6YT-#PO
M>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/E-U;6UA #I7;W)K
M #I7;W)K #I3='EL97-H965T($A2
M968],T0B5V]R:W-H965T 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E
M,C8P-&5C,3-C8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,# '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 2!);F9O 2!296=I '0^/'-P86X^/"]S"!+97D\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^+2TQ,BTS,3QS'0^,3`M2SQS
M'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S2!&:6QE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S2!&
M:6QE 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^
M4VUA;&QE 3QS2!0=6)L:6,@1FQO870\+W1D/@T*
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A
M 6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 3PO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]SF5D+"`P
M('-H87)E F5D+"`U+#4S,RPP,#`@86YD(#4L,#`P+#`P,"!H87)E
M '0^)FYB '1087)T7S`W.6$V
M,30V7V0W9F9?-&0Q,E\Y.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P
M-&5C,3-C8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM
M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C
M,3-C8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,# '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R
M &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S
M/3-$;G5M/B@Q,"PX,30I/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E
M,C8P-&5C,3-C8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,# '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^)FYB '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^)FYB '0^)FYB 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-
M"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA '0^)FYB '0^)FYB '0^)FYB '0^)FYB '0^)FYB
M '0^)FYB '0^)FYB '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^)FYB '0^)FYB
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^)FYB '0^)FYB '0^)FYB '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R
M=%\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C8S0-"D-O;G1E
M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,# '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 2!;06)S=')A8W1=/"]S=')O;F3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C
M8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,# '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R F%T:6]N($YA='5R92!O9B!"=7-I;F5S #L@9F]N="US=')E=&-H.B!N
M;W)M86P[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!W:&ET
M92US'0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@
M=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN.RF4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ('-T87)T.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=VAI=&4M #L@+7=E
M8FMI="UT97AT+7-T 6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C,#`P,#`P.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)W1I;65S
M(&YE=R!R;VUA;B 6QE.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!L971T97(M #L@+7=E8FMI="UT97AT+7-T '0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU '0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C,#`P
M,#`P.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B 6QE.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O
M;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!L971T
M97(M #L@+7=E8FMI
M="UT97AT+7-T '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU '0M:6YD
M96YT.B`M,2XQ#L@9F]N="US=')E=&-H.B!N
M;W)M86P[(&UA 2!O 2!P 2!T;R!R971A:6QE 2!D;V5S(&YO="!D:7)E8W1L>2!P 6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C,#`P
M,#`P.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B 6QE.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O
M;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!L971T
M97(M #L@
M9F]N="US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ('-T87)T.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!X.R!T97AT+71R86YS9F]R;3H@;F]N93L@=VAI=&4M #L@+7=E8FMI="UT97AT
M+7-T 6QE/3-$
M)V-O;&]R.B`C,#`P,#`P.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA
M;B 6QE
M.B!N;W)M86P[(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@
M;F]R;6%L.R!L971T97(M #L@+7=E8FMI="UT97AT+7-T '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU '0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ#L@9F]N="US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!W:&ET92US'0M #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-35I;CL@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#LG/CPO6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C,#`P,#`P.R!F;VYT
M+69A;6EL>3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B #L@9F]N="US=')E
M=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[(&UA 65A F%T:6]N+CPO6QE/3-$)V-O;&]R.B`C
M,#`P,#`P.R!F;VYT+69A;6EL>3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B 6QE.B!N;W)M86P[
M(&9O;G0M=F%R:6%N=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!F;VYT+7=E:6=H=#H@;F]R;6%L.R!L
M971T97(M #L@+7=E
M8FMI="UT97AT+7-T '0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C4U:6X[('1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[)SX\+W`^#0H\#L@9F]N="US=')E=&-H.B!N;W)M86P[
M(&UA F4Z(#$P'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!W:&ET92US'0M #L@=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-35I;CL@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#LG/E1H97-E#0H@8V]N9&ET:6]N 2!T;R!C;VYT:6YU92!A 2!A9&IU 2!A;F0@8VQA 2!B96EN9R!T86ME;B!T;R!O8G1A:6X@
M861D:71I;VYA;"!F=6YD:6YG(&%N9"!I;7!L96UE;G0@:71S('-T 2!F;W(@=&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@=&\@8V]N=&EN=64@87,@82!G;VEN9R!C;VYC97)N+CPO'1087)T7S`W.6$V,30V7V0W
M9F9?-&0Q,E\Y.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C
M8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-
M"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N="!!8V-O
M=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S/&)R/CPO '0^/&1I=CX\#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A
M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/DY/5$4@,B`F(S@R,3$[(%-534U!4ED@3T8@
M4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%4SPO8CX\+W`^/'`@ '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO#L@8V]L;W(Z
M(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/BA!*3PO
M:3X\+V(^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C4U
M:6X[(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C4U:6X[(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/E1H92!P 2!W:71H(&%C8V]U;G1I;F#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/BA#/"]I/CPO8CXI/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/E1H92!#
M;VUP86YY(&%D;W!T960@05-#(%1O#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A
M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU-6EN.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P
M,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU
M:6X[(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C4U:6X[(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I
M;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M
M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/DQE=F5L(#,M26YP
M=71S(&%R92!U;F]B '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C
M,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.SPO#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N
M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/BA$*3PO:3X\+V(^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 2!R96-O9VYI>F5S(')E=F5N=64@;VX@87)R86YG96UE;G1S
M(&EN(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:"!&05-"($%30R!.;RXF(S$V,#LV,#4L("8C
M.#(R,#M2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N)B,X,C(Q.RX@26X@86QL(&-A 2!W:&5N('1H92!P 2!O9B!T:&4@ 2!A #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A
M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU-6EN.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M
M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU-6EN.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CPO#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB
M/CQI/BA%*3PO:3X\+V(^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N
M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$N,7!T.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E
M>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C4U:6X[(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU '0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I
M;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 2!D:79I9&EN9R!T:&4@0V]M
M2=S(&YE="!L;W-S(&%V86EL86)L92!T;R!C;VUM;VX@ 65A 2!D:79I9&EN9R!T:&4@0V]M2=S
M(&YE="!L;W-S(&%V86EL86)L92!T;R!C;VUM;VX@ #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A
M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU-6EN.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M
M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A
M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/DEN8V]M92!487AE 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@
M;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/E1H
M92!#;VUP86YY(&%C8V]U;G1S(&9O "!A "!R871E '!E8W1E9"!T;R!A2!T;R!T87AA8FQE(&EN8V]M
M92!I;B!T:&4@>65A '!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!R96-O=F5R960@;W(@ #L@=VAI=&4M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z
M(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E "!E>'!E;G-E(&9O 2!A6EN9R!T:&4@1F5D97)A
M;"`F86UP.R!3=&%T92!B;&5N9&5D(')A=&4@;V8@-#`N-3DE(&%S(&9O;&QO
M=W,Z/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`R
M."XT6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`R."XT#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W9E F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I
M;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E
M 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P86X],T0R
M/C(P,3,\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,2XU6QE/3-$)W9E 2!R871E(&]F(#0P+C4Y)3PO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N
M="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#)P
M>#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N="US
M:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#%P>#L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T
M.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!E9F9E8W0@;V8@97AP96YS97,@=&AA="!A "!P=7)P;W-E F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A
M9&1I;F F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M &5S/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[
M)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E
M>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[
M('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,C@N-'!T.R!L
M971T97(M #L@=VAI
M=&4M #LG/CPO#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F
M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CPO#L@8V]L;W(Z
M(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M-#!P=#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W9E F4Z
M(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$
M)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I
M;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P
M86X],T0R/C(P,3,\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@
M,2XU6QE/3-$)W9E #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N="US:7IE
M.B`Q,'!T.R"!A '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#)P>#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#%P>#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W9E F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W9E 6QE/3-$
M)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[)SXM)B,Q-C`[/"]T
M9#X\=&0@ #L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2`D-3@L.#`P(&%V86EL86)L92!T;R!O9F9S970@9G5T=7)E('1A
M>&%B;&4@:6YC;VUE('1H "!A 2`D,C,L.#@V(&%S
M(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,30N(%1H92!V86QU871I;VX@86QL
M;W=A;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,30@=V%S(&%P&EM
M871E;'D@)#(S+#@X-BX@5&AE(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L
M;&]W86YC92!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@
M,C`Q-"!W87,@86X@:6YC &%M:6YA=&EO;B!B>2!T:&4@26YT97)N
M86P@4F5V96YU92!397)V:6-E+CPO#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/B8C,38P.SPO:3X\+V(^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M #L@=VAI
M=&4M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M
M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU-6EN.R!L971T97(M
M #L@=VAI=&4M 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-SEA
M-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C
M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,# '0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E
M>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E
M 2!F
M 65A 2!T
M:&%T(&EN('!R:6]R('EE87)S(&ET(&AA9"!B965N(&EN('1H92!D979E;&]P
M;65N="!S=&%G92X@5&AE(&%M96YD;65N=',@:6X@=&AI 2!E;&5C=&5D
M(&5A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T
M=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/DEN($IU
M;F4@,C`Q-"P@1D%30B!I 2!T;R!A;GD@96YT:71Y('1H870@96YT97)S(&EN
M=&\@8V]N=')A8W1S('1O('!R;W9I9&4@9V]O9',@;W(@ 2US2!4;W!I8W,@;V8@=&AE($-O9&EF:6-A=&EO;BX@061D:71I
M;VYA;&QY+"!T:&4@=7!D871E('=O=6QD('-U6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI
M=&4M #LG/DEN($IU;F4@,C`Q-"P@1D%3
M0B!I 2!T;R!A;&P@ 6UE
M;G1S(&EN('=H:6-H('1H92!T97)M 2!S:&]U;&0@87!P;'D@97AI 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/D5N=&ET:65S(&UA>2!A2!T:&4@86UE;F1M96YT 6EN9R!T:&ES(%5P9&%T92!A FEN9R!T:&4@8V]M'0[)SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O
M;G0^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M
M #LG/DYO(&]T:&5R(&%C8V]U;G1I;F2!T:&4@0V]M
M2!M86YA9V5M96YT+"!T;R!H879E(&$@;6%T97)I86P@:6UP86-T(&]N
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B,X,C$W.W,@7!E.B!T97AT
M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^
M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$
M=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N
M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M
M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU-6EN.R!L971T97(M
M #L@=VAI=&4M #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F
M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E #L@=VAI=&4M #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M
M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E '0M '0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/DEN($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P,3,@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R,36QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI9VXZ
M(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/D1U 65A 2!C;VUP;&5T960@=&AE('!R:79A=&4@2!P86ED(&]F9F5R:6YG(&5X'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z
M(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E '1087)T7S`W
M.6$V,30V7V0W9F9?-&0Q,E\Y.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,
M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E
M,C8P-&5C,3-C8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S#L@
M8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI
M/BA!*3PO:3X\+V(^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`P+C4U:6X[(&QE='1E '0^/&1I=CX\#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/BA"*3PO:3X\+V(^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I
M;F '0M '!E
M;G-E "!A 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU '0M #L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L
M;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@+3$N,7!T.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N
M;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C4U
M:6X[(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU #LG
M/DQE=F5L(#(M26YP=71S(&%R92!U;F%D:G5S=&5D('%U;W1E9"!P 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C4U:6X[
M(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M
M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 2!B87-E9"!O;B!T:&4@8F5S="!A=F%I;&%B;&4@:6YF;W)M871I;VXN
M/"]P/CPO9&EV/CQS'0^/&1I=CX\#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/BA$*3PO:3X\+V(^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P
M'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 2!R96-O9VYI>F5S(')E=F5N=64@;VX@87)R86YG96UE;G1S(&EN
M(&%C8V]R9&%N8V4@=VET:"!&05-"($%30R!.;RXF(S$V,#LV,#4L("8C.#(R
M,#M2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N)B,X,C(Q.RX@26X@86QL(&-A 2!W:&5N('1H92!P 2!O9B!T:&4@ 2!A 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU '0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z
M(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ
M6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 2!O'0^/&1I=CX\#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB
M/CQI/BA&*3PO:3X\+V(^/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,2XQ#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F
M;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@+3$N,7!T.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P
M,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[
M(&QE='1E 2!H87,@;F\@9&EL=71I=F4@ #L@;&5T
M=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P
M,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L
M971T97(M #L@=VAI
M=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/DEN8V]M92!487AE
M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`P+C5I;CL@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI
M9VXZ(&IU #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/E1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%C8V]U;G1S(&9O "!A "!R871E '!E8W1E9"!T;R!A2!T;R!T
M87AA8FQE(&EN8V]M92!I;B!T:&4@>65A '!E8W1E9"!T;R!B92!R96-O=F5R
M960@;W(@ #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@:G5S
M=&EF>3L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T
M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E "!E>'!E
M;G-E(&9O 2!A6EN
M9R!T:&4@1F5D97)A;"`F86UP.R!3=&%T92!B;&5N9&5D(')A=&4@;V8@-#`N
M-3DE(&%S(&9O;&QO=W,Z/"]P/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`R."XT6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`R."XT#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M
M F4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)W9E F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
M6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$
M)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG
M(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/C(P,3,\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL93TS1"=P861D:6YG+6)O
M='1O;3H@,2XU6QE/3-$)W9E 2!R871E(&]F(#0P+C4Y)3PO=&0^
M/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#)P>#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@
M;&5F=#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`Q-#%P>#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P"!E9F9E8W0@;V8@97AP96YS97,@=&AA
M="!A "!P=7)P
M;W-E F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E
M>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M(&9O;G0M 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z#0H@,3!P=#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE.B!S;VQI
M9#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M &5S/"]T9#X\
M=&0@ 6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)W1E
M>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P#L@8V]L
M;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,C@N-'!T.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CPO#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[
M('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T
M97(M #L@=VAI=&4M
M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A
M;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@-#!P=#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I
M;F '0M 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)W9E F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/C(P,3,\+W1D/CQT
M9"!S='EL93TS1"=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,2XU6QE/3-$)W9E #L@
M=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R"!A #L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#)P>#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#%P
M>#L@=&5X="UA;&EG;CH@ '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z
M(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E
M>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W9E F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W9E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P
MF4Z(#$P6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[)SXM)B,Q-C`[/"]T9#X\=&0@ #L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0M86QI9VXZ(&IU 2`D-3@L.#`P(&%V
M86EL86)L92!T;R!O9F9S970@9G5T=7)E('1A>&%B;&4@:6YC;VUE('1H "!A 2`D,C,L.#@V(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R)B,Q-C`[
M,S$L(#(P,30N(%1H92!V86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R
M)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,30@=V%S(&%P&EM871E;'D@)#(S+#@X-BX@5&AE
M(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@=&AE('EE
M87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q-"!W87,@86X@:6YC &%M:6YA=&EO;B!B>2!T:&4@26YT97)N86P@4F5V96YU92!397)V:6-E
M+CPO#L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/CQB/CQI/E)E8VQA #L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M
M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,"XU:6X[(&QE='1E 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#$P'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C4U:6X[(&QE='1E '1087)T7S`W.6$V,30V7V0W
M9F9?-&0Q,E\Y.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C
M8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-
M"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N="!!8V-O
M=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S("A486)L97,I/&)R/CPO 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-38W'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M 3H@)W1I;65S(&YE=R!R;VUA;B #LG(&-E;&QS6QE/3-$)W9E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P86X],T0V/D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q
M+#PO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('1E>'0M:6YD96YT
M.B`M,"XP-6EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N,#5I;CL@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q
M,'!T.R"`H8F5N969I="D@97AP96YS92!A
M="!T:&4@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!L969T.R!F;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE
M9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)W9E 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('1E>'0M:6YD
M96YT.B`M,"XP-6EN.R!P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z(#`N,#5I;CL@9F]N="US:7IE
M.B`Q,'!T.R'!E;G-E "!P=7)P;W-E 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F
M;VYT+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[
M('1E>'0M:6YD96YT.B`M,"XP-6EN.R!P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,2XUF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W!A
M9&1I;F 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG/C$Y+#0Y-CPO=&0^/'1D('-T>6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M
M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W9E F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W!A
M9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[)SXM)B,Q-C`[/"]T9#X\=&0@ '0M #L@;&5T=&5R+7-P86-I;F '0M '0^/'1A8FQE('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-38W
M'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L
M971T97(M 3H@)W1I;65S(&YE
M=R!R;VUA;B #LG(&-E;&QS6QE/3-$)W9E 6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W9E
M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E 6QE.B!S;VQI9#LG(&-O;'-P86X],T0R/C(P,3,\+W1D/CQT9"!S='EL
M93TS1"=P861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3H@,2XU6QE
M/3-$)W9E #L@=&5X="UA
M;&EG;CH@;&5F=#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R"!A #L@9F]N
M="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#)P>#L@=&5X="UA;&EG
M;CH@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!L969T.R!F;VYT+7-I
M>F4Z(#$P#L@9F]N="US:7IE.B`Q,'!T.R'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-#%P>#L@=&5X
M="UA;&EG;CH@ '0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O
M;G0M F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI
M9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M 6QE
M/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M F4Z(#$P6QE
M/3-$)W9E F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A
M9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W!A9&1I;F &5S/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE.B!D;W5B;&4[)SXD/"]T9#X\=&0@ 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$
M)W!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(&QE9G0[(&9O;G0M 6QE/3-$)W1E>'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!F;VYT
M+7-I>F4Z(#$PF4Z(#$P#L@8V]L;W(Z(",P,#`P,#`[('1E>'0M=')A;G-F;W)M.B!N;VYE
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,'!X.R!L971T97(M #L@=VAI=&4M #LG/B8C,38P.SPO'1087)T7S`W.6$V,30V7V0W
M9F9?-&0Q,E\Y.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C
M8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-
M"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7S`W.6$V,30V7V0W9F9?
M-&0Q,E\Y.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C8S0O
M5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@
M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!R871E(&]F(#0P+C4Y)3PO=&0^#0H@("`@
M("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S "!E
M9F9E8W0@;V8@97AP96YS97,@=&AA="!A "!P=7)P;W-E 7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&5X=#XF;F)S'1087)T7S`W.6$V,30V7V0W9F9?
M-&0Q,E\Y.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C8S0O
M5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@
M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA "`H8F5N969I="D@97AP96YS92!A="!T
M:&4@ '0^1&5C(#,Q+`T*"0DR,#,T/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S2!F;W)W87)D
M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'1087)T7S`W
M.6$V,30V7V0W9F9?-&0Q,E\Y.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-`T*0V]N=&5N="U,
M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E
M,C8P-&5C,3-C8S0O5V]R:W-H965T '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]SF5D/"]T9#X-"B`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ 2P@=F%L=64\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\
M=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1U86PI
M/"]S=')O;F3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%\P-SEA-C$T-E]D-V9F7S1D,3)?.3DX85]E,C8P-&5C,3-C
M8S0-"D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO,# &UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA &UL;G,Z;STS1")U '1087)T7S`W.6$V,30V7V0W9F9?-&0Q,E\Y
4.3AA7V4R-C`T96,Q,V-C-"TM#0H`
`
end XML 14 R8.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern [Abstract] ORGANIZATION, NATURE OF BUSINESS AND GOING CONCERN NOTE 1 – ORGANIZATION, NATURE OF BUSINESS AND GOING CONCERN (A) Organization ABV Consulting. (“The Company”) was originally organized in the State of Nevada on October 15, 2013. The Company provides merchandising and consulting services to Craft beer brewers and distributors as well as providing marketing support within the craft beer industry to retailers and other organizations as needed. While the Company does not directly produce alcoholic beverages, it provides services to help businesses in the industry improve their marketing, sales and operations. (B) Going Concern As of December 31, 2014, the Company had an accumulated deficit of $65,341 and used cash in operations of $26,151 from the year ended December 31, 2014. Losses have principally occurred as a result of the substantial resources required for professional fees and general and administrative expenses associated with its organization. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments to reflect the possible future effect on the recoverability and classification of assets or the amounts and classifications of liabilities that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to obtain additional funding and implement its strategic plan provides the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. X - Details Name: abvn_OrganizationNatureOfBusinessAndGoingConcernAbstract Namespace Prefix: abvn_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the organisation nature of business and going concern. + References No definition available. + Details Name: abvn_OrganizationNatureOfBusinessAndGoingConcernTextBlock Namespace Prefix: abvn_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 15 R2.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheet (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 30,624 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue $ 5,000 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 30,624 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent 5,000 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent TOTAL ASSETS 30,624 us-gaap_Assets 5,000 us-gaap_Assets CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts Payable 11,876 us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES 11,876 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDERS' Equity Preferred stock, $0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares authorized, 0 shares issued and outstanding Common stock, $0.0001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized, 5,533,000 and 5,000,000 hares issued and outstanding, respectively 553 us-gaap_CommonStockValue 520 us-gaap_CommonStockValue Additional paid in capital 75,061 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital 35,294 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Stock receivable (20,000) us-gaap_ReceivableFromShareholdersOrAffiliatesForIssuanceOfCapitalStock Accumulated deficit (56,866) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit (10,814) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS'S EQUITY 18,748 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity 5,000 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY $ 30,624 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity $ 5,000 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6801-107765 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14326-108349 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 25 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 7 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 17 -Article 9 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a),19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 -Article 7 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 21 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amounts due from owners or affiliates of the reporting entity related to issuance of the entity's capital stock before cash payment is received (does not include amounts due from officers or directors). This element would also include the receivable for proceeds from the issuance of shares under employee stock option exercises which proceeds have not been received as of the reporting date due to the timing of the transaction date versus the settlement date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29,30) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_ReceivableFromShareholdersOrAffiliatesForIssuanceOfCapitalStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 16 R6.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit (USD $) Total Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Stock Receivable Accumulated Deficit Beginning balance at Oct. 14, 2013 Beginning balance, Shares at Oct. 14, 2013 Issuance of stock -founders ($.003 per share) 15,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues 500 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 14,500 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Issuance of stock -founders ($.003 per share), Shares 5,000,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Stock issued for Cash 20 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 19,980 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember (20,000) us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = abvn_StockReceivableMember Stock issued for Cash, Shares 200,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Contribution of capital 814 us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital 814 us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Imputed compensation Net loss (10,814) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss (10,814) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Ending balance at Dec. 31, 2013 5,000 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity 520 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 35,294 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember (20,000) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = abvn_StockReceivableMember (10,814) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Ending balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2013 5,200,000 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Sale of common stock 33,300 us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction 33 us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 33,267 us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Sale of common stock, Shares 333,000 us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Less offering costs (1,525) us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts (1,525) us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Collection of stock receivable 20,000 abvn_CollectionOfStockReceivable 20,000 abvn_CollectionOfStockReceivable / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = abvn_StockReceivableMember Imputed compensation 6,500 us-gaap_OfficersCompensation 6,500 us-gaap_OfficersCompensation / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Net loss (46,052) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss (46,052) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Ending balance at Dec. 31, 2014 $ 18,748 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity $ 553 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 73,536 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ (56,866) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Ending balance, shares at Dec. 31, 2014 5,533,000 us-gaap_SharesOutstanding / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember X - Definition Collection of stock receivable. + References No definition available. + Details Name: abvn_CollectionOfStockReceivable Namespace Prefix: abvn_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Expenditures for salaries of officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation, pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies, excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_OfficersCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for cost incurred directly with the issuance of an equity security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsOfStockIssuanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received by a corporation from a shareholder during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Cash received on stock transaction after deduction of issuance costs. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of shares issued or sold by the subsidiary or equity method investee per stock transaction. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares issued as consideration for cash for development stage entities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 915 -SubTopic 215 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472370&loc=d3e38297-110927 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForCash Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of new stock issued during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Value of shares issued as consideration for cash for development stage entities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 915 -SubTopic 215 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472370&loc=d3e38297-110927 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForCash Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration XML 17 Show.js IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /** * Rivet Software Inc. * * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software, Inc. All rights reserved. * Version 2.4.0.3 * */ var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null, Show.hideAR = function(){ Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
}; Show.showAR = function ( link, id, win ){ if( Show.LastAR ){ Show.hideAR(); } var ref = link; do { ref = ref.nextSibling; } while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE'); if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') { var tmp = win ? win.document.getElementById(id) : document.getElementById(id); if( tmp ){ ref = tmp.cloneNode(true); ref.id = ''; link.parentNode.appendChild(ref); } } if( ref ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; Show.LastAR = ref; }
}; Show.toggleNext = function( link ){ var ref = link; do{ ref = ref.nextSibling; }while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' ); if( ref.style && ref.style.display && ref.style.display == 'none' ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+', '-' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+', '-' ); } }else{ ref.style.display = 'none'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-', '+' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-', '+' ); } }
}; XML 18 R7.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit (Parentheticals) (USD $) Dec. 31, 2013 Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract] Issuance of stock -founders, Per share price $ 0.003 us-gaap_SharePrice X - Definition Price of a single share of a number of saleable stocks of a company. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SharePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 19 R3.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Statement of Financial Position [Abstract] Preferred stock, par value $ 0.0001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.0001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Preferred stock, shares authorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Preferred stock, shares issued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Preferred stock, shares outstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding 0 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Common stock,par value $ 0.0001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.0001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Common stock, shares authorized 100,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized 100,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Common stock, shares issued 5,533,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued 5,533,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Common stock, shares outstanding 5,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding 5,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 20 R17.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Textual) Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate 40.59% us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Operating loss carryforwards $ 58,800 us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards Operating loss carryforwards, expiration date Dec. 31, 2034 Deferred tax assets, operating loss carry forward 23,886 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards 4,390 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards Valuation allowance 23,886 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance 4,390 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Change in the valuation allowance $ 19,496 us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount X - Details Name: abvn_AccountingPoliciesTextualAbstract Namespace Prefix: abvn_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Expiration date of each operating loss carryforward included in operating loss carryforward, in CCYY-MM-DD format. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for a specified deferred tax asset. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32123-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration XML 21 R1.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Document and Entity Information (USD $) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Mar. 13, 2015 Document and Entity Information [Abstract] Entity Registrant Name ABV CONSULTING, INC. Entity Central Index Key 0001607450 Amendment Flag false Current Fiscal Year End Date --12-31 Document Type 10-K Document Period End Date Dec. 31, 2014 Document Fiscal Year Focus 2014 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer No Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Filer Category Smaller Reporting Company Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 5,533,000 dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Entity Public Float $ 0 dei_EntityPublicFloat X - Details Name: abvn_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: abvn_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition If the value is true, then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word "Other". + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFilerCategory Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:filerCategoryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityPublicFloat Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 22 R18.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders Equity (Details) (USD $) 1 Months Ended 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Nov. 30, 2013 Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Stockholders Equity (Textual) Common stock, shares authorized 100,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized 100,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Common stock,par value $ 0.0001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.0001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Blank shares, authorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Blank shares, par value $ 0.0001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.0001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Shares issued to the founder of the company 5,000,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Shares issued to the founder of the company, value $ 15,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues $ 15,000 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Shares issued under private placement agreement, value 33,300 us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction Capital contribution 814 us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital Offering expenses 1,525 us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts Compensation for services provided by Chief Executive Officer 6,500 us-gaap_OfficersCompensation Private Placement [Member] Stockholders Equity (Textual) Shares issued under private placement agreement 200,000 us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember 333,000 us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Shares issued under private placement agreement, value $ 20,000 us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember $ 33,300 us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction / us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis = us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember X - Details Name: abvn_StockholdersEquityTextualAbstract Namespace Prefix: abvn_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of decrease in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from direct costs associated with issuing stock. Includes, but is not limited to, legal and accounting fees and direct costs associated with stock issues under a shelf registration. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalStockIssuedIssuanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Expenditures for salaries of officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation, pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies, excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_OfficersCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received by a corporation from a shareholder during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Cash received on stock transaction after deduction of issuance costs. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockConsiderationReceivedOnTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The number of shares issued or sold by the subsidiary or equity method investee per stock transaction. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SaleOfStockNumberOfSharesIssuedInTransaction Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of new stock issued during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SubsidiarySaleOfStockAxis=us-gaap_PrivatePlacementMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 23 R4.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statement of Operation (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Revenue Service Revenue, net OPERATING EXPENSES General and administrative 814 us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense 11,798 us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Professional fees 10,000 us-gaap_ProfessionalFees 34,254 us-gaap_ProfessionalFees Total Operating Expenses 10,814 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses 46,052 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses NET LOSS FROM OPERATIONS (10,814) us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss (46,052) us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Net loss before provision for income taxes (10,814) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest (46,052) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest Provision for Income Taxes NET LOSS $ (10,814) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ (46,052) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Net loss per share - basic and diluted $ 0.00 us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted $ (0.01) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted Weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period - basic and diluted 5,000,000 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted 5,204,977 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted X - Definition The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share in instances when basic and diluted earnings per share are the same amount and reported as a single line item on the face of the financial statements. Basic earnings per share is the amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share includes the amount of net income or loss for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity, including affiliates of the reporting entity, which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture, sale or creation of a product or product line. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents the income or loss from continuing operations attributable to the economic entity which may also be defined as revenue less expenses from ongoing operations, after income or loss from equity method investments, but before income taxes, extraordinary items, and noncontrolling interest. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 940 -SubTopic 20 -Section 25 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35710027&loc=d3e41242-110953 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 10 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors, lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions, for example, pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 946 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a),(b),(c),(d)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6488393&loc=d3e606610-122999 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 946 -SubTopic 225 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (k) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6488370&loc=d3e13550-115849 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProfessionalFees Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RevenuesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate revenue during the period from services rendered in the normal course of business, after deducting allowances and discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(d)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueServicesNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 24 R12.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Cash and Cash Equivalents (A) Cash and Cash Equivalents The Company considers investments that have original maturities of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. Use of Estimates in Financial Statements (B) Use of Estimates in Financial Statements The presentation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates during the periods covered by these financial statements include the , valuation of deferred tax asset and imputed compensation costs. Fair value measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments (C ) Fair value measurements and Fair value of Financial Instruments The Company adopted ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements. ASC Topic 820 clarifies the definition of fair value, prescribes methods for measuring fair value, and establishes a fair value hierarchy to classify the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities available at the measurement date. Level 2-Inputs are unadjusted quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, inputs other than quoted prices that are observable, and inputs derived from or corroborated by observable market data. Level 3-Inputs are unobservable inputs which reflect the reporting entity’s own assumptions on what assumptions the market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best available information. Revenue Recognition (D) Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue on arrangements in accordance with FASB ASC No. 605, “Revenue Recognition”. In all cases, revenue is recognized only when the price is fixed and determinable, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the service is performed and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. Segments (E) Segments The Company operates in one segment and therefore segment information is not presented. Loss Per Share (F) Loss Per Share The basic loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares during the year. The diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the period. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. As of December 31, 2014 and 2013 the company has no dilutive securities. Income Taxes (G) Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under FASB Codification Topic 740-10-25 ("ASC 740-10-25"). Under ASC 740-10-25, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under ASC 740-10-25, the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company’s income tax expense differs from the “expected” tax expense for federal income tax purpose by applying the Federal & State blended rate of 40.59% as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59% $ (22,134 ) $ (4,390 ) Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes) 2,639 0 Change in valuation allowance 19,496 4,390 Provision for income taxes $ - $ - The components of deferred income taxes are as follows: December 31, 2014 2013 Deferred income tax asset: 4,390 Net operating loss carryforwards $ 23,886 $ 4,390 Valuation allowance (23,886 ) (4,390 ) Deferred income taxes $ - $ - As of December 31, 2014, the Company has a net operating loss carry forward of approximately $58,800 available to offset future taxable income through 2034. This results in deferred tax assets of approximately $23,886 as of December 31, 2014. The valuation allowance at December 31, 2014 was approximately $23,886. The change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2014 was an increase of $19,496 Tax returns for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Reclassification (H) Reclassification Certain amounts from prior periods have been reclassified to conform to the current period presentation X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4273-108586 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 305 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6375392&loc=d3e26790-107797 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 203 -Paragraph 02-03 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257 + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13279-108611 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 60 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32840-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6423966&loc=d3e40913-109327 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32809-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32247-109318 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32280-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for reclassifications that affects the comparability of the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6359566&loc=d3e326-107755 + Details Name: us-gaap_PriorPeriodReclassificationAdjustmentDescription Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions, the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example, delivery of multiple products, services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section B -Paragraph Question 1 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18823-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for segment reporting. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6143-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6132-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6061-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_UseOfEstimates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 25 R11.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Stockholders Equity 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Stockholders Equity [Abstract] STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY NOTE 4 – STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY The Company is authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.0001 and 10,000,000 shares of blank shares of common par value $0.0001 In November 2013, the Company sold 5,000,000 shares to the Company’s founder for proceeds of $15,000. During the period ended December 31, 2013, the Company issued 200,000 shares of common stock for a subscription of $20,000 under a private placement agreement. The subscription receivable was collected in January 2014. In December 2013 the Company’s founder paid $814 on behalf of the Company. The amount was recorded as a contribution of capital. During the year ended December 31, 2014 the Company completed the private placement of 333,000 shares of common stock for proceed of $33,300. The Company paid offering expenses of $1,525. During the year ended December 31, 2014 the Company imputed compensation of $6,500 for services provided by its Chief Executive Officer. X - Details Name: us-gaap_EquityAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187143-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section C Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Preferred Stock -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521494 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644 Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21484-112644 Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph d -Article 4 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 26 R15.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59% $ (4,390) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate $ (22,134) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes) 0 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense 2,639 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense Change in valuation allowance 4,390 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance 19,496 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Provision for income taxes X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515339 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a),(b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32123-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Subparagraph 2 -Article 4 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible expenses. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration XML 27 R13.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies [Abstract] Schedule of effective income tax rate reconciliation December 31, 2014 2013 Expected income tax (benefit) expense at the statutory rate of 40.59% $ (22,134 ) $ (4,390 ) Tax effect of expenses that are not deductible for income tax purposes (net of other amounts deductible for tax purposes) 2,639 0 Change in valuation allowance 19,496 4,390 Provision for income taxes $ - $ - Schedule of components of deferred income taxes December 31, 2014 2013 Deferred income tax asset: 4,390 Net operating loss carryforwards $ 23,886 $ 4,390 Valuation allowance (23,886 ) (4,390 ) Deferred income taxes $ - $ - X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 28 R14.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern (Details) (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern (Textual) Accumulated deficit $ (10,814) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit $ (56,866) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Cash used in operations $ (10,814) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities $ (27,676) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities X - Details Name: abvn_OrganizationNatureOfBusinessAndGoingConcernTextualAbstract Namespace Prefix: abvn_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant XML 29 R16.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details 1) (USD $) Dec. 31, 2014 Dec. 31, 2013 Deferred income tax asset: Net operating loss carryforwards $ 23,886 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards $ 4,390 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards Valuation allowance (23,886) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance (4,390) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Deferred income taxes X - Definition Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards, net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant ZIP 30 0001213900-15-001911-xbrl.zip IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 0001213900-15-001911-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(``-(=$9+&K #0``/%8`@`1`!P`86)V;BTR,#$T,3(S,2YX
M;6Q55`D``]49#%75&0Q5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[%U[;^,XDO^_@?X.O.QA
M'D#\D!]).OU8.*\^[W0[09*>V;X'`EJB8V[+DH>4DG@.N,]^5:1D2;;LQ+9L
M*XD6@VU'XN-7Q6)5L5BD/OS]86"3.R8D=YV/.T:YND.88[H6=VX_[GR[/BL=
M[/S]T]LW'_ZM5"*?FE?I7\>77X)JY/] .@
M4JL:36(8A[6]PV:#7'S]'U(JA4T=40G-0!W50*UL1._4DQ/7]`?,\ >WWL\=3BGBO([T&?1M`G_/R#60Z3%AWMDJ]4F'UB'.R2,8B#P^8!@`CZ
M>>@*FQ_B_Q-@@",/:? GG+$Q5O-&05*%2"4DQP "$(W.X.^P(E*]0-%$J/NI8YZ4X_ZN*CI^HXG
M1LFRDIGE6_>N$KQ$(:R7JD8I$D/3%P*F[*QZP5LEO !%2G'V8/;3
MR^,;K%!+5N#.'9->>A7]+H4:AW)3IM=1K["*D:PBN9E>`5ZD%?>&8D9Y>)-2
MP9>E6TJ'XSH]*KMJ#(,7*;P*WI2HY\VN!B\%[_H>D[%J*.,RM8YZD]+7@SUG
M6O[S2TQ7^)Z8([GP=@=5(VJ70ZGTQB7K$:5M#H,9-%\G58;"'3+A</^NK.8>:MQ3JUO*#M'8JH94X=AV//7CDBID>*ON$\C:#EQQF
M?E#PIB5OSGLW1N/FW/1N4+BNJ]4;_=_U>>KSG:A!,#?*`FAE$M&8VH
M=O0V?!+5KR1XDC63;JX\T+!HCT__](&"8W N+R!/P>NNS?!S#N<2\[.I[#8%%T?*JE=
MQ`8@AN9ECWG+`C\,F$KM"\JMMG-,A]RC]HL:_[DT%K(PE@4U0RZ9R?@=[=KL
M18=4J%`ZLD^2)&/BR63MSS'?UC7WKNX*9JW'3<
MN^GAKU>GG^?*.0(N".\$AF[,)_338WR/O1^#MB8JU*OQ#L.W64RKNG%SPLP4
MOJ8\SQ5?)Z6O!FN+=>F>19A4.)V;TSC/9,P+I[.0A"4_-.R4M%P*FGL M_4`?%H3%#3!K/8AFA,C@6B5TW\L+58@VQL:GW8H6D6$`4PK.T
M\!2KAT)2BJ7#]I8.SUE -_OF
M\*FS9OC\[9OV_QG_??;[Q7^P!W;2W-L_^'[)_N2?VOT?[.[T!Q]_L?S$:C
M83:;3?/Z?_N?/G]L--O['S\;\&_3./A'^]#X>/!NW_A\NO^^?=A^?W;0_)`X
MS.9CUS@TLD\%`Y$+G@\8E;Y@GP(Y4B]#].&[\&]L(Z7%;U JS/3WAF7)K6_,RI.]5HTH^Y+
M6IUK`+/Z"K&$%R% LG.27_8+;]F^/>.U>@9\!'L=I2^F!RLP'3
M<>-3 %2,SKC-1%9<20*9Z&-"2>D9=,F&KL"[.M"7RVQTOJ,U
M>:RO)!Z%\1@$^=856:G,JP&UH54R[IB@BTJ=41Q $
MU[RD0ES",R1HZ50C@0]#+&9R`"X_[K0[9SN?FLUZ'71_@I]S*,P7`487*886;50<9:QO!#6.!5'9;SD6_H/+ACMJJQ6#=TR%&`$!
MOU/;3]><2UQ3,`'V0?)#A]L?=SSA,WUA0E:P%CK(-H^'3378"\%:#QTKRD*]
MNE=KK$!(2TKFR4!U;)[QB>Y7PY4M(Q\!MBU.+8ED';Q)0#'5%4#R@HXP\+1>
M<9JC7E;`L2*+#.-@?R_&HE0@ ;U3UC(;#1+LR9
MBU>N!PH.UD#QS!2Y;\3;#\U[0BAJI38Q`K9IP,%9$O&GB
M,]4@DWLG8+[]@6_CS8TGK(?;)IL8D))1/3`:\1%Y#-4::%AQII2:>P=[>\O2
MH(8_$!6]V[7Y)>K:,"R ](43IJH"< 2=OHV9\_?EHB_C7\P C/YCB#)'GVWH
M>Q'XR=C8!17G0HF#I(GJ=A7!-5BP[-
MQJC2V[TMW^N[@O_%K.S':,8NM%'5_YM%RB2PC$E8:$`V1()*Z]C7??%1('M>@VU/^2Z/'X]#R
MDMTQQV=73-QQD\D.2]^;6>:"T@56O0L@63@K].DP](?[;%A.M:P!=U2^O\?O
MV.G#D#DRW7ADP)C$*B\1-GL$T*K85V7E1"[-_KN#I:!?"+?'I%1!H3,V(X$E
M:SX;DRN#)(:%\67*RWJCUFP\#=SY$,__P,P.&+LI[B7D=`K$X@@SY5]CK]JL
M+0JO[9CN@'UQY698.!DB3\&Q#,Q,^5B:Q ?H`>L$58)JH&+4]-I`=UT&ZA&O;JB./@05;FU&:.R1KI&>;;%NK
MB&R49U`]F-)'8&YZ,_)*UNN[+()DC;X+N$M;5F`)!&N'ML84EFW@S2I]91O8
M5]WSV@;F#/:T5Y#WM6K@#>+:ZB3 [
M91T?Q_F\IZK%8E+K'Z/IR%DU)6ZV'-PU$;S"8*936ZLVWNWO9TGM>:_'328D
M3F_P?)5WOP4'_,DP,K6Z>\VXZ*1AV`C&M65;+48?*&/!J&2`3_W;=B:.'6YG
M8;8$IHQCHHGSA8\BFC#+>';Z0KAXZXYU-/HF&8S@.`33,CU^I])_MK7:>R*\
M#(G*UF^N[>_%1V ]$V%JW#.;CV3SR-2X1 7"G71XF9*5Z4C5FD^X
M?.=QHF*[,FC.MKF=,@?!&K=1PKVFK5'_2/=K)'VA&\\VL\P!-?P$NME%02;(?=JS=SK35(?\>]
M2QG$ZO3S1?RF)P'+E))U>8#YIB3;`X\OAN[EUY%&X^5P(9/CDSFA)9N;$::)
MT>IUG;KRJ8G&3P.8+4D;4C4;9X$24?WXS!7HN&\C#WO3V#(U!E,78#R%DCR3
MOX)->/?NX*5Q(Z/K-9X[&]9K5O(VRV?HX:FEU)-IFCQV$GP/$*B3W`I25+60
M,>O \K+G!SWD(49 ;#"-5#U
MVM[^2V3)RNN>O!&TNI7:`D59*N8U:+!$BE9@U=IY,U&IR6=3YGH!HC)EQ@:U
M^0S/I3X9+'T^K,A8*++BQ`4=J7O0@[KAIO&Q*V=\DB#;+"*C66O&MJ_G@-DH
MZ'7FW6P9^_+^PS,=K)6S;;:,?VEG0'U*]MBU;?TAP`!_Q(D-[*MKP_48D(V!
M7 -3STRX5O?IT9R#LV!N\EZINKZ'J3ZQ/ZU@C#E[+FZI
MP_]2+GF'>KX`3^3(ET"MQ-L5/[M`+\`TF7"N`>J1G5EJW*>?;._]D$AO9+./
M.Z9KN^*0_$UO,[PG/6BVU*,#;H\.R'S!)''9/A#N@SL^[1#W9)9()W@M*
M2_X7.R1&=>B%#[#I0^*X`A@2/+NC@E/'FWAZKXZ$1`]MYGE,E.208G97[#GP
MI=2?*.R*81_\LT-"?[@]XH/277X$#S!+ZC*'E3!B@Y[3^[[W&.J
MBQC&>VZY]]"4`3]=844(5$.`L_N#0UO8H/2$^X.5H(;7#]X'5`OFF?VHS0$5
MM]R)8Z$VOX4'_X(%$N^-WN_\=.N]Q]'HXH_.^?4I, #F@%0SB\_
MMSKM_VQ=M\\[NZ33NOYV>4K.S\C1MZMVY_3JBK0Z)^3S>;OS&;\D>WQZV/S7>_TKNJ03J.?1';7L$/]4<
M91;A#O&@CEHD$+='.NR.6I2X#CDW/1>6`L1H[A)TT,LDUC@9ZO,"D@R8,/N8
M$BHQGQ5^H`L=8,-!5_?^$Z9
M;>._N@-L!/CT@^GF_"%^`QI&P^L'P,VH5>`>R+<886+XZO9FG87J:N_E:1N89NATM
MB2[["3-5T)[4#>6I-W83OFR?6N!)$AI]&958P0=;H?*_[S5WZPU#^9J^Q'N+
M,$<4'-7(\53%:GN[1M,@/1A,U?J(44$88+*F^R\3O,$+1K]/P;D="NZ8?*C7
M'0`"OV.!WCH1V7=^+FY'QGMG^>]"F
MZB-U*M""^Z7_HJ"6A;AEO1$KI1\14P#;9O06TP
M5-1"T=*O50BGAQOC"L00[`G''?&>C_NXA/5Z^,K5\13!3!=C,0$J%8.R0>-S
ML'+Z5C8P,?`W4TI?5:$#=4572EEE[NSH.WQ0G'K`^U%HKL8F$#B$UQH$]@L(
M]9%LW$['>F7RE3KT5I%+NLSF["YL3`$P=6=#:!5*@&WL,N2=1W\P!\EWN]@2
M,"5,H@#:]9EQQ,P'0ULWC99,V3MVRTTRM,'4CV-1"J4*F>&6^DC9T+AK\,CX
M15,ZR&=89DS!6_PN-"%C?8232RN3BIY9
MCRNAQU WU=;P-OF=8BDSY=0S
M%L&G[P#G4K:"B$:N.*F.^J&E4#]B]P45_,WCY,U0S6U9S\4W" (\M@N4RVF>`XTXQ ,^&7I0U\PU6U?"7DFUEN5H#8*U)PZBU!!Z/8P!@L0:PN"=L/$%4P%I*?S#4
ML0!E&*D.;>BX!B[=,5H>1"NB,`96C0 @H%[8WV+/49U(C!*5
M=7=6D`*$OU,YAIW,PB7TASYUH7'8W5+W-L0J*=:J:QS*I&5ZOH[U^[8ZL^3;
M2`30+\(@BRMC_"J36/P@QL98)[II;.N.X:9!=Q2$9F9(@`X^8 =&
M(`?V P=R/G):V`\W[A==2>"V;7#53RU5.1NOJ
MF%R[0VZ2@UIU5PNINJ&*?(T)RCD8^])7T.[A&LR_5^@MY,&06)KF`N
MI G
M[^(_0Z%RLG%#S529(3K96LL\1TK`J[1CFX0)__B. 36GB2Y**>2#T`.Q:PUX)1P[P9MO'T3;R62=E?`F\*7IX"2-RX
MUSWMABI>G["`$LX$[G$EMXLG(W`6:7,25+1@@.\PO0L7?(#.=(5PNZY0J5JP
M?(NJ!3APPM%BPA43;ND)5T].N)B$!3()O9K]1/Y)%+S`N>,ELV'<>R<1Q@%?
MZUY)?2*T,Y;?(866,"$25Q_W*N@!#A).-)PR821#QQQBAFA$NFKC(\AYZ>*'
MX"/#Q%4@:S*5L9""1^;+_%_YT3&Y"TN;N
M.(NL5DV5[.A( M!P,N#KBC_ :MXS$;;/E?SP(G?^Q6GA7V3#
MR2MV6^Q?Y%9OO4BG0I\ V*Z&ELY8J6%&-+0?I&843S
M;T1S9SC."L.1#2?Q""^Y8(*HFS4+IN9QQKXH\]&%A9M);!0[,"!$72^/%L&D
MMAF<6^^.B,6#6Z%BY]A^1H9YNFH4$E6'V_#F9-U4W[55)KI."2/Z7"@N]O0M
M3L11U]/KS+FH5B*[#,^\ZUNP+&ZK/+!-H0W[FX,Z@.O&/BX[E1B7!+]88UP'
ML?4HC:M.51EO7^%6D[HHS/68.EEJCW3/N#JW6%LQ?%[88X`&7S[7YO%,?\^=J`^Z
MYSRARM_922I39HD"6O
M)(?PW]_SZ)9:MH0M\$,X796';4FM[M/=Y]V_L[N##NKT^\Y>R_I*C^9^;A0D
M>A 0ZI[3SM8%('H1T9Q?DI(/Z
M$$6/=,@_2ZTG?S7]5I[[SPB2((#'@E-`L%<8,(Y;(%87&Z+,:L)P-$>Z;2>1
M3[$]CVG]_%-HV>.Q3PE_7>IL/+AQ[@4GY(K$)Q
M0HL\.3:(P;%*P-VM?*:O@D;Z7F\*_$"8;]3LA?D3PQU`?Z'?^UGJF\
MW:-6?\O=`*^3*CE:L+"4])"W=@X._Y9N\A=HR-4`IPI&/H"?H&$,"=OC&$:O
M/LT?J>4(WY>M87D@^CY&4!_^GHX_4H,'N4?9F8JM#`H5BT`Q4A.D>'
MK>ZT64$XBE.1I7:K3?:"&BK>@T8$_UJXHRU&[1XI4]H
MF(%1Y,XO@?DZ<1+&%,WY&)4Q'%N[&*:#!OALDW+(33VH/U&^T)Z[MA: -&__BP`N&6/#,_^42_?;/:#N+YW:R+3RL!*YKKE>H%
M*LFY>C[19:Z X[5D>9"9LOS)_[=>/._5+>
MC(4*?#'/GEJ)\%VL4\UGD6RI,V*F=PNG5V-4^Q0W4]],0+$>P=5-Y^O5,-Z\
M:9+4AA#]]F9WR8U,I(:>R?2R-& '?K):YG-L>B65;"Z3P&`2&+:CSR:<
M;1(8S(R;!(8M)_Y6)C` =.0J
MCQ&4D4V!!35TD"4"";():*G(3K.DH49@`.-Q%/Z@6H+^H_7NX*AQU&[GD9G"
MX1#1^#/`!QWQ(+D#T7A[!WWH]1%@B6`$N*2A5XQ(,/M2UN\PX/;D$!F_J2#1
M%@^.E#]F/2`QBM[(#6I@""7-*\@+A'6P^.SWO-<1?`+B(M/YE7> JL*`P,AE/!G]2;8;0$C]LQ'^F#DNTK'-T-F)9:05!? C:/;
MG8*M:F-M`GDLB]!0QI$',D45`;ZSOV.='!$@K(]<<0PQ).L^$WP1RK\)2.@@
M40@_>O7H/,GW7>\[?O['_B1NWMKV^+U6D?@D+1Y]!4:]XXGX!OK_JQ\Z][^\
M??,/]<2%>-#NC,(`/CI Z/>H2M1I>U3^_=,.OJ&\O&FWO_&?F\MOO BG.3J?S=^O+V>G9Q8UU !]4+78KW2EV6DWK)V/6.DL'!,JV76"X*YG6+@,
MF-(.Z_PV7'+3"B\)6BV3,56`C\0H_"X*JL?:\#UK-:96N1Q:AD7UAQT#=:S?
MT-1"H#=9-P5!VPCZ??#([2N$J0P#+RNQYA+ WX>"_>B"6!QVK">0E,/TN5']/BD`K?
M+UT*'IIRMW"CRR/8[6NO\!3R810G;$R6-!&$8*V#)(R>6G42BD^*?0DYF(#<
M=UGLR[?-/#]O!U#NZWCLH[8`^S0*%:JB_\B/*B>#\!G3`=[LR[K-DG3:;I1O
M*[XH=YM;0FNUO0IV27Y]JOTG>R;M^DK=-.S7"*I5"*J WIH(Z!&'`&;BKE :S+&0DA4G[<4,&014)&Q4>@B%PY5`
M1*,@C:`AF2N7&4TQ6XDI:#R4LO.0#;)MM,![&[+)>((UUX2K9*8:2EKR+#!(UA&:O>!0Y4P%6(W1N
M0OI,\^9Q+&B(8/FY^F_IFN5)S.EB#`,*2PYTJ\!1.L^#L.\#$< 8=V=*!P`L6"-@?P#5G!/N@WH1+#\8I8KJA`?[-A83@<6RHW% X-\)>`/VD(C")\ATMT,LD`>23, 3%KD?4EWJ68X^]!#JO:EV3[@4O]]%G$,OJ@P)[H$1G
MX8!)O85Y5>IM5AXA-R]`.-Z7=J#VX0@G)H@J>9I1W#LB!?MB0RYC9$]SBC=*'D4^2$F0G,TW+F`9WR-4V
M!1=KTJ&;R>,"Z\S&UA%B%N:,@9G#291&11!2AV,R1/Y,Y44&DY$55CPOB&E>
M;22OT5'JK*-TNL4Z"NKFH#C8,Q+B.D&?7N[RK@*T[QQ9>W_7^X1,@$HR-7^E
M>N!7]B,SE?]395)O1#2*9=W3$XIR7DDQ?D,(6%C5B9@X[N(;F%V1P,M1"/X*
MEKISYPEDU +S'9B1+>P@A*)
M;"^`%8>/`BZ11=SD6NAC-?:@Q#@*E2KZQ+,`'X"K':V`*!
M0_UQB"H#M'EGJ!*E5%$U9/4:.]JX)>>O^FY&]8.
M"F57 K;M='+J?G#%`^7&Y]8-I?M&)'UE>-6
M4]L`;MH=[$U[V*9:G&$ES#,U-$>]2)F=\OULX\H?!&W3.,GO\*S6:.:;+/*G
M!J[J%ZZ3W/"XG^3=IJ&",3/,#\JBI>`IYD",`MVC''L<8;DX*EF>0E9J11B\
M5/=8U=@DPQ_D:MQ0!L_;-[*`[42,O[)7$7\`7FG[*A>))H>J
MH4S9W=Z"I-$,(UB>Z%X!%NW&F">)@^%2-4I,JGXKJ\O1-2FTY&MEPN0T)=R_
MBC6IW&H8:/B`6[=0I\ &1+:3?S).!^
M.QL)I,NM= ]S1%[S.1.SD^O3E2=*NOZ[+1AN9Y+>P]5-`G).Q`^
MZ[ G[S;Y/U
M8;CS*LLBHH8T`3LU(AT->"'Q9=!K\'.GW6ZT^6]:OS -T4?2IDR>J^/C4
M.I4:=)!LL>1SR=DLNC>M?EAWCAVIBO]!TM^K%OLZYHV;>1H$_L+\PU`-:M
M@/OQQ!$>K$'H-E5)Q@)-;X)I=G0XJ%:3O.U+?VOT"V#/Z=+'93^7\8YM,-W>
M'77Z%N5GWMG^,,NXT++/9+(+KEETT$2NBD50A@D62);;0\;>Z[5^S?)]'932
MV'G!X40K/3VH\W+T#T*/9=;E+#>&-=GK]>;Q>:E\$(.'NWOM=CXYE/9)B+5Z
M*;JFJA"1JM(XZ!Z8"([9!!O.2^)
MK=,[3PRMLQ_"F9`3_W(XA/NBUCQOV+=TE=FK'=^A+@__P&3`^T;M&9ZP>
M5^$.,V MGB]P/J41A^OT^BC(?>62X'-"P$=UZ#T!(,7*'0$3+ZA[*M<6H"*
M7ENW(A`1)O7@=3'6LHR^!AY^H[5-XN-D!*1U;)4)&VL1?10;(_M>6"+=()3O
M&,>3T7@V891S7C%C%9U)$OH!$Z886`D?]3T^)*)2)[4C)V3%TT#(YYH^DRVC
MW,/\.E=6X'XZ-ZRD7_*0"M^4N@# 6*>
M:DJOEJ5A4&AD=*?]W-C6=Q&E^15QR7CD82=ZLJ&A0>FE8E(P*TZH+3(E,>]J
M.DMUUB+,2W9=YG^RO0C!:.%ZRB_/Z235*-,6C"JP>E7@M$@T[=6 TC)US_J+&0+1KL,\R!4%;\49#,!K"FLQ$F89+L!U\VN.HVV[P(B6>;/VA
M+>!6_C[+\>TH.S:9QQ`9INN\0?J($WD#5`@$2#67<3:RW%[]9A*@,8*&>O$=
MG6;-KEIW'J@B8(A2\KB$>N(<0B\`T11C`K&;SQO6GJYGF;.-^PW,UEF44I\1
MM\/J-,]YL6$^ZR3@S'E8=O^9A/@?J,X.FW\V9[ZKH\94JQ='@M#;*41HE%=D
M4S12J95J`H3S[,W*-2OWN2NWN]#*I8B0-X)U&)796S.+NU'01K;6%VI0;9/T
MO`^FBO-;&HJ] TSV`S>;;3:;V6S/WFR]_&;35IA \(U3_"0$*(LB/*>6!@#0X1_Q"5D*`-"9/[3Q+T+MD!Q!>&DX)T4K6T,(
M(8@GW\'=(?>#_2KHS=?(+H'R`W2Y!"R:V(3
M%)O`!"7L,>.>:$-B$`N)&Z%@,ABC`2=--BS3JC6`*9:\"I--R\*F+MMQB)UX
M)#D;"7>NW)LKQG+'`,4M=OV+$OQ\JY%[:Y=[9T;N+8>2 [=B^@V!*
M[+L%QN>E$"52)OQW3"7AZ-% #VX\5#,F#0-0A-!.^@SRYU4%=]:=R
M&3=X"H-/`[F>3[DQZ^JM>M\3O59GFC3 UXEM)'9QY)PPP,
MT_=HC;G7:S>V#M[J"O,?V^L]>ROM*CN9\;A:559S*`
MHQRLH2HYFE5RI2,Q(%S0=X@YOWPR70E:SKOE:ZH444DB,!>61?FGY?^F^+E/
M)"@SP#%(Q!02$7J%T;:X97U<1PFM!G/$*NMD@FL0QRFX,M3A6QE
M^K:LHY,A*F.Z,8P13%N$FM!)0G"[6LL20Y*SC.D`:9+X"();.'\9)"@ZH1>9
M3:IFI%6K38>7]R)[P=20)-"'K!=$Z GQ),)J+ZC^:ZBQPOHD;Z7F\"^?
MQ[!@O]/A\$@>:^@#_8[_6L\ _8XAM&K3_-':CG"]V5K'W;:_'V,56KX
M>SK^2`T>Y!XEMBFV-@B3)!QE-$M=DT8Q!6O'8*%UOBKO`YI`.,+?BPTUW[
MNVO;Y_TDVL2DRC75Y);AX=8![N_IYO@']J=@-WQWX3?HLM:A8E\+-:]V#W>L
M*7G5P+>=^^EK:M]SU_/7J!/O$>G/ IIM]ID
M+ZBAXCUH1/"OA1OZ3%FXFMJ].Q"!&'K)7JJ?RX,9Z`^8)"$8RGD-NY3F:@2'
MV/OG,I1RU&[1XTSHHZ8GYW.$/5U#E3+0Z\CY&
M90S'UB[&S;!(!] ]I)>`9-^Q5E,57HC5$"3X?-%^;._;J)X7XIXW/#"2CA\^RIE?#CQ3K5
M?!;)ECHC9GJW?3137Q.W-C)NX_983?ROC]L 9>A9:5@N_+C[UOQMD^OU\7&!`G0`3,
M$* 64J!I$JJ^3O4IX
MZU\F>%V_>.9NY5U996K*LW5J-[@J''4;N<1@L+A$!&\,YP#_:!_B\?8.^M#K(]`/
MG9[G \4'\V9>R?H'R#A"!?FE>%ZB_#'K`8E1]$9N4,,`*&E>(3T4
MU,,N>QVA!B"RJ^`B[91_B4@I0!T@8Q#G&HWGMZHPB3`R&4\&?Q*>>VB)'S8B
MV%*')6K3.3H;L>ZJ`M&]9IS:N3!%9=A#.C[15>2%T15!('P1LCJ.Q-XX(0PF
M!$#X2+5XQK)TF\$M6C%NT>\&MZ@:Q:97;LW)MVE0BCHFDFR^5LDIF(LV`IS+
M`T&$PS%&]IC6R*0RV`/$^8G2%@-K(L*@'GH`B:@)`,$H4MHQ=7G<>TJS+D
M'#*X ?,A5F^3@.*S%2S$0;#`>#X6`P'#;5J?I)8H/A8'*&3$J8F=YR1E6?E#"#
MX5"?W(62T'M!U=`7Q'*+8\(J(1D:.*',K9/`_9P54%E9.-C$@)<5=();!I%%
M20$?=K"BAP`J`5TXXZT)`_>]0.Q8^\_5,4W$V,0/-QW",A'CGVW&3<2X#L3?
MRHBQ01`P"`(&0\)/'
M$LST;O7TUC)4M,3P"-"A:=.)-?6FY89-BD(EE4(<>I0D"ZWDPBKISV> $"R&(,+OS3[("`+SGHO8P#KI4SEJ-*39.EV.[W^YNAR$099!K)L?"WK
M8?Y:*.K:,D>TU'GL'O:.5S4BSHD]#V:X16KKG:10$>N8NH5V V.++
M']2"2W&]$U1QL3US#"N>D(J#T#0H]/.N9A)^Q-[[P/-!V8XF8F=_V1VJ3M$G
M.K1(1LZ:-:'Q)!+Z*NB#1M#JMP\T(;J$7NM$V"S/.3@Z:FO[=#$64WX7*`]>
M1!3XN+3)^04AM)J=;K/76:2C^2[HW9[=KM,[0LG&$SH$MW:)7;6#^N`R4)/X
M)CP!JQK;L?TKVW//@U-[["6X&,% 6C\&D=\*H]O];KO=V\?+^WCC#C:]/],V_8J/
M>._Q7_CZ_U!+`P04````"``#2'1&&@TTU)X%```1-P``%0``L``00E#@``!#D!``#=6]]3
MVS@0?K^9^Q]\Z6L=QZ',4*9YUH*DLY229)__I;.0XE
MB7\VX#@,#T#87>WNMUI]6IL/'^ ___SCPU^V_>W\;FA=""\*@6OK&F4""KXUHWIB7?ZT+WVJA;2^+FU9;KO;
M[K0[%O[X+_@ GQB75[;=FV68=1_F-$
M%%CH%U=GK8G6TU/'F LZWZZ'
M]]X$0F)3KC3AWB\M8R9-SWW__KT3_Q5%%3U5L?Y0>$3'F2KTR\J4,+_9*S';
M?&2[7?O(;SHF$HZ(P
MC*W95$.XT@^D"/,2O%I7_$X :/Q3[1`N
MXRNL,/1KSQ!DY7X#H'(YKC/#0TI&E%%-H<1^3A&NU]N>YXD(B_>6+,B(08D.
ME*ZPQWK)3OA6[60$V[PBNM?"^S$1#/U2IL7H10XD*GN+M@!SZ<>>%)T"
M:=)[+)_L5&^63VJ8S:N=O@A#P4M!L25Z$#AL!YB`T&T."#T?+QRQ#[>$^E>\
M3Z94&X>R&VN&QD%`DAEN@LQ1 ^R*\*NOR0TH1S\2R(YTG>%/"$*
M#0S@7T!`/9I'B$HH'PBPQ4E(L#MNSFY^0O[P1E:)-A6J-H/3YH:U"6(:%R[)
M4`XMU#3)DCS`V1@?X1U\];7#>.M>XUXQT\>;X&8*,K9>: 'E%.EC4,/D#B4XWN1YEY'7ID@
M;.ZXPOB;./"ZE2(`I6(_!I!;85NBAP'+=H3EVF"].'P"?<6Q^V?8^AX>
MD3&[S6]Z98T<2M_>X\E9'9+-7;D1=!-YS4V`=W*\^O1%:!I' 1!K_X,4:!XG[Y6$7`4FY:N4EI'I%^ZO&3@?RO!V@E
MD4S7?35@9J1FEW'B+A3 X3EHB1G8K&/4PK@LSKV>J&CFO
M9/GE:'LE-^H_JY_M[KDGS^\`L^[%C^(0M@SW>GH`OIGGF4M4A"XM?NGCK:I,
MO,^RSE[92P'8F;?UY\EP$^\5&2%^$F:C1]A5D9`5#[RK6'D%!9">G8;>1-("
MZ$\('R/SODC>KOQF>Q:_$!T+.B/3S+L)5
MK.RU1Y0$;K-75,I2$WG!;B=#XUO_&UL
M550)``/5&0Q5U1D,575X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``.5 N^5I;E
M-&UB-%NX3@H$2!HC2;M]$VAI'',KB5Z2RJ5?OZ1D.99UK^10;E\*6QX.S_!P
M>!F=]/V'1\_5[H$R3/R3GMD?]#3P;>)@_^ZD]^7VDW[4^_#WGW^\_TO7OWV\
MOM!.B1UXX'/M4MC,,3C:`^8+[>R'?N9@3JCV-?*EF?UA?]`?:.+C/^#XP!ST
M]%J[1-1>:.;1:VTX,`\UTQP-CT:'1]KT4M-UV8^+_>\SQ$`3N'QVTEMPOAP9
MQL/#0_]Q1MT^H7?&F0X8?UP$-N:QK?+BQM[`1[2L\;*QD"N*WJ2&$;\
M:0DG/8:]I0OQLP6%>6Z(\2^:'$_$IZ,QJ@$9_!EY-&=V".`I>WB"WMNR6D
MQ$/8WPW0R'4CG*$+W0-O!K1-D`F_31`N!!AJ!S/0UX&WB#/+>Q.T/N'C5E-F
MY3#$%`,J NW$8(S9P[X;R9(S8+
M)T_`]#N$EH8.7'9?FJ@M?*>)8TH&09GV
MUL$NB,D[/!6PDC?:V23EQ?*KD6.=;AYE=T92\BR^:Y;6076&+0'1(WZXIU\F
M#M(93*5LK3VL
MP_UAIRR0F"FS`57ID[E\8H53XAILP/=R>\P=\WQCZVWW![H0?3RZ0^6)?28#>AM+
M3TLT+!`%=A5P6=Z5Q>LB%K9MK>-](2$#>7<6J'"*G#,6@',:4(%N"A03YRMR
M`_@,#^$OQ7?%"NTMEGQ=.
MS51,,:%OE1,ZI<0&H2LY\#.2+BR\;2<5Z?V%(WEJFR&/*3O%:**J;U6#FM4_0D8V0K]!*OE/M,
M".-%Y]:B9I:ILF)2:V4MB>+YNMY^J7!"7!?"";'J_;F6EE ZNLC5_,YMH$R67H#D;HERUJ6N67N2YDD#_V:#_6UDL_`SWV;>'!!6-'"
ME+"SAOM2^TC!7@]]3I'#2(IT=B3;R1*V-7@-.@8;(JY&6UUJ)P*I%\@KB
MZD[*384OH%3^]4V]K"MNJ$2.U92[TI"Z(Q%*0OV)_*OF0(F@JUT:"T+[#?5"
M*NJ>3?FL'MM^:(=:E/"ID'_MB,YT:!W2#JEXQZU"#]:8VYH1=D=-I$B@HD(D
MUB+)U4+LC@SIE]*,-3\G5=6/J5<9C9U_`\9#4<8MR?E#KHV-I:I JR
MIJ0WC;@["J56E!C[6!_*BZ1,E90A#5C_)TOBR_]02P,$%`````@``TAT1L;R
MD6A"(```WL(!`!4`'`!A8G9N+3(P,30Q,C,Q7VQA8BYX;6Q55`D``]49#%75
M&0Q5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``U5U;2HD00!'@#\M!M10(.\8'GAH.#
M@[_\]7'C@0<41CCP?WQV_N+L&4"^$[C8O_OQV:?EU /OA]/3;MV\O'E>A]R(([TY?GIV].DT;/N,M/SQ&^*#UMU=IV_/3
MO]]KD_.7)J_,7CY'[C,Y!&'AHCM:`/?Y#_+1%/SZ+\&;KT6&S[^Y#
MM!:/P0O#4]K_U$=W,$8NI?^>TC]_2^G_*?GZ&JZ0]PS0EI_FDU(X[P]H\4ZG
M/X$^1GB+0ARX8[_>4(]Z]SKF10S#N,&H \B-QT;[2G1EHPP
MT[),^0?.`3&/JML@/,0)5P\^P7+^^OPEUYE_HM]\30W3T"=B'^/X:>*O@W##
MU/5P%<4A=.*4$!LZ(__UYZMW+W\Y_^7EQ_=O7WU5)W3Z4SH#!P,.413L0@=I
MH> $>0
MZPF^I'W_]R]\,!FV87CX/HCQ3@=*/E:`2UJ ?O+N]?TS]OWO_YR_OK]V;NOI?W[X+RW__7N^NPM_?/N_.;ZU=OS
MEV?E`RHR7,)C^W:`-C3"7%I3>\Q36M/0!RN-"#^'T)L0!?OX*WJJ4F?E'?M6
M7S(()=R3-`2L)2!-C2NGRO=2!7CEP3L=K7/8T:2Z.89P
MS"G9[X`VL$J_"&>_4K&(IKXK_ACMPI`^"4 -6=D@1A5W2+N:$*QE$$H91+>T"Z-(GT/I>I$]A*Z
MYIB]#KLBWT1UU,HQ"1LT3!%6*1_ES1-K;*7F*7E/RDI(_)+ZX2[.UZ7\529$
MQ I3ZVJCBI[*=TNQ7]#GO>K'WSS%PA&@8_<213M4*BC
MK>2$S,=YRB&6+-EIAY,_:`^0=@&\CU4*3.D%*@:!Y&^O6Q;\''@[/X;ATQ7V
M4*BDR,0=S46#BA!*6"MK"'A+*W27]#54!(/$[Z#C\"%?),[1-@AC[-\M8ACK
M.5A2.N8U5BG`LAAC$@_(.@#>PT)U)7]WBMI*^N*ZY3W&YB.RBK@+0HW`]6$W
M /@E#,6:@;2=14I*./T5*DHT]QTKJ&"S"?Q%'#A_+.XA>:VS74SS=6@V
M4@TU):-F@;*2@RU36:P78-T&@'KM;>=BY\@)8
MF4P@[F1.A1T.O82]>"/`6EFDO@337J&\BG.NRQAK&*W8^'?1R1V$6\X=R(NC
M])MC-DF^_DK-*J)+T]GZ"OO0=S!9GP81KDI%$8F1%DU32DT3^#'O9=U`L`99
M1Y#V-)V@TOBUJ.BX&N^Y/X8>1A&*(]4LJI)>?6N^TL$7MI%9`PF7-1YOG,L%
M;&O0B\5XN3"NHN43%5%=K2PF8EH-ET$3,_X@6P8;DX`VP(P^
MS>?CZ1(8%`Q]3M&Q##)>ZT]L1C"Z'_HN_3/^OQU^@!X9332,1S`,GX@7_AEZ
MN\I]7CUBI@R'*M0")Y(.+->6? 2",/Q"[/H]KC:-_-R!UD:G?DR]ER
M>`V^)R>COG-A2`+TUI6&UY.ES&W-XK&4B<7,V['LM39.PTM $*
M>SC&*")6CD7)[P//)?Q#K5W\5'>5JTS7M/G1F(!CELMUY>?D6`79].9XO_LS 7OUIDU7;Y6LGB:3&U$BA6B4R)-
M):%@RFA*04EDT8+@5&,XJ=.8DSUKC%HULTD-726G]>A#.DZP(ZNY6_@$5QZJ
MNYP24S%MV$K!%7S0I"%(6G:XU*H?T:T+QCK#). `10:QIB'L?V 3Y0T/V]-8_FRZG$P_CJ S%V=G9^=@"T/PP*&=GPW(5_0_$/$4=KB+[X,0_Q.Y
M`Y!]B=D,,,,=6)CBKL"]2H:MG'7[]1Z3S'J]%)[C?L:R=8H`1,[@_NR$22EK
M!D`F5U+!>C-X\^H5^Y&*U)NLJ4S:!H#\MD5.C!^09X_M*^-7>?Z'F%E[#%*Z
M+LODAMXMQ.[$'\$M)@MM[2AE"1G3]JX<7B&TE[4$M"G`/D@:6V3O:L'9)G`<
M,1SCQJJ"!=6"EE+^ZT^ '8B+/%G9^%PO<8>AC&*KH*0*GE:
M]GNV3H;*=("JC6OZ&%,FL?GT"!=]Q""D="TPF]\32%$Y=6MA&C/M+4FUU!-H
M1Z3[U'0QQ#YRQS#TB5,6#1UGM]EYE(TNT1H[6'NG4X&B:7=""?0Q6Z>=0-H+
M/,_U`TG''RQR,VK!S&-R>2OK7`UUIE7R.I0YUF08N'[XUZ*P;[-PKP5.@1(D
MOAEY$.%=E*3`&=A/M0Y"W8,Y2D`NT!WVJ52#%?2HO;7DF(W2X, D+@A#PWGQCA5::Y>6I
M+'`'6T":[+ED>RU6'-RNC>N"_.N/9(=(`LJ8ZZ(GAU)W1DL(36D:7LQLF&W5
M-4M^*%`S[=Y4@JW4,$FANWTGBQR=!N@2K5+8JNU=N[2*[U"[E*,R[LRH"6&-
M'(X2"32K7GBF0SWGY8""'0[+$2A5%6)-OD=--( C+9,O22U:RVRT*KY#B?M^$A'K%=O5XU@C"8I-U^4JI"Q(
M8]18SQUF-MJ^'&^$D4NC?4M6#?Y4S5&T9K%:*+M=?Z4J(V7:",IARF7.Y@5J
M+5RJ2U/C1D^!.96/E\DYTZ#`Z:W=RKI;8-0JUCDBH;(S1U\-B-6KM0HN4S53
M1M=I;5P9HD3+.N,D7[Z(! S#\&D2HTTT)9-(>I()]1B:
M&!'.TMS1Z&8(9G=%NIK6DIT5+O&` GD;@`5/W#I!_`LRG,J8/L DKA`D;8&?KN)?9VL?Y!
M@2IRIAV.:KB%,E%I0/'A(.`'>H>ENLT+A;,W&ELL?51!7D9:J2=V4
MHU![,HX9/24$$DJ`DP+!6G`0U@8Y[V ^1X!7Y;-&
M1[3(X2H&NY'P]%GE-$D%ID60H_LK+_A6.[-*2LNT3:\`6JR)FF:`$SZG'0#K
M83H?O/;TZU@YA??8Z\J5#H+%#5SD7CQ]BI`[\;-]B2&]O827F=,\I5"#LL$U
ML/XDB/PWQLDI&;!Z`L\I)8#]'W*;O7MJ=MWNULHLC(:+G\'5]>RWP[V[Z4 HS48/R)GQS(4$^(6'0!4A#O9;*G_`YQFW&70B:$:ND#Y1+8Y\U CDV>; PSR2A;ML\DGP1-U9T1LS8H
MT\HL'.\S74VFP^GH.]MG4N#^.OM,U:S?Z_%\!R$W.P7",H>1FUY[K^F>55`S
M[9)5@A6DZ[,.^P-;29 JEY#-2%S5_540Y3KD;07RZW*%;.UP/8W!Q=!CP%S
M /&F_:Z+VW%'`1439MW;4FH06OW2+;WS+TBZ>>`+<=D^@8
ML'''05_.F\0ERH6\QR+X9%Q#WZ5_Z,7)#\2ZT,`VRZT_#GRK^A9:-(U=+*$'
M7!A%I9N1[$..P@!P&D"P_V.!`](0-CWJ.)F.YN/A8@Q.";0Q__P#^1;0F(0U
MKD@=QI9?6Z'/U?V*,4VDIQ4CR,>)_X`B%O'T78&6N<21XP71+D1ULS`:/\^T
M,]/"A`E5`J7)2\?0?V5DF:H0AB;WI&VML-O!5"UVVZW'SH!`#[C[&2#K&I\L
M:MC &7
M5XA!-,,#VW#S5/6HF>;:DM_LJ)JBP@**B1L"MNF3VWG!IC)6EZ>1Y?J:-I9'
M0(I,SW_NAN&;U4&2#OR8[Q,82%R'V[AM$?&38O)@@9F,'`%FP;O[P'.)#J,^
M=/RDN]FM1LS8U22*4*6G@?,]_PQX7]/G@NN_"A4]K?-2#?#MLBR'5>FT]+*W
MQ%6E,]?+DGS.W)5DK(G%Y\^7PLQ-#?3&.(ES-#VL%O@T>#!\Q,K5TN1$C&N\
M$FB%0D9 W;$ 50:OB
M.?"%-[5/Q4E?EEH%* A%H8Y?@M],A"
MK/YLKIJJ=A"X0,"T\A5!*O`3:S/(5R%N7>'RXKWD'8=Q+:6K@N,"W6&?JB"P
M@A[-(1\D]94[0C/VW LC_L:D"DF^DZI$U;BOH@I>1T6ESHTQ
M'=4)8BUEU9D;U&057?]EJVLO^]PE+?%63'70D&WCBHRI5_[U51#2=+PVG*M#
M@C8Z6,>0CYGZ$CT@+]BR13U9)-TA,/9CEL0]`'GMEKE E"6.6(DB.S]IS=EQ%=.0%Z:KEID&ZZRCP/,242D)_GW^HZJU4TC'EF2@`
M+)Y,2%N#62KBY=FE1@QQ,U39'DW8'2HWD;-8SU)J3@>.6H`$Z& 8Z1`0LMT-8E67Z"RXJ[/'?VP_!(]QA>>
M0@GO^H2-'(2J.04J7#[+ W00,/
M.Q67'TG/MI93,AV4EX(L%L;,
MJUYJCRNM_ Q>3C='(U
M&0VG2S` >/)-(B[LFHC]G?8'#5/J
M]MG&CJ9J/AZ-CRSE?#8EGT?C&_*#/?:R39FJN,6R-8'JNZY@76MJH%YO==4\
M:8'>?5E:2TKR:DROCIDS7G3WN/[O-(C1_N8"_:66,D&CYX04( 2"[+M[E;/3KS[/KR_%\`<9_^S19_FZ-O=!FW>I#01I\:_S&,+KZ
M>Y**9]6U*=5$3=L)5>@ZEX6QSN!+\M> Z8*_9@K:3]^
M\IPRYYX? (TQK;J "'3P?B#K:)4P=HC8/L.HQ;UJYPPU
M6+?'B'Y2K_D6A3SINYY9K")CRBA6PRO47$W+CM-4?M;'*B%L!^1U$.4`6F,*
M%9E1:@C5.-'`Y<9F-F
MU[C67SDV>99I&]MPH@JKKH0 U
MPA%FA-0D;RP3J?9TR&0FI<74":?&-DER]/K0*#42E3J9#F=_]37YEYM.SEZ?
M6%0XIZ%\R!.R=]#KNAC!\6.^EYH$Q>EI?F@[H2G)KC7B6_0S-?*J
M#?\?UK@UG8BHU-GI0CZ-
MJ[1IX+O$A2,211RT!$'MO0P%TJ9#+WK34%?Y#,`!09!0-*9NNIL1.@$\H,)"
M*TG54*)"B!ZA==/\(`:YB:!U7G+J9[L+MP%M_]Q'C$!`=$\(()NEZ+ACOHPV=(YTG6>81Z4U2?4W$
MGT-SSD5!G.QA('O:]^`4-9N\_90\9/!AVMYV#Z>&SH.`M-\'ZYP!%0Y5LOX*[&E0[F9;
M=H>,?T Q!*4#]7>_WU4;WGJ'QT1U9CKEVH[/.+%!8M36?*N-;)
M[8,3,U';,SHB8XTW5("GNBQIW]$)8N@U,_KJ8*Q,]E#D/3V++F2\!LD;XG*C
M=7,TJJD93<50`7O,8Z*RNS;G5-3!J%$DV]**?NM`5A'``=@WQUW&(UJB^>BHW39LNR.\R%A\W:?*:Q(Y3M3EPQ\I7V`$&8UGOG3P!IWP&@
M#V'!,78G\>H)"+NE[9/#EV9N,>B<9T)4U3R?*7YB20I2^+A=PLQ63Z.X!;'=".4C'H213ODTO_3
M>,\HB&)E4]#H&:8,1 0U[ $_SQ]N!Y?42^8XC`??>)DIP?[@C<0O@ZOOAU
MG1Z=')T,^)]_8#_$D8\^_CSXAICW,AA^_O/@]&3X\V`X_'+Z^ D81'G"YPNCKP4LG)R:?CHN!!5O++
M>T1*I=\^%66'Q__\=OOHO>`Y.B1A%*/06]42S=35&YZ=G1VG_\J+1N1+E-:_
MI1Z*TYYJE&L@+2'^[[`H=BA^.AR>'GX:'KU'_H'H`T8#_("G@_3S7^*/!?YZ
M$)'Y(A!BI[^],#S]>H">7T->?_C3\#2K_:>"G5'H7X4QB3]NPBEE\U3F@X%H
M][>'FY+PO`V/AE$2Q)SQ(X_.CT6I8V5#Q]V$/$>!H.#Q!>/82*A218M"C!'C
M4%]P3#P4M):HW$I'\1YC%&-!P/WT?H&9.8&U#=@3Z@)%+]L+_6_&-,O7^]T,#GD]$EGA*/F&F:0;,[`U#2KVA+\.Q0G#]]/S)")\-8CXS/(KY5)RV3S,S)3;I-VN.I_,YXA]\,XBLY`O
M>![BDZ+GT204(HUYKWH$F[&AV61'P1^PATOM,AKR/[V4>S.!&YKJ/*NLM/#J
MWPE?:PPGE4IU.Y13-3]=J-=M>B=`GM!SL!48>6YQ"Z'.NH/-8O<8R(X=38
MHOF=L-(&BUG+NX0QW!Z.X6YF^/QK3_@]3@PWB:T^8'U2;:50TE:,Q*NSA`+&
MLF^$>":V)7C>JSDIM996._S;8A81CS`CE1E([
M43=J[U1FOA-D<0>IU^KO2.XG&J.@E<1K-7 KOJ4SZVI!F*_PM%Z,D()]M<>ACOQ!1--#9/Y+ZL:A7^E`@
M/$>4- )JO'1 9&[&RK(AY
M18O\SPIM98];7N)XD5JWA]X+"9:,3QF=F_=?(0MM1#*@C"^?7P]XG23B0M*%
M:*I8X;=,P05'PE!PPU7\_1_X0\G!1MG):7])J$(I6!CNF(81A^$+*-CNTQUW]T7"!,IK$GDH^%^,&-]97?*U2M+SLN*3G_I(@@)-
MP<>G'?-1@'GBS4HX6"\R^;F/_;Z!H.CKGX#Z>FE2*!2_MNSDES[W_B:4@H:?
M@6A8#VQ4RR&M[#H0
M>E(UN>`;CAEE:NNZ5'(R[+%Q74&RYQG6N''0^IV$:JGA\X?"C^R0625XB
MA4T]4!05)\->VN%ZP):$[=H\S\0;)\\!\:X#BNJ\F+7E)L->6N2U.):]+S'&
MCS<=UINXK3FQ2_ETK8B?HN@Y[=,D.IPAM,C8QT$F:A%P,
MPC>H-"(-/FZ3ZJW=W.U1C:((QY&&_.6"0`YOP\[<4'`I%*G'>\#Q33%?RK-H
MIT+^5/AX/;X$P6.^[="F CY'[/9IFFJ.P^S`BMS>
MD=>""NO8FY,;P+FP#+?:CRGZ$BAF9(]S-39YEEI_*!\7@J90FQP:-:6A8E&:
M%-7S*L'AP!J\%KMI]$YM%(6*675BL@Z$"U/QR/=))O08$?\FO$`+$@L$\BUR
M?0VHT% \O](8:]Y#]VPTG?(U"\4XNJ9,I/.($)NX
M\"#M@;0W%4K0L>7)$-8GUDI9+&"6YS?K*E7]"-N*V9
MS)-`"+2\Q$*A.4V5)T-HCUHKY="!)ACQU
MNS\&>)/MTL%!/AGNC=NLNWM4BK#[E"Y1`IC\FO+M4#^2;:R;OKR#[UDJJ9\:
M$F/,TJV$MC4L:Z#7R3G:$!TPG \1WX^HNJ0&<6&29YR4F
M^?'J'G.LMZ@KSSK!^DDLLUT&)C^^W9'RW;E':J^HWK'6W81`>,7LE'H[NL-(75U\#
MV$E1QX_$XR^5WPE"\XDLG%V]+W`8:0U.:1U@1X3Q*%4!L>9G`J7W5QQRB,$H
M]$?^G(3I37\Q><4Y8`7)#36!G0]*YNK);@;DQ(`>,SK%490*?HV5V;.;18&=
M"2TXK4'@QKBM](7)=`SL'&C!8QT$>[Y?N*#Z$E>V--W22(O(56E@^[_]BEJ"
M8(U*T#&Y@B32OK)\_(1#7=J"T3F>4H:S GJ0&
M\.&HELI1!\-:``&46&YS:BTBI7+0AZ",6:Q([T)J79$*6@2USE%$/&Z'7)(@
MB951@8::T.>=C.G5P&,M-``Z6O_`9/;"$8VX%&B&[Y+Y,V;WTQ3TFE]<7Q/:
M-0A]5LI80=K#M!9?J.H-2(1A^>`D7.IE(8*.3U!5#2#4P-<1( 3C_
M^"W"_DVX-$]&7DQ>LWS>9FSFC>U/"F8=&?*UUQRF`VF8[796L!-K.ZYT]EQ.
M'$J]GTZ)QS]_0>?"&,A?(Y8[7FJ*`\ =")NW(_[\DRNY(>*(/F*^I
M'@EP2:.?J+V58!N?`XZDV%2T+76/"UG`O`<81A&^Q-E_US#G9T/U4CDT&P$.
MY=A4*B/0+B0-5P%OW.%DI"$;=8%C0V9DZBI$%:,#>QC],63%=`&.-%G>T.J#
MMI=>#N=@E`#.DSCM6+N*QO8G;;6[M:N&Z5P:RI";5WHL-.VE$$*UH5Y0;_3K"P>T+$K
MFSIBAMJ%Q*;Z6_FS!_LV]^>JPS`&S4#'LMIM,TP1NN#KV,TK%N"7!]I3AQIH
MUAP9BU35N+0L=EH;]N8PO'UM^,F>D;HH'AV&TP71-R()C_]Y$[[B*+7(0[]F
ML;PDD1?0*&%8PVSMVC3\381M-:@K:FLI5ON1^(@C<86G3L)C5A+ZED$K%$H]
MI9M('3!=BYS=1II7Q:#O&MPJQV686SS_LKL\J`O^&PV(+^X#69L8UR_>*RX8
MA4N/:GEYO49]@(2II5Q/#1&F >GSZ*DJKN[PES(F+PR<1*-)DU)^%_S,FU?M-XZ]^@K`F2^&@TZ*
MP8WSJ\M=`K WYR!@\T?J&9&Q5R.\
MK2T->+S&Y#+#ZD5_P)D?1C36"6]M$,+S*+0TNW'S,F$<7A9T3F-*=_@M_1?U
MY*I1'SJ+PWC8Z@!R86\D`9OI?`?Z-QK8FZ2,]OS7('+A%(%*V[.?KRD3<8F6
M4T"IC;U)QN@X#51`N7%WB%+S.RI#32-[DXS1=5*HH'(C5+ZM#/!]R:#0H+T9
MB1OWD(C;:_/8F(BI$C^_*2OS"&'_/GQB*(R0UW!"VJ@=Z(P*H_%O"FQK]YC#
M:$7IAI5\PKLQ5XK&9J`S,%KJA!:N0B4^]U@EQN@C/;>=XRY..ES0*%9>(:NH
M!OWLH]%ZT("CH/@,A&))(.."!@%.M3`7>^7GEX4S%%4FP_WWP.E@6'EP>KUR
MV[C"Y+0_SCB9_$LV>WZTJLT-0_UQK54$7]+6[RM_N\8T3GOF':M(O^31TCD4
ML),'W:(:ISUR;]4)OZ1Q*P=(]C$ON/1\=?0C2]CB*!HSOE(W#9^T4,^S@]=Q
M;.]MD-V-GGLV0R'YGC9ZA^*$<2OW/(GXG!*)9^U_I>(6'LK-'F;PK)G$-C'X
MEF(\M&W*:&AT1_#$&3D/ZB]-:-T6T.#IT.5UQEI+Y"X,M\=D/D?L@T\^9!82
MOBJA,,YOJA)Q!KZ.>>(RA5WGK58DT+GW4%H)8A%2=:=J*)HU`+QX*;M `FO3PDGHR'_TTM7?,!A=?&"PAD6D]L58Y1=4-Z;J;?*;*`U-P-RK?:;
MK,/%.?9,Y.5]?&D9$GID$>@-3!O-[\VPU2)0ZD^QTA$N#/,:%PS(X2N-P0MO
MGE7ZZH[&>'6<6&MQU&T#>*#IG_'4Q[.M8TD[WW-2]9[SQ][3\KU70K`/G=&E
M57]OEC#]G: !SU&U(K0"`/M!GA\!K1%B:
M[7D_S2_?0,%-R#LCF:^45L&K5GW@P]9MZ-;%Y<9KGOF3[N*5`KY2"@#ZLWAC
M7>`3VFW8U\'DR!%#/!,*_8`7E"W[Z$.??:WZP">Y6WF/-'&YD1._^12A/O\-
M-8$/A[=AOAF1&XGOR_O0],F650$^--Z&9044-Y+=QXQ0EIW?X,M8@*(HM8!3
M:I8O$UWBR&-DT9!.9]H4\+GS-NK0`J(;;VQJN4C2`_P_'"3FFROO!?N)R)^_
MFDZ%O_MU]1S[`S ZX.S?;0G=(1[O;\_B":=)G+S,&/H@BG
M,9!;@IXY_K@8JF9*9-1B#STW[9%N[24+R#0GNDPY0>64DTMQF8Y)>N"/;* 9E"^3*/'`:
MB!T(H.SZ84,83_S6U,0(N0/+N9Z]9KR2_S#8-KQ"99MB^?/5NSB/A\]QR.>@
M>!1?8W%$/A"Y]0D7Z:-DE^@XTFQ\IX <>8
MJU9=*SVTY ":?@GFC`6C2)=Y8)^^6:P+LI2\Q7,&WMM>]].\B61YULC?8N5`NM0\;,M+2@?IJU@]P)%6NU
M$U=L3`&C8QT40@G(#1^H'.+5^X)DMQ1?JB!`*\DX5H/29'EVMDCQ'Q"?"#"!=2V ,O'*+=1R@[+JWQB>MZRL`QU+T
MB*HG60JHW\36JONMSAO7RHK`UTP`3O'K70#V `8L7N6/C20O2!;7*&B1[BL-M!U$A:)5R#;VIFDG>[3 " \T%ZP./P'=1!'YT;
MX1?5N_(=M*% IA[$?7O",Y[IB1YX3OIB[0@L0"BF*;J:HX&0(F]73:7C:A
M %388YU;3'5?:>]2[.3(6#N3P>%Z8K9VIOOO7]'
M?-A//Z0,RS9?B*]-XCD6XCVC"//_^7]02P,$%`````@``TAT1HH7A+7*!@``
M=C4``!$`'`!A8G9N+3(P,30Q,C,Q+GAS9%54"0`#U1D,5=49#%5U>`L``00E
M#@``!#D!``#M6M]OVS80?A^P_X'SRSJ@LJ*D21,C:=&T25$@:8HDW?I6T!)M
M$Z5(EZ22N'_]CI1H2S8M2W:P!G-?`D9WWW>_J!-EW?'KAY2A.R(5%?RD$W5W
M.HCP6"24#T\ZGV_/@\/.ZU>__W;\1Q!\.;V^0.]$G*6$:W0).@-*$G1/]0B=
M_0C.$JJ%1'_G7"CJ[G9WNCL(EO^0A!.5X,ES=(EE/$+1X7.TNQ/MHRCJ[1[V
M]@_1ITL4!,:.BD X:9=;6#(%BN>D#`&S-:2$7[?J\K
MY!!4=J+PR^7%C?78<3/*OU6T'_J2.?V]T(C[6!&G;J2)G@+*ROMA+IRJLAK>
M+Q=`7":E- DBQ.CHZ"BT4J?*R1!KDBPE/PJE8"0LU!PJ4\$0
MX_$4-!4-)^IHERL%AD7,M)-:&*Q-VAN`L+
MH;&V5[469U+"ME^&*Z0>-Q-"_1@0>-3)0SSRZQN)!T#Y'5':#\EEGF@XIK'R
M8ZS(0*(J1-'8#P"!1QT*H"=CHKREL1)/+$J/Y1(C(/%8D62P=*,=A""=56$L
M2;QB8T+GL7MS@&,=D( 8)R#E0B.0[G&1QIIDAR
MQ5_9-51)`8=%F(95H`H5'V)&V$P_QBS.V'(#827)&V7]%#/31&]&A.@\RY4K
M_JSN0BIO(`&D2&L!01:SY4G\A*'+ZA'1%!Q8S&A5[$_O7EUZT;,*Q5];F.YI
M;JX&5V,B2QW"*_$G^<5 2.Q7X:-%_&TD6`)O'7#@IS$M>G$+?7\E#N8J42:LEJ7,^2 (IRK-#QEB':F2]#SE))>X5G"Y-?;NIGWS-X6W4G
ML87K_B1'"WN]A$0Y=!OSFM_QHKY_>'M.4XR_'KOK]QYXEA>K;7R*-\O^+>ZS
M=O4J$/YJ[6U2K9QY&VNU>(`2TP,4KAZ@WA&-J3L[KX'SU^W%QN 2VDOWPO'Z-\A8FM+.+"(;S:$I>*_>58^-'` 3$%VM8'U
MQ S&MEV(+MJ9WW56&&39L2DK*!,
M1SHR33`ZV,2#AJVP9%UO:KE^ EN*HU2J7(Q70P["#Y/K PQ1\#EP?60/=G!A;FCV9XH/X+4$L!`AX#%```
M``@``TAT1DL:MSAX-```\5@"`!$`&````````0```*2!`````&%B=FXM,C`Q
M-#$R,S$N>&UL550%``/5&0Q5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`
M`TAT1AH---2>!0``$3`Q0````(
M``-(=$8J/DRKKP8``,)*```5`!@```````$```"D@;`Z``!A8G9N+3(P,30Q
M,C,Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`4``]49#%5U>`L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4````
M"``#2'1&QO*1:$(@``#>P@$`%0`8```````!````I(&N00``86)V;BTR,#$T
M,3(S,5]L86(N>&UL550%``/5&0Q5=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%```
M``@``TAT1@4?LM2I$P``P3X!`!4`&````````0```*2!/V(``&%B=FXM,C`Q
M-#$R,S%?`Q0`
M```(``-(=$:*%X2UR@8``'8U```1`!@```````$```"D@3=V``!A8G9N+3(P
M,30Q,C,Q+GAS9%54!0`#U1D,575X"P`!!"4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````!@`&
+`!H"``!,?0``````
`
end XML 31 R5.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Statement of Cash Flow (USD $) 3 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2013 Dec. 31, 2014 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ (10,814) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ (46,052) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Imputed compensation 6,500 us-gaap_OfficersCompensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Increase in accounts payable 11,876 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable Net Cash Used In Operating Activities (10,814) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities (27,676) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Capital contribution 814 us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital Proceeds from sale of common stock 15,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock 53,300 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 15,814 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities 53,300 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities NET INCREASE / (DECREASE) IN CASH 5,000 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease 25,624 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF PERIOD 5,000 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD 5,000 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue 30,624 us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Supplemental disclosure of non cash investing & financing activities: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest expense X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash Equivalents -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507016 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3044-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for interest during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPaid Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Expenditures for salaries of officers. Does not include allocated share-based compensation, pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies, excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_OfficersCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow associated with the amount received by a corporation from a shareholder during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromContributedCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration XML 32 R10.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 12 Months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 Recent Accounting Pronouncements [Abstract] RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS NOTE 3 – RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-10, "Development Stage Entities". The amendments in this update remove the definition of a development stage entity from the Master Glossary of the ASC thereby removing the financial reporting distinction between development stage entities and other reporting entities from U.S. GAAP. In addition, the amendments eliminate the requirements for development stage entities to (1) present inception-to-date information in the statements of income, cash flows, and shareholder equity, (2) label the financial statements as those of a development stage entity, (3) disclose a description of the development stage activities in which the entity is engaged, and (4) disclose in the first year in which the entity is no longer a development stage entity that in prior years it had been in the development stage. The amendments in this update are applied retrospectively. The Company elected early adoption of ASU 2014-10. The adoption of ASU 2014-10 removed the development stage entity financial reporting requirements from the Company. The company elected early adoption of ASU 2014-10. In June 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-09, “ Revenue from Contracts with Customers”. The update gives entities a single comprehensive model to use in reporting information about the amount and timing of revenue resulting from contracts to provide goods or services to customers. The proposed ASU, which would apply to any entity that enters into contracts to provide goods or services, would supersede the revenue recognition requirements in Topic 605, Revenue Recognition, and most industry-specific guidance throughout the Industry Topics of the Codification. Additionally, the update would supersede some cost guidance included in Subtopic 605-35, Revenue Recognition – Construction-Type and Production-Type Contracts. The update removes inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue requirements and provides a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues and more useful information to users of financial statements through improved disclosure requirements. In addition, the update improves comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions, and capital markets and simplifies the preparation of financial statements by reducing the number of requirements to which an entity must refer. The update is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. In June 2014, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2014-12, “ Compensation – Stock Compensation ( Topic 718 ); Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide That a Performance Target Could Be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period”. The amendments in this ASU apply to all reporting entities that grant their employees share-based payments in which the terms of the award provide that a performance target that affects vesting could be achieved after the requisite service period. The amendments require that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. A reporting entity should apply existing guidance in Topic 718 as it relates to awards with performance conditions that affect vesting to account for such awards. For all entities, the amendments in this ASU are effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December 15, 2015. Earlier adoption is permitted. The effective date is the same for both public business entities and all other entities. Entities may apply the amendments in this ASU either (a) prospectively to all awards granted or modified after the effective date or (b) retrospectively to all awards with performance targets that are outstanding as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements and to all new or modified awards thereafter. If retrospective transition is adopted, the cumulative effect of applying this Update as of the beginning of the earliest annual period presented in the financial statements should be recognized as an adjustment to the opening retained earnings balance at that date. Additionally, if retrospective transition is adopted, an entity may use hindsight in measuring and recognizing the compensation cost. This updated guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition. No other accounting pronouncements issued by FASB (including the Emerging Issues Task Force), the AICPA and the SEC, did not or are not believed by the Company management, to have a material impact on the Company’s present or future financial statements. X - Details Name: us-gaap_AccountingChangesAndErrorCorrectionsAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure of changes in accounting principles, including adoption of new accounting pronouncements, that describes the new methods, amount and effects on financial statement line items. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6372559&loc=d3e765-108305 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 01 -Paragraph b -Subparagraph 6 -Article 10 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22499-107794 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22580-107794 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Direct Effects of a Change in Accounting Principle -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510796 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Indirect Effects of a Change in Accounting Principle -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515603 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Accounting Change -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6503790 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Change in Accounting Principle -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6507316 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.10-01.(b)(6)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27015980&loc=d3e46468-122699 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Retrospective Application -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6523989 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 250 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28359718&loc=d3e22583-107794 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 270 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6372559&loc=d3e725-108305 + Details Name: us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsAndChangesInAccountingPrinciplesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 33 FilingSummary.xml IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT 2.4.1.9 Html 29 89 1 false 5 0 false 4 false false R1.htm 001 - Document - Document and Entity Information Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/DocumentAndEntityInformation Document and Entity Information true false R2.htm 002 - Statement - Balance Sheet Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/BalanceSheet Balance Sheet false false R3.htm 003 - Statement - Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/BalanceSheetParenthetical Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) false false R4.htm 004 - Statement - Statement of Operation Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/StatementOfOperation Statement of Operation false false R5.htm 005 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flow Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/StatementOfCashFlow Statement of Cash Flow false false R6.htm 006 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementOfStockholdersDeficit Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit false false R7.htm 007 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit (Parentheticals) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/ConsolidatedStatementOfStockholdersDeficitParentheticals Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit (Parentheticals) false false R8.htm 008 - Disclosure - Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/OrganizationNatureOfBusinessAndGoingConcern Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern false false R9.htm 009 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies Summary of Significant Accounting Policies false false R10.htm 010 - Disclosure - Recent Accounting Pronouncements Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/RecentAccountingPronouncements Recent Accounting Pronouncements false false R11.htm 011 - Disclosure - Stockholders Equity Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/StockholdersEquity Stockholders Equity false false R12.htm 012 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Policies) false false R13.htm 013 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesTables Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Tables) false false R14.htm 014 - Disclosure - Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern (Details) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/OrganizationNatureofBusinessandGoingConcernDetails Organization Nature of Business and Going Concern (Details) false false R15.htm 015 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) false false R16.htm 016 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details 1) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/SummaryofSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details 1) false false R17.htm 017 - Disclosure - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetailsTextual Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details Textual) false false R18.htm 018 - Disclosure - Stockholders Equity (Details) Sheet http://www.abvconsulting.com/role/StockholdersEquityDetails Stockholders Equity (Details) false false All Reports Book All Reports Process Flow-Through: 002 - Statement - Balance Sheet Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Oct. 14, 2013' Process Flow-Through: 003 - Statement - Balance Sheet (Parenthetical) Process Flow-Through: 004 - Statement - Statement of Operation Process Flow-Through: 005 - Statement - Statement of Cash Flow Process Flow-Through: 007 - Statement - Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' Deficit (Parentheticals) abvn-20141231.xml abvn-20141231.xsd abvn-20141231_cal.xml abvn-20141231_def.xml abvn-20141231_lab.xml abvn-20141231_pre.xml true true 