. You should carefully consider the risk
factors set forth below and in other reports that we file from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the
other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The matters discussed in the risk factors, and additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operation and future growth prospects and could cause the trading price of our common stock to decline. Risks Related to Our Business and Operations We have had a history of losses, and we may be unable
to achieve and sustain profitability. We have experienced net losses
of approximately $15.6 million, $26.1 million and $6.7 million during the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012, respectively. At December 31, 2014, we had current assets of $10,706,806, current liabilities of $2,673,407, and cash
on hand of $6,402,687. We believe the cash balance is adequate to sustain operations and meet all current obligations as they
come due for a period of approximately 12 months. Excluding contract growing of our proprietary tobacco with farmers,
extraordinary expenses such as potential clinical trials, capital expenditures for our factory, and initial expenses
associated with the launch of our RED SUN cigarette brand, our monthly cash expenditures are approximately $500,000. While
our current cash balance is adequate to sustain operations for approximately 12 months, generating net income in the
future will depend on our ability to successfully operate our cigarette manufacturing facility, sell and market our
proprietary tobacco products and generate additional royalty revenue from the licensing our intellectual property. There is
no guarantee that we will be able to achieve or sustain profitability in the future. An inability to successfully achieve
profitability may decrease our long-term viability. We have had a history of negative cash flow, and our ability
to sustain positive cash flow is uncertain. We have had a history of negative cash
flow from operating activities, before cash used in investing activities and cash from financing activities, including
approximately $6.6 million during the year ended December 31, 2014. As indicated above, we believe our cash on hand is adequate to sustain operations and meet all current
obligations as they come due for a period in excess of 12 months. Continued generation of positive cash flow from operations
will depend on our ability to successfully implement the net income generating activities discussed in the previous risk
factor discussion. An inability to successfully implement our net income producing initiatives may decrease our
long-term viability. Our limited operating history makes it difficult to evaluate
our current business and future prospects. We have been in existence since 1998, but
our activities have been previously limited primarily to licensing and funding research and development activities. Our limited
operating history may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and our future prospects. We have encountered and will
continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by growing companies in rapidly changing industries, including
increasing expenses as we continue to grow our business. If we do not manage these risks successfully, our business will be harmed. We will mainly depend on third parties to market, sell
and distribute our products, and we currently have no commercial arrangements for the marketing, sale or distribution of our X-22
smoking cessation aid. We expect to depend on third parties to
a great extent to market, sell and distribute our products and we currently have no arrangements with third parties in place to
provide such services for our X-22 smoking cessation aid. We cannot be sure that we will be able to enter into such arrangements
on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to enter into marketing, sales and distribution arrangements with third parties
for our X-22 smoking cessation aid, we would need to incur significant sales, marketing and distribution expenses in connection
with the commercialization of X-22 and any future potential products. We do not currently have a dedicated sales force,
and we have no experience in the sales, marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products. Developing a sales force is expensive
and time-consuming, and we may not be able to develop this capacity. If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and
distribution capabilities, independently or with others, we may not be able to generate significant revenue and may not become
profitable. We have no experience in managing growth. If we fail to
manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan or address competitive challenges adequately. During 2014, we grew from nine (9)
to twenty three (23) employees. Any growth in our business will place a significant strain on our managerial,
administrative, operational, financial, information technology and other resources. We intend to further expand our overall
business, customer base, employees and operations, which will require substantial management effort and significant
additional investment in our infrastructure. We will be required to continue to improve our operational, financial and
management controls and our reporting procedures and we may not be able to do so effectively. As such, we may be unable to
manage our growth effectively. Our working capital requirements involve estimates based
on demand expectations and may increase beyond those currently anticipated, which could harm our operating results and financial
condition. We have no experience in selling Modified
Risk Cigarettes or smoking cessation products on a commercial basis. As a result, we intend to base our funding and inventory decisions
on estimates of future demand. If demand for our products does not increase as quickly as we have estimated, our inventory and
expenses could rise, and our business and operating results could suffer. Alternatively, if we experience sales in excess of our
estimates, our working capital needs may be higher than those currently anticipated. Our ability to meet any demand for our products
may depend on our ability to arrange for additional financing for any ongoing working capital shortages, since it is likely that
cash flow from sales will lag behind our investment requirements. 16 We have limited experience in operating and managing a
manufacturing facility. We have limited experience operating and
managing a manufacturing facility. The manufacture of products are subject to strict quality control, testing and record keeping
requirements, and continuing obligations regarding the submission of safety reports and other post-market information. In addition,
the manufacturing of our own products will be expensive to operate without sufficient production volume. If we are unable
to successfully manufacture or sell our products, we will still be liable for the costs associated with operating a manufacturing
facility. Accordingly, the operation of such manufacturing facility could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations. Our manufacturing facility is subject to FDA regulations. Manufacturers of tobacco and pharmaceutical
products must comply with FDA regulations which require, among other things, compliance with the FDA’s evolving regulations
on Current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP(s)”), which are enforced by the FDA through its facilities inspection
program. The manufacture of products are subject to strict quality control, testing and record keeping requirements, and continuing
obligations regarding the submission of safety reports and other post-market information. We cannot guarantee that our current
manufacturing facility will pass FDA and/or similar inspections in foreign countries to produce our tobacco products or the final
version of our X-22 smoking cessation aid, or that future changes to cGMP manufacturing standards will not also negatively
affect the cost or sustainability of our manufacturing facility. We will likely require additional capital before we can
complete the FDA authorization process for our X-22 smoking cessation aid and our Modified Risk Cigarettes. We are currently seeking a suitable joint
venture partner or licensee willing to fund further clinical trials for FDA approval of our X-22 smoking cessation aid.
At that time we will resume our own sponsored X-22 clinical trials. There is no guarantee that we will identify a joint
venture partner or licensee willing to fund further X-22 clinical trials on terms that are acceptable to us. We estimate
the cost of completing two Phase III trials to be approximately $20 million. We will also likely require additional capital in
the future before we can complete the FDA authorization process for our Modified Risk Cigarettes. The cost of completing the FDA
authorization process for each of our two potential Modified Risk Cigarettes is difficult to estimate since it is currently unknown
exactly what the FDA will require, including the number and size of exposure studies. If we raise additional funds through the
issuance of equity securities to complete the FDA authorization process for our Modified Risk Cigarettes, our stockholders may
experience substantial dilution, or the equity securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing
stockholders. If we raise additional funds through debt financings, these financings may involve significant cash payment obligations
and covenants that restrict our ability to operate our business and make distributions to our stockholders. We could also wait for
our own revenues and profits to be sufficient for us to provide such funding, which could delay our completion of the FDA authorization
process for our Modified Risk Cigarettes. We also could elect to seek funds through arrangements with collaborators or licensees.
To the extent that we raise additional funds through collaboration and licensing arrangements, it may be necessary to relinquish
some rights to our technologies or our potential products or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. If we choose to resume and fund our own
clinical trials for FDA approval of our X-22 smoking cessation product and we cannot raise additional capital on acceptable
terms, we may not be able to, among other things: • complete clinical trials
of our X-22 smoking cessation aid; • undertake the steps necessary
to seek FDA authorization of our Modified Risk Cigarettes; • develop or enhance our
potential products or introduce new products; • expand our development,
sales and marketing and general and administrative activities; • attract tobacco growers,
customers or manufacturing and distribution partners; • acquire complementary technologies,
products or businesses; • expand our operations in
the United States or internationally; • hire, train and retain
employees; or • respond to competitive
pressures or unanticipated working capital requirements. 17 If our X-22 smoking cessation aid does not gain market
acceptance among physicians, patients, third-party payers and the medical community, we may be unable to generate significant revenue. Our X-22 smoking cessation aid may
not achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, third-party payers and others in the medical community. If we receive
FDA approval for the marketing of X-22 as a smoking cessation aid in the U.S., the degree of market acceptance could depend
upon a number of factors, including: • limitations on the indications for use for which X-22 may be marketed; • the establishment and demonstration in the medical community of the clinical efficacy and safety of our potential products and their potential advantages over existing products; • the prevalence and severity of any side effects; • the strength of marketing and distribution support; and • sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement. The market may not accept our X-22 smoking cessation aid, based on any number of the above factors. Even if the FDA approves the marketing of X-22 as a smoking
cessation aid, there are other FDA-approved products available and there will also be future competitive products which directly
compete with X-22 . The market may prefer such existing or future competitive products for any number of reasons, including
familiarity with or pricing of such products. The failure of any of our potential products to gain market acceptance could impair
our ability to generate revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 18 Our principal competitors in the smoking cessation market
have, and any future competitors may have, greater financial and marketing resources than we do, and they may therefore develop
products or other technologies similar or superior to ours or otherwise compete more successfully than we do. We have no experience in selling
smoking cessation products. Competition in the smoking cessation aid products industry is intense, and we may not be able to
successfully compete in the market. In the market for FDA-approved smoking cessation aids, our principal competitors include
Pfizer Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, Perrigo Company plc and Novartis International AG. The industry consists of major domestic
and international companies, most of which have existing relationships in the markets which we plan to sell, as well as
financial, technical, marketing, sales, manufacturing, scaling capacity, distribution and other resources and name
recognition substantially greater than ours. In addition, we expect new competitors will enter the markets for our products
in the future. Potential customers may choose to do business with our more established competitors, because of their
perception that our competitors are more stable, are more likely to complete various projects, can scale operations more
quickly, have greater manufacturing capacity, are more likely to continue as a going concern and lend greater credibility to
any joint venture. If we are unable to compete successfully against manufacturers of other smoking cessation products, our
business could suffer, and we could lose or be unable to obtain market share. We face intense competition in the market for our RED
SUN and MAGIC cigarettes and our BRAND A and BRAND B cigarettes, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse
effect on our profitability and results of operations. Cigarette companies compete
primarily on the basis of product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, taste, innovation, packaging, service,
marketing, advertising, retail shelf space and price. We are subject to highly competitive conditions in all aspects of our
business and we may not be able to effectively market and sell our RED SUN and MAGIC cigarettes or other cigarettes we
may introduce to the market such as our BRAND A and BRAND B cigarettes as Modified Risk Cigarettes, upon
FDA authorization. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak
economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors’ introduction of low-price products or innovative
products, higher cigarette taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between price categories, and product regulation
that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products. Domestic competitors include Philip Morris USA Inc.,
Reynolds American Inc., Lorillard Inc., Commonwealth Brands, Inc., Liggett Group LLC, and Vector Tobacco Inc. International
competitors include Philip Morris International Inc., JT International SA, Imperial Tobacco Group plc and regional and local
tobacco companies. Our competitors may develop products that are less expensive,
safer or more effective, which may diminish or eliminate the commercial success of any potential product that we may commercialize. If our competitors market products that
are less expensive, safer or more effective than our potential products, or that reach the market before our potential products,
we may not achieve commercial success. The market may choose to continue utilizing existing products for any number of reasons,
including familiarity with or pricing of these existing products. The failure of our X -22 smoking cessation aid or our
cigarette brands to compete with products marketed by our competitors would impair our ability to generate revenue, which would
have a material adverse effect on our future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our competitors
may: • develop
and market products that are less expensive or more effective than our products; • commercialize
competing products before we or our partners can launch our products; and • initiate
or withstand substantial price competition more successfully than we can. If we fail to stay at the forefront of technological change,
we may be unable to compete effectively. Our competitors may render our technologies
obsolete by advances in existing technological approaches or the development of new or different approaches, potentially eliminating
the advantages that we believe we derive from our research approach and proprietary technologies. Our competitors may: • operate larger research and development programs or have substantially greater financial resources than we do; • have greater success in recruiting skilled technical and scientific workers from the limited pool of available talent; • more effectively negotiate third-party licenses and strategic relationships; and • take advantage of acquisition or other opportunities more readily than we can. 19 Government mandated prices, production control programs,
shifts in crops driven by economic conditions and adverse weather patterns may increase the cost or reduce the quality of the tobacco
and other agricultural products used to manufacture our products. We depend upon independent tobacco farmers
to grow our specialty proprietary tobaccos with specific nicotine contents for our products. As with other agricultural commodities,
the price of tobacco leaf can be influenced by imbalances in supply and demand, and crop quality can be influenced by variations
in weather patterns, diseases and pests. We must also compete with other tobacco companies for contract production with independent
tobacco farmers. Tobacco production in certain countries is subject to a variety of controls, including government mandated prices
and production control programs. Changes in the patterns of demand for agricultural products could cause farmers to plant less
tobacco. Any significant change in tobacco leaf prices, quality and quantity could affect our profitability and our business. Our future success depends on our ability to retain key
personnel. Our success will depend to a significant
extent on the continued services of our senior management team, and in particular Henry Sicignano III, our President and Chief
Operating Officer, John Brodfuehrer, our Chief Financial Officer, Michael Moynihan, Ph.D., our Vice President of R&D, and Thomas
James, Esq., our Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary. The loss or unavailability of any of these individuals may significantly
delay or prevent the development of our potential products and other business objectives by diverting management’s attention
to transition matters. While each of these individuals is party to employment agreements with us, they could terminate their relationships
with us at any time, and we may be unable to enforce any applicable employment or non-compete agreements. We also rely on consultants and advisors
to assist us in formulating our research and development, manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sales strategies. All of our
consultants and advisors are either self-employed or employed by other organizations, and they may have conflicts of interest or
other commitments, such as consulting or advisory contracts with other organizations, that may affect their ability to contribute
to us. Product liability claims, product recalls or other claims
could cause us to incur losses or damage our reputation. The risk of product liability claims or
product recalls, and associated adverse publicity, is inherent in the development, manufacturing, marketing and sale of tobacco
and smoking cessation products. We do not currently have product liability insurance for our products or our potential products
and do not expect to be able to obtain product liability insurance at reasonable commercial rates for these products. Any product
recall or lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
A successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a substantial monetary award. We cannot assure you that
such claims will not be made in the future. Negative press from entering the cannabis space could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Despite growing support for the cannabis
industry and legalization of cannabis in certain U.S. states, many individuals and businesses remain opposed to the cannabis industry.
Any negative press resulting from our recent entry into the cannabis space could result in a loss of current or future business.
It could also adversely affect the public’s perception of us and lead to reluctance by new parties to do business with us
or to own our common stock. We cannot assure you that additional business partners, including but not limited to financial institutions
and customers, will not attempt to end or curtail their relationships with us. Any such negative press or cessation of business
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any business related cannabinoid production is dependent
on laws pertaining to the cannabis industry . As of December 31, 2014, 23 states and
the District of Columbia allow their citizens to use medical marijuana. Additionally, the states of Colorado and Washington have
legalized cannabis for adult use. Furthermore, the states of Alaska and Oregon have approved legalized cannabis for adult use in
laws that will become effective in 2015. The state laws are in conflict with the federal Controlled Substances Act, or CSA, which
makes marijuana use, possession and interstate distribution illegal on a federal level. 20 We do not currently conduct any activities
related to cannabis in the United States. Our research facilities for cannabis are located exclusively in Canada. In Canada, licenses
to cultivate, possess and supply cannabis for medical research are granted by agencies of the federal government in Canada. In
order to carry out research in other countries, similar licenses are required to be issued by the relevant authority in each country. Local, state, federal and international
medical marijuana laws and regulations are broad in scope and subject to evolving interpretations, which could require us to incur
substantial costs associated with compliance requirements. In addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations,
could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our operations. In addition, it is possible that regulations
may be enacted in the future that will be directly applicable to our proposed business regarding cannabinoid production. We cannot
predict the nature of any future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, nor can we determine what effect additional
governmental regulations or administrative policies and procedures, when and if promulgated, could have on our proposed business. Risks Related to Regulatory Approvals and Insurance Reimbursement If we fail to obtain FDA and foreign regulatory approvals
of X-22 as a smoking cessation aid and FDA authorization to market BRAND A and BRAND B as Modified Risk Cigarettes, we will be
unable to commercialize these potential products in and outside the U.S., other than the sale of our BRAND A and BRAND B cigarettes
as conventional cigarettes. There can be no assurance that our X-22 smoking cessation aid will be approved by the FDA, European Medicines Agency (“EMA”), or any other governmental body. In addition,
there can be no assurance that all necessary approvals will be granted for our potential products or that review or actions
will not involve delays caused by requests for additional information or testing that could adversely affect the time to
market for and sale of our potential products. Our ability to complete the FDA-approval process in a timely manner is
dependent, in part, on our ability to obtain “Fast Track” designation for X-22 by the FDA. We submitted a request for Fast
Track designation for X-22 , and on August 18, 2011, the FDA informed us that it would not grant the designation of X-22 as a Fast Track product at that time because we had not yet demonstrated that X-22 showed potential to address an
unmet medical need. Except for our Phase IIb clinical trial, all smoking cessation studies with VLN cigarettes containing our proprietary tobacco were independent studies and were not sponsored by
us under our own IND application. We plan to reapply for Fast Track
designation, but not until results of a clinical trial conducted by us demonstrates an advantage (over currently approved
smoking cessation products) in one of the following areas: efficacy, safety or improvement in some other factor such as
compliance (a patient using a product as directed) or convenience. There is no guarantee that the FDA will grant Fast Track
designation to X-22 . We may also not obtain Priority Review of our X-22 New Drug Application
(“NDA”), which would further delay FDA approval of X-22 . The length of the FDA’s review of a NDA
without a Priority Review designation is normally ten months from the date of filing of the NDA, although it is possible in
certain cases for such review time to be longer. However, the FDA’s goal for reviewing a product with Priority Review
status is normally six months from the date of the filing of a NDA. If we do not obtain Priority Review of our NDA, we would
then expect the timing of FDA approval of X-22 to be extended several additional months. Even if X-22 is
approved by the FDA, the FDA may require the product to only be prescribed to patients who have already failed to quit
smoking with another approved therapy. Further, failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements can, among other
things, result in the suspension of regulatory approval as well as possible civil and criminal sanctions. 21 The development, testing, manufacturing
and marketing of our potential products are subject to extensive regulation by governmental authorities in the United States and
throughout the world. In particular, the process of obtaining approvals by the FDA, the EMA
and other international FDA equivalent agencies in targeted countries is costly and time consuming, and the time required for such
approval is uncertain. Our X-22 smoking cessation aid must undergo rigorous clinical testing and an extensive regulatory
approval process mandated by the FDA or EMA. Such regulatory review includes the determination of manufacturing capability and
product performance. Generally, only a small percentage of pharmaceutical products are ultimately approved for commercial sale. The scope of review, including
product testing and exposure studies, to be required by the FDA under the Tobacco Control Act in order for cigarettes such as BRAND
A and BRAND B to be marketed as Modified Risk Cigarettes has not yet been fully established, even though the FDA
issued Modified Risk Tobacco Product Applications Draft Guidance on March 30, 2012. We may be unsuccessful in
establishing that BRAND A or BRAND B are Modified Risk Cigarettes, and we may fail to demonstrate that either BRAND
A or BRAND B significantly reduces exposure to certain tobacco smoke toxins. Even upon demonstrating significant
reduced exposure to certain tobacco smoke toxins, the FDA may decide that allowing a modified risk claim is not in the best
interest of the public health, and the FDA may not allow us to market our BRAND A and/or BRAND B cigarettes as
Modified Risk Cigarettes. The FDA could force the removal of our products from the
U.S. market. The FDA could force us to remove from the
U.S. market our tobacco products such as RED SUN or MAGIC since these are not grandfathered products under the Tobacco
Control Act, and the FDA could force us to remove from the U.S. market BRAND A and/or BRAND B even after FDA authorization
to market BRAND A and BRAND B as Modified Risk Cigarettes. We intend to distribute and sell our potential
products outside of the United States, which will subject us to other regulatory risks. In addition to seeking approval from the
FDA for our X-22 smoking cessation aid in the United States, we intend to seek governmental approvals required to market X-22 and our other potential products in other countries. Marketing of our X-22 smoking cessation aid is not permitted
in certain countries until we have obtained required approvals or exemptions in the individual country. The regulatory review process
varies from country to country, and approval by foreign governmental authorities is unpredictable, uncertain and generally expensive.
Our ability to market our potential products could be substantially limited due to delays in receipt of, or failure to receive,
the necessary approvals or clearances. We anticipate commencing the applications required in some or all of these countries following
approval by the FDA; however, we may decide to file applications in advance of the FDA approval if we determine such filings to
be both time and cost effective. If we export any of our potential products or products that have not yet been cleared for commercial
distribution in the United States, such products may be subject to FDA export restrictions. Failure to obtain necessary regulatory
approvals could impair our ability to generate revenue from international sources. Market acceptance of our X-22 smoking cessation aid could
be limited if users are unable to obtain adequate reimbursement from third-party payers. Government health administration authorities,
private health insurers and other organizations generally provide reimbursement for FDA-approved smoking cessation products, and
our commercial success could depend in part on these third-party payers agreeing to reimburse patients for the costs of our X-22 smoking cessation aid. Even if we succeed in bringing our X-22 smoking cessation aid to market, there is no assurance that
third-party payers will consider X-22 cost effective or provide reimbursement in whole or in part for its use. Significant uncertainty exists as to the
reimbursement status of newly approved health care products. Our X-22 smoking cessation aid is intended to replace or alter
existing therapies or procedures. These third-party payers may conclude that our X-22 smoking cessation aid is less safe,
effective or cost-effective than these existing therapies or procedures. Therefore, third-party payers may not approve X-22 for reimbursement. If third-party payers do not approve X-22 or our potential products for reimbursement or fail to reimburse for them adequately, sales could suffer as some physicians or
their patients could opt for a competing product that is approved for reimbursement or is adequately reimbursed. Even if third-party
payers make reimbursement available, these payers’ reimbursement policies may adversely affect our ability and the ability
of our potential collaborators to sell our potential products on a profitable basis. The trend toward managed healthcare in the
United States, such as the Affordable Care Act enacted on March 23, 2010, and legislative proposals to reform healthcare and government
insurance programs could significantly influence the purchase of healthcare services and products, resulting in lower prices and
reduced demand for our potential products which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. 22 In addition, legislation and regulations
affecting the pricing of our potential products may change in ways adverse to us before or after the FDA or other regulatory agencies
approve any of our potential products for marketing. While we cannot predict the likelihood of any of these legislative or regulatory
proposals, if any government or regulatory agency adopts these proposals, they could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our clinical trials for any of our potential products
may produce negative or inconclusive results and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical and/or
preclinical testing for these potential products or cease our trials. We do not know whether clinical trials of
our potential products will demonstrate safety and efficacy sufficiently to result in marketable products. Because our clinical
trials for our X-22 smoking cessation aid and any other potential products may produce negative or inconclusive results,
we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical and/or preclinical testing for these potential products
or cease our clinical trials. If this occurs, we may not be able to obtain approval or marketing authorization for these potential
products or our anticipated time of bringing these potential products to the market may be substantially delayed and we may also
experience significant additional development costs. We may also be required to undertake additional clinical testing if we change
or expand the indications for our potential products. Risks Related to the Tobacco Industry Our business faces significant governmental action aimed
at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of preventing the use of tobacco products. Cigarette companies face significant governmental
action, especially in the United States pursuant to the Tobacco Control Act, including efforts aimed at reducing the incidence
of tobacco use, restricting marketing and advertising, imposing regulations on packaging, warnings and disclosure of flavors or
other ingredients, prohibiting the sale of tobacco products with certain flavors or other characteristics, limiting or prohibiting
the sale of tobacco products by certain retail establishments and the sale of tobacco products in certain packaging sizes, and
seeking to hold retailers and distributors responsible for the adverse health effects associated with both smoking and exposure
to environmental tobacco smoke. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions
to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volume in the United States and certain other countries, and we expect that
these factors will continue to reduce consumption levels in these countries. Certain of such actions may have a favorable
impact on our X-22 smoking cessation aid, or on our BRAND A and BRAND B cigarettes if we are able to market
them as Modified Risk Cigarettes. However, there is no assurance of such favorable impact and such actions may have a negative
impact on our ability to market RED SUN and MAGIC . Significant regulatory developments
will take place over the next few years in many markets, driven principally by the World Health Organization’s
Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (“FCTC”). The FCTC is the first international public health treaty on
tobacco, and its objective is to establish a global agenda for tobacco regulation with the purpose of reducing initiation of
tobacco use and encouraging cessation. In addition, the FCTC has led to increased efforts by tobacco control advocates and
public health organizations to reduce the appeal of tobacco products. Partly because of some or a combination of these
efforts, unit sales of tobacco products in certain markets, principally Western Europe and Japan, have been in general
decline and we expect this trend to continue. Our operating results could be significantly affected by any significant
decrease in demand for cigarettes, any significant increase in the cost of complying with new regulatory requirements and
requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products such as the implementation of plain packaging in
Australia. 23 If implemented in the future, the FDA requirement regarding
graphic health warnings on cigarette packaging and in cigarette advertising is likely to have a negative impact on sales of our
products. In November 2010, as required by the Tobacco
Control Act, the FDA issued a proposed rule to modify the required warnings that appear on cigarette packages and in cigarette
advertisements. These warning were finalized on June 21, 2011 and consist of nine new textual warning statements accompanied by
color graphics depicting the negative health consequences of smoking. The FDA selected nine images from the originally proposed
36 images after reviewing the relevant scientific literature, analyzing the results from an 18,000 person study and considering
more than 1,700 comments from a variety of groups. The graphic health warnings were to be located beneath the cellophane wrapping
on cigarette packages, and will comprise the top 50 percent of the front and rear panels of cigarette packages. The graphic health
warnings will occupy 20 percent of a cigarette advertisement and will be located at the top of the advertisement. Each warning
is accompanied by a smoking cessation phone number, 1-800-QUIT-NOW. Although these graphic health warnings were supposed to be
implemented in September 2012, a federal judge ruled that these warnings are unconstitutional. If and when these graphic health
warnings are implemented, all cigarettes manufactured for sale or distribution in the United States will need to include these
new graphic health warnings on their packages. Any reduction in the number of smokers will probably reduce the demand for MAGIC and RED SUN , as well as X-22 , BRAND A and BRAND B , if and when implemented by the FDA. MAGIC , RED SUN , BRAND A and BRAND B will be subject to these new packaging and advertising regulations . It
is unclear at this time whether the FDA may require X-22 and SPECTRUM to be subject to these new packaging and advertising
regulations. We may become subject to litigation related to cigarette
smoking and exposure to environmental tobacco smoke, or ETS, which could severely impair our results of operations and liquidity. Although we are not currently subject to
legal proceedings, we may become subject to litigation related to the sale of our RED SUN and MAGIC cigarettes and,
upon FDA authorization, our BRAND A and BRAND B cigarettes. Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters related
to tobacco use are pending or threatened in various U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Various types of claims are raised in these
proceedings, including product liability, consumer protection, antitrust, tax, contraband shipments, patent infringement, employment
matters, claims for contribution and claims of competitors and distributors. Litigation is subject to uncertainty and
it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco
related litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. The variability in pleadings, together with the actual
experience of management in litigating claims, demonstrates that the monetary relief that may be specified in a lawsuit bears little
relevance to the ultimate outcome. Damages claimed in some tobacco-related
litigation are significant and, in certain cases range into the billions of dollars. We anticipate that new cases will continue
to be filed. The FCTC encourages litigation against tobacco product manufacturers. It is possible that our results of operations,
cash flows or financial position could be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of litigation. Cigarettes are subject to substantial taxes. Significant
increases in cigarette-related taxes have been proposed or enacted and are likely to continue to be proposed or enacted in numerous
jurisdictions. These tax increases may affect our sales and profitability and make us less competitive versus certain of our competitors. Tax regimes, including excise taxes, sales
taxes and import duties, can disproportionately affect the retail price of manufactured cigarettes versus other tobacco products,
or disproportionately affect the relative retail price of our RED SUN and MAGIC cigarettes and, upon FDA authorization,
our BRAND A and BRAND B cigarettes versus lower-priced cigarette brands manufactured by our competitors. Increases
in cigarette taxes are expected to continue to have an adverse impact on sales of cigarettes resulting in (i) lower consumption
levels, (ii) a shift in sales from manufactured cigarettes to other tobacco products or to lower-price cigarette categories, (iii)
a shift from local sales to legal cross-border purchases of lower price products, and (iv) illicit products such as contraband
and counterfeit. We may become subject to governmental investigations on
a range of matters. Tobacco companies are often subject to investigations,
including allegations of contraband shipments of cigarettes, allegations of unlawful pricing activities within certain markets,
allegations of underpayment of custom duties and/or excise taxes, and allegations of false and misleading usage of descriptors
such as “lights” and “ultra-lights.” We cannot predict the outcome of any to which we may become subject,
and we may be materially affected by an unfavorable outcome of future investigations. Risks Related to Intellectual Property Our proprietary rights may not adequately protect our
intellectual property, products and potential products, and if we cannot obtain adequate protection of our intellectual property,
products and potential products, we may not be able to successfully market our products and potential products. Our commercial success will depend in part
on obtaining and maintaining intellectual property protection for our technologies, products and potential products. We will only
be able to protect our technologies, products and potential products from unauthorized use by third parties to the extent that
valid and enforceable patents cover them, or other market exclusionary rights apply. 24 The patent positions of life sciences companies,
like ours, can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain
unresolved. No consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in such companies’ patents has emerged to date in
the United States. The general patent environment outside the United States also involves significant uncertainty. Accordingly,
we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or that the scope of these patent rights could provide a sufficient
degree of future protection that could permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage with respect to these products and technology.
Additionally, life science companies like ours are often dependent on creating a pipeline of products. We may not be able to develop
additional potential products or proprietary technologies that produce commercially viable products or that are themselves patentable. Although there are currently no challenges
to any portion of our intellectual property, our issued patents may be subject to challenge and possibly invalidated by third parties.
Changes in either the patent laws or in the interpretations of patent laws in the United States or other countries may diminish
the value of our intellectual property. In addition, others may independently develop similar or alternative products and technologies
that may be outside the scope of our intellectual property. Should third parties obtain patent rights to similar products or technology,
this may have an adverse effect on our business. We also rely on trade secrets to protect
our technology, products and potential products, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable.
Trade secrets, however, are difficult to protect. While we believe that we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets,
our own, our licensees’ or our strategic partners’ employees, consultants, contractors or advisors may unintentionally
or willfully disclose our information to competitors. We seek to protect this information, in part, through the use of non-disclosure
and confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants, advisors and others. These agreements may be breached, and we may not
have adequate remedies for a breach. In addition, we cannot ensure that those agreements will provide adequate protection for our
trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information or prevent their unauthorized use or disclosure. To the extent that consultants or key employees
apply technological information independently developed by them or by others to our products and potential products, disputes may
arise as to the proprietary rights of the information, which may not be resolved in our favor. Key employees are required to assign
all intellectual property rights in their discoveries to us. However, these key employees may terminate their relationship with
us, and we cannot preclude them indefinitely from dealing with our competitors. If our trade secrets become known to competitors
with greater experience and financial resources, the competitors may copy or use our trade secrets and other proprietary information
in the advancement of their products, methods or technologies. If we were to prosecute a claim that a third party had illegally
obtained and was using our trade secrets, it could be expensive and time consuming and the outcome could be unpredictable. In addition,
courts outside the United States are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets than courts in the United States. Moreover,
if our competitors independently develop equivalent knowledge, we would lack any contractual claim to this information, and our
business could be harmed. The ability to commercialize our potential products will
depend on our ability to sell such products without infringing the patent or proprietary rights of third parties. If we are sued
for infringing intellectual property rights of third parties, such litigation could be costly and time consuming and an unfavorable
outcome could have a significant adverse effect on our business. The ability to commercialize our potential
products will depend on our ability to sell such products without infringing the patents or other proprietary rights of third parties.
Third-party intellectual property rights in our field are complicated, and third-party intellectual property rights in these fields
are continuously evolving. While we have conducted searches for such third-party intellectual property rights, we have not performed
specific searches for third-party intellectual property rights that may raise freedom-to-operate issues, and we have not obtained
legal opinions regarding commercialization of our potential products. As such, there may be existing patents that may affect our
ability to commercialize our potential products. In addition, because patent applications
are published up to 18 months after their filing, and because patent applications can take several years to issue, there may be
currently pending third-party patent applications and freedom-to-operate issues that are unknown to us, which may later result
in issued patents. If a third-party claims that we infringe
on its patents or other proprietary rights, we could face a number of issues that could seriously harm our competitive position,
including: • infringement claims that, with or without merit, can be costly and time consuming to litigate, can delay the regulatory approval process and can divert management’s attention from our core business strategy; • substantial damages for past infringement which we may have to pay if a court determines that our products or technologies infringe upon a competitor’s patent or other proprietary rights; 25 • a court order prohibiting us from commercializing our potential products or technologies unless the holder licenses the patent or other proprietary rights to us, which such holder is not required to do; • if a license is available from a holder, we may have to pay substantial royalties or grant cross licenses to our patents or other proprietary rights; and • redesigning our process so that it does not infringe the third-party intellectual property, which may not be possible, or which may require substantial time and expense including delays in bringing our potential products to market. Such actions could harm our competitive
position and our ability to generate revenue and could result in increased costs. Our patent applications may not result in issued patents,
which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting products similar to ours. We own or exclusively control 128
issued patents plus and additional 52 pending patent application. The patents owned by or exclusively licensed to us include
patents issued in 96 countries. We cannot assure you these patent applications will issue, in whole or in part, as patents.
Patent applications in the United States are maintained in secrecy until the patents are published or are issued. Since
publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature tends to lag behind actual discoveries by several months,
we cannot be certain that we are the first creator of inventions covered by pending patent applications or the first to file
patent applications on these inventions. We also cannot be certain that our pending patent applications will result in
issued patents or that any of our issued patents will afford protection against a competitor. In addition, patent
applications filed in foreign countries are subject to laws, rules and procedures that differ from those of the United
States, and thus we cannot be certain that foreign patent applications related to U.S. patents will be issued. Furthermore,
if these patent applications issue, some foreign countries provide significantly less effective patent enforcement than in
the United States. The status of patents involves complex legal
and factual questions and the breadth of claims allowed is uncertain. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that the patent applications
that we or our licensors file will result in patents being issued, or that our patents and any patents that may be issued to us
in the near future will afford protection against competitors with similar technology. In addition, patents issued to us may be
infringed upon or designed around by others and others may obtain patents that we need to license or design around, either of which
would increase costs and may adversely affect our operations. We license certain patent rights from third-party owners.
If such owners do not properly maintain or enforce the patents underlying such licenses, our competitive position and business
prospects could be harmed. We license rights to third-party intellectual
property that is necessary or useful for our business, and we may enter into additional licensing agreements in the future. Our
success could depend in part on the ability of some of our licensors to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection for their
intellectual property, in particular, those patents to which we have secured exclusive rights. Our licensors may not successfully
prosecute the patent applications to which we are licensed. Even if patents are issued with respect to these patent applications,
our licensors may fail to maintain these patents, may determine not to pursue litigation against other companies that are infringing
these patents, or may pursue such litigation less aggressively than we could. Without protection for the intellectual property
we license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical products for sale, which could adversely affect our
competitive business position and harm our business prospects. Our two worldwide exclusive licenses
relating to tobacco, one from NCSU and the other from National Research
Council of Canada, Plant Biotechnology Institute (“NRC”), each involve multiple patent families. The
exclusive rights under the NCSU agreement expires on the date on which the last patent or registered plant variety covered by
the subject license expires in the country or countries where such patents or registered plant varieties are in effect. The
NCSU license relates predominately to issued patents, and our exclusive rights in the NCSU license will expire in
2023. The exclusive rights granted to us under the NRC agreement would have expired on the date on which
the last patent covered by the subject license expires in the country or countries where such patents are in effect. The NRC
license related to issued patents and patent applications, and our exclusive rights in the NRC license was
previously scheduled to expire in 2028. On December 23, 2014, we purchased from NRC all the issued patents and patent
applications that were exclusively licensed to us by NRC. Our worldwide sublicense from Anandia, a plant biotechnology company based in Vancouver, Canada, grants us exclusive
rights in the United States and co-exclusive rights with Anandia everywhere else in the world (except not in Canada where
Anandia retains exclusive rights) to 23 patent applications relating to four genes in the cannabis plant that are required
for the production of cannabinoids, the active ingredients in the cannabis plant. The Anandia sublicense continues through the
life of the last-to-expire patent, which is expected to be in 2035. 26 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock An active trading market for our common stock may not
be sustained, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price at which you purchased them. An active trading market for our
shares may not be sustained. In the absence of an active trading market for our common stock, shares of common stock may not
be able to be resold at or above the purchase price of such shares. Although there can be no assurances, we expect that our
common stock will continue to be quoted on the New York Stock Exchange MKT (NYSE MKT) on which the shares of our common stock
are currently quoted. However, even if our common stock continues to be quoted on the NYSE MKT, there is no assurance that an
active market for our common stock will continue in the foreseeable future. There also can be no assurance that we can
maintain such listing on the NYSE MKT. It may be more difficult to dispose of shares or obtain accurate quotations as to the
market value of our common stock compared to securities of companies whose shares are traded on national stock exchanges. Our stock price may be highly volatile and could decline
in value. Our common stock is currently traded on
the NYSE MKT and the market prices for our common stock have been volatile. Further, the market prices for securities in general
have been highly volatile and may continue to be highly volatile in the future. The following factors, in addition to other risk
factors described in this section, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: • results from and any delays in any
clinical trials programs; • failure or delays in entering potential
products into clinical trials; • failure or discontinuation of any
of our research programs; • delays in establishing new strategic
relationships; • delays in the development
of our potential products and commercialization of our potential products; • market conditions in our
sector and issuance of new or changed securities analysts’ reports or recommendations; • general economic conditions,
including recent adverse changes in the global financial markets; • actual and anticipated fluctuations
in our quarterly financial and operating results; • developments or disputes concerning
our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; • introduction of technological
innovations or new commercial products by us or our competitors; • issues in manufacturing or distributing
our products or potential products; • market acceptance of our products
or potential products; • third-party healthcare reimbursement
policies; • FDA or other United States or foreign
regulatory actions affecting us or our industry; • litigation or public concern about
the safety of our products or potential products; • additions or departures of key personnel; • third-party sales of large blocks
of our common stock; • sales of our common stock
by our executive officers, directors or significant stockholders; and • equity sales by us of our
common stock or securities convertible into common stock to fund our operations. These and other external factors may cause
the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily
selling their shares of common stock and may otherwise negatively affect the liquidity of our common stock. In addition, in the
past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have instituted securities class action litigation
against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial
costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management. Future sales of our common stock will result in dilution
to our common stockholders. Sales of a substantial number of shares
of our common stock in the public market may depress the prevailing market price for our common stock and could impair our ability
to raise capital through the future sale of our equity securities. Additionally, if the holders of outstanding options or warrants
exercise or convert those shares, as applicable, our common stockholders will incur dilution in their relative percentage ownership. The
prospect of this possible dilution may also impact the price of our common stock. 27 We are controlled by our current officers and directors. As of February 3, 2015,
our directors and executive officers as a group beneficially owned approximately 24.6% of our common stock. Accordingly,
our directors and executive officers will have substantial influence over, and may have the ability to control, the election
of our board of directors and the outcome of issues submitted to a vote of our stockholders. We do not expect to declare any dividends on our common
stock in the foreseeable future. We have not paid cash dividends to date on our common stock.
We currently intend to retain our future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of our business, and we do not anticipate
paying any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Additionally, the terms of any future debt facilities
may preclude us from paying dividends on the common stock. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock could
be the sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Anti-takeover provisions contained in our articles of
incorporation and bylaws, as well as provisions of Nevada law, could impair a takeover attempt. Our amended and restated articles of incorporation
and bylaws currently contain provisions that, together with Nevada law, could have the effect of rendering more difficult or discouraging
an acquisition deemed undesirable by our board of directors. Our corporate governance documents presently include the following
provisions: · providing for a “staggered” board of directors in which only one-third (1/3) of the directors can be elected in any year; · authorizing blank check preferred stock, which could be issued with voting, liquidation, dividend and other rights superior to our common stock; and · limiting the liability of, and providing indemnifications to, our directors and officers. These provisions, alone or together, could
delay hostile takeovers and changes in control of us or changes in our management. As a Nevada corporation, we also may
become subject to the provisions of Nevada Revised Statutes Sections 78.378 through 78.3793, which prohibit an acquirer,
under certain circumstances, from voting shares of a corporation’s stock after crossing specific threshold ownership
percentages, unless the acquirer obtains the approval of the stockholders of the issuer corporation. The first such threshold
is the acquisition of at least one-fifth, but less than one-third of the outstanding voting power of the issuer. We may
become subject to the above referenced Statutes if we have 200 or more stockholders of record, at least 100 of whom are
residents of the State of Nevada, and do business in the State of Nevada directly or through an affiliated corporation. As a Nevada corporation, we are subject
to the provisions of Nevada Revised Statutes Sections 78.411 through 78.444, which prohibit an “interested stockholder”
from entering into a combination with the corporation, unless certain conditions are met. An “interested stockholder”
is a person who, together with affiliates and associates, beneficially owns (or within the prior two years did own) 10 percent
or more of the corporation’s voting stock. Any provision of our amended and restated
articles of incorporation, our bylaws or Nevada law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control of our Company
could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect
the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 28 Item 1B