 The following are certain risk factors that could affect our business, operations and financial condition. These risk factors should be considered in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report because these factors could cause the actual results and conditions to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements. This section does not describe all risks applicable to our business, and we intend it only as a summary of certain material factors. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be negatively affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock and our Series A Preferred Stock could decline. Risks Related to Us and Our Operations as an Operator of Healthcare Facilities Health care reform may affect our profitability and may require us to change the way our business is conducted. Health care is an area of extensive and frequent regulatory change. The manner and the extent to which health care is regulated at the federal and state level is evolving. Changes in the laws or new interpretations of existing laws may have a significant effect on our methods and costs of doing business. Our success will depend partially on our ability to satisfy the applicable regulations and requirements and to procure and maintain required licenses. Our operations could also be adversely affected by, among other things, regulatory developments such as mandatory increases in the scope and quality of care given to the residents and revisions in licensing and certification standards. We are and will continue to be subject to varying degrees of regulation and licensing by health or social service agencies. We believe that our operations do not presently violate any existing federal or state laws, but we make no assurances that federal, state, or local laws or regulatory procedures which might adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects will not be expanded or imposed. A failure to comply with applicable requirements could cause us to be fined or could cause the cessation of our business, which would have a material adverse effect on our Company. In March 2010, the PPACA and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were signed into law. Together, these two measures make the most sweeping changes to the U.S. health care system since the creation of Medicaid and Medicare. These new laws include a large number of health care related provisions scheduled to take effect over the next four years, including expanding Medicaid eligibility, requiring most individuals to have health insurance, establishing new 15 regulations on health plans, establishing health insurance exchanges and modifying certain payment systems to encourage more cost-effective care and a reduction of inefficiencies and waste, including new tools to address fraud and abuse. As the implementation of, and rulemaking with respect to, these measures is ongoing, we are unable to accurately predict the effect these laws or any future legislation or regulation will have on us or our operations, including future reimbursement rates and occupancy in our inpatient facilities. Our business depends on reimbursement under federal and state programs, and federal and state legislation or other changes to reimbursement and other aspects of Medicaid and Medicare may reduce or otherwise adversely affect reimbursement amounts. A substantial portion of our revenue is derived from third-party payors, including Medicaid and Medicare programs. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects would be adversely affected in the event that reimbursement rates under these programs are reduced or rise more slowly than the rate at which our costs increase or if there are changes in the way these programs pay for services. For example, services for which we are currently reimbursed by Medicaid and Medicare may not continue to be reimbursed at adequate levels or at all, or further limits on the scope of services being reimbursed, delays or reductions in reimbursement or changes in other aspects of reimbursement could occur, each of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The Medicaid and Medicare programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes affecting, among other things, base rates or basis of payment, retroactive rate adjustments, annual caps that limit the amount that can be paid (including deductible and coinsurance amounts) for rehabilitation therapy services rendered to Medicare beneficiaries, administrative or executive orders and government funding restrictions, all of which may materially adversely affect the rates and frequency at which these programs reimburse us for our services. On August 2, 2011, the President signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011 (the "Budget Control Act"), which raised the debt ceiling and put into effect a series of actions for deficit reduction. The Budget Control Act created a Congressional Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction (the "Committee") that was tasked with proposing additional deficit reduction of at least $1.5 trillion over ten years. As the Committee was unable to achieve its targeted savings, this regulation triggered automatic reductions in discretionary and mandatory spending, or budget sequestration, starting in 2013, including reductions of not more than 2% to payments to Medicare providers. We are unable to accurately predict the impact these automatic and potential reductions will have on our business, and those reductions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Federal governmental proposals could limit the states' use of provider tax programs to generate revenue for their Medicaid expenditures, which could result in a reduction in our reimbursement rates under Medicaid. To generate funds to pay for the increasing costs of the Medicaid program, many states utilize financial arrangements commonly referred to as "provider taxes." Under provider tax arrangements, states collect taxes from healthcare providers and then use the revenue to pay the providers as a Medicaid expenditure, which allows the states to then claim additional federal matching funds on the additional reimbursements. Current federal law provides for a cap on the maximum allowable provider tax as a percentage of the provider's total revenue. There is no assurance that federal law will continue to provide matching federal funds on state Medicaid expenditures funded through provider taxes, or that the current caps on provider taxes will not be reduced. Any discontinuance or reduction in federal matching of provider tax-related Medicaid expenditures could have a significant and adverse effect on states' Medicaid expenditures and, as a result, could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We cannot currently estimate the magnitude of the potential Medicaid and Medicare rate or payment reductions, the impact of the failure of these programs to increase rates to match increasing expenses or the impact on us of potential Medicaid and Medicare policy changes, but they may be material to our operations and affect our future results of operations. We are unable to accurately predict whether future Medicaid and Medicare rates and payments will be sufficient to cover our costs. Future Medicaid and Medicare rate declines or a failure of these rates or payments to cover our costs could result in our experiencing materially lower earnings or losses. We conduct business in a heavily regulated industry, and changes in, or violations of, regulations may result in increased costs or sanctions that reduce our revenue and profitability. As a result of our participation in the Medicaid and Medicare programs, we are subject to, in the ordinary course of business, various governmental reviews, inquiries, investigations and audits by federal and state agencies to verify our compliance with these programs and laws and regulations applicable to the operation of, and reimbursement for, skilled nursing and assisted living facilities and our other operating areas. These regulations include those relating to licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, construction of new facilities and additions to existing facilities, allowable costs, services and prices for services. 16 Recently, the federal government has imposed extensive enforcement policies resulting in a significant increase in the number of inspections, citations of regulatory deficiencies and other regulatory sanctions, including terminations from the Medicaid and Medicare programs, denials of payment for new Medicaid and Medicare admissions and civil monetary penalties. If we fail to comply, or are perceived as failing to comply, with the extensive laws and regulations applicable to our industry, then we may become ineligible to receive government program reimbursement, be required to refund amounts received from Medicare, Medicaid or private payors, suffer civil or criminal penalties, suffer damage to our reputation or be required to significantly change the way we operate our business. We operate in multiple states and the applicable regulatory provisions in each state are subject to changes over time. We continue to monitor state regulatory provisions applicable to our business to facilitate compliance with any revised or newly issued rules and policies. Federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws regulate both the provision of services to government program beneficiaries and the methods and requirements for submitting claims for services rendered to such beneficiaries. Under these laws, individuals and organizations can be penalized for submitting claims for services that are not provided, that have been inadequately provided, billed in an incorrect manner or other than as actually provided, not medically necessary, provided by an improper person, accompanied by an illegal inducement to utilize or refrain from utilizing a service or product, or billed or coded in a manner that does not otherwise comply with applicable governmental requirements. Penalties also may be imposed for violation of anti-kickback and patient referral laws. Federal and state governments have a range of criminal, civil and administrative sanctions available to penalize and remediate healthcare fraud and abuse, including exclusion of the provider from participation in the Medicaid and Medicare programs, fines, criminal and civil monetary penalties and suspension of payments and, in the case of individuals, imprisonment. We also are subject to potential lawsuits under a federal whistleblower statute designed to combat fraud and abuse in the health care industry. These lawsuits can involve significant monetary awards to private plaintiffs who successfully bring these suits. We believe that we maintain and follow policies and procedures that are sufficient to ensure that our facilities will operate in substantial compliance with these anti-fraud and abuse requirements and other Medicaid and Medicare program criteria. While we believe that our business practices are consistent with Medicaid and Medicare criteria, those criteria are often vague and subject to change and interpretation. We are unable to accurately predict the future course of federal, state and local regulation or legislation, including Medicaid and Medicare statutes and regulations, or the intensity of federal and state enforcement actions. An adverse review, inquiry, investigation or audit could result in: • an obligation to refund amounts previously paid to us pursuant to the Medicare or Medicaid programs or from private payors, in amounts that could be material to our business; • state or federal agencies imposing fines, penalties and other sanctions on us; • loss of our right to participate in the Medicare or Medicaid programs or one or more private payor networks; • an increase in private litigation against us; and • harm to our reputation in various markets. An expanded federal program is underway to recover Medicare overpayments. The Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 established a three year demonstration project to recover overpayments and identify underpayments on Medicare claims from hospitals, skilled nursing facilities and home health agencies through a review of claims previously paid by Medicare beginning in October, 2007. Medicare contracted nationwide with third parties known as Recovery Audit Contractors ("RAC") to conduct these reviews commonly referred to as RAC Audits. Due to the success of the program, the Tax Relief and Health Care Act of 2006 made the program permanent and mandated its expansion to all 50 states in 2010. We are also subject to other audits under various government programs, including Zone Program Integrity Contractors, Program Safeguard Contractors and Medicaid Integrity Contractors, in which third-party firms engaged by CMS conduct extensive reviews of claims data and medical and other records to identify potential improper government payments. We make no assurances that our claims will not be selected for any such audits in the future and, if they are selected for any such audit, the extent to which these audits may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are subject to claims under the self-referral and anti-kickback legislation. 17 In the United States, various state and federal laws regulate the relationships between providers of health care services, physicians and other clinicians. In particular, various laws, including federal and state anti-kickback and anti-fraud statutes, prohibit certain business practices and relationships that might affect the provision and cost of health care services reimbursable under Medicaid and Medicare programs, including the payment or receipt of compensation for the referral of patients whose care will be paid by federal governmental programs. Sanctions for violating the anti-kickback and anti-fraud statutes include criminal penalties and civil sanctions, including fines and possible exclusion from governmental programs such as Medicaid and Medicare. These laws and regulations are complex, and limited judicial or regulatory interpretation exists. While we make every effort to ensure compliance, we make no assurances that governmental officials charged with responsibility for enforcing the provisions of these laws and regulations will not assert that one or more of our arrangements are in violation of the provisions of such laws and regulations. Violations of these laws may result in substantial civil or criminal penalties for individuals or entities, including large civil monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in the Medicare or Medicaid programs. Such exclusion or penalties, if applied to us, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are required to comply with laws governing the transmission and privacy of health information. HIPAA requires us to comply with standards for the exchange of health information within our Company and with third parties, such as payors, business associates and patients. These include standards for common health care transactions, such as claims information, plan eligibility, payment information and the use of electronic signatures, unique identifiers for providers, employers, health plans and individuals, and security, privacy and enforcement. If we are found to be in violation of the privacy or security rules under HIPAA or other federal or state laws protecting the confidentiality of patient health information, we could be subject to criminal penalties and civil sanctions, which could increase our liabilities, harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the Internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and manage or support a variety of business processes, including medical records, financial transactions and records, personal identifying information, payroll data and workforce scheduling information. We purchase some of our information technology from vendors, on whom our systems depend. We rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential patient, resident and other customer information, such as individually identifiable information, including information relating to health protected by HIPAA. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of our information systems and the data maintained in those systems, it is possible that our safety and security measures will not prevent the systems' improper functioning or damage or the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Security breaches, including physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar breaches can create system disruptions or shutdowns or the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. If personal or otherwise protected information of our patients is improperly accessed, tampered with or distributed, we may incur significant costs to remediate possible injury to the affected patients and we may be subject to sanctions and civil or criminal penalties if we are found to be in violation of the privacy or security rules under HIPAA or other similar federal or state laws protecting confidential patient health information. Any failure to maintain proper functionality and security of our information systems could interrupt our operations, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Circumstances that adversely affect the ability of seniors, or their families, to pay for our services could have material adverse effects on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Approximately 6% of our skilled nursing occupants and nearly all of the occupants of our assisted living facilities rely on their personal investments and wealth to pay for their stay in our facilities. We expect to continue to rely on the ability of our residents to pay for our services from their own financial resources. Inflation, continued high levels of unemployment, declines in market values of investments and home prices, or other circumstances that may adversely affect the ability of the elderly or their families to pay for our services could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We depend largely upon reimbursement from third-party payors, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by any changes in the mix of patients in our facilities as well as payor mix and payment methodologies. 18 Our revenue is affected by the percentage of our patients who require a high level of skilled nursing and rehabilitative care, whom we refer to as high acuity patients, and by our mix of payment sources. Changes in our patient mix, as well as our payor mix among Medicaid, Medicare, private payors and managed care companies, may significantly affect our profitability because we generally receive higher reimbursement rates for certain patients, such as rehabilitation patients, and because the payors reimburse us at different rates. As a result, changes in the case mix of patients as well as the payor mix may significantly affect our profitability. Particularly, a significant increase in Medicaid patients will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, especially if states operating Medicaid programs continue to limit, or more aggressively seek limits on, reimbursement rates. We operate in an industry that is highly competitive. The long-term care industry is highly competitive and we believe that it will become even more competitive in the future. We face direct competition for patients, employees and the acquisition of facilities. Our skilled nursing and assisted living facilities face competition from skilled nursing, assisted living, independent living facilities, homecare services, community-based service programs, retirement communities and other operations that provide services comparable to those offered by us. We compete with national companies with respect to both our skilled nursing and assisted living facilities. Additionally, we also compete with local and regional based entities. Many of these competing companies have greater financial and other resources than we have. Failure to effectively compete with these companies may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our ability to compete is based on several factors, including, without limitation, building age, appearance, reputation, availability of patients, survey history and CMS rankings. We make no assurances that increases in competition in the future will not adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. The cost to replace or retain qualified personnel may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and we may not be able to comply with the staffing requirements of certain states. We could experience significant increases in our costs due to shortages in qualified nurses, health care professionals and other key personnel. We compete with other providers of home health care, nursing home care, and assisted living with respect to attracting and retaining qualified personnel, and the market is competitive. Because of the small markets in which we operate, shortages of nurses and trained personnel may require us to enhance our wage and benefit package in order to compete and attract qualified employees from more metropolitan areas. Further, acquisitions of new facilities may require us to pay increased compensation or offer other incentives to retain key personnel and other employees in any newly acquired facilities. Increased competition in the future with respect to attracting and maintaining key personnel could limit our ability to attract and retain residents or to expand our business. Certain states in which we currently operate may have adopted minimum staffing standards, and additional states may also establish similar requirements in the future. Our ability to satisfy these requirements will depend upon our ability to attract and retain qualified, nurses, certified nurses' assistants and other personnel. Failure to comply with these requirements may result in the imposition of fines or other sanctions. If states do not appropriate sufficient additional funding, through Medicaid appropriations or otherwise, to pay for any additional operating costs resulting from minimum staffing requirements, then our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. To date, we have been able to adequately staff all of our operations. However, we make no assurances that the ability to adequately staff all of our operations will continue in the future. Additionally, increasing employee health and workers' compensation insurance costs may materially and negatively affect our profitability. We provide no assurances that our labor costs will not increase or that any increase will be matched by corresponding increases in rates we charge to facility residents. Our ability to control labor costs will significantly effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation in the future. Successful union organization of our employees may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Periodically, labor unions attempt to organize our employees. Although we currently have no collective bargaining agreements with unions with respect to our employees or our facilities, there is no assurance that this will continue to be the case in the future. If future federal legislation makes it easier for employee groups to unionize, then groups of our employees may seek union representation. If more of our employees unionize, we could experience business interruptions, work stoppages, declines in service levels due to union specific rules or increased operating expenses that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 19 If we lose our key management personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our objectives, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are dependent on our management team, and our future success depends largely upon the management experience, skill, and contacts of our management, and the loss of any of our key management team could harm our business. If we lose the services of any or all of our management team, we may not be able to replace them with similarly qualified personnel, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Termination of assisted living resident agreements and resident attrition could adversely affect our revenues and earnings. State regulations governing assisted living facilities typically require a written resident agreement with each resident. Most of these regulations also require that each resident have the right to terminate our assisted living resident agreement for any reason on reasonable notice. Consistent with these regulations, most resident agreements allow residents to terminate their agreements on 30 days' notice. Unlike typical leasing relationships which require a commitment of one year or more, we cannot contract with our residents for longer periods of time. Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with our facilities may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We are subject to various federal, state and local environmental and health and safety laws and regulations with respect to our facilities. These laws and regulations address various matters, including asbestos, fuel oil management, wastewater discharges, air emissions, medical wastes and hazardous wastes. The costs of complying with these laws and regulations and the penalties for non-compliance can be substantial. For example, with respect to our owned and leased property, we may be held liable for costs relating to the investigation and cleanup of any of our owned or leased properties from which there has been a release or threatened release of a regulated material as well as other properties affected by the release. In addition to these costs, which are typically not limited by law or regulation and could exceed the property's value, we could be liable for certain other costs, including, without limitation, governmental fines and injuries to persons, property or natural resources. Further, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and the costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. While we are not aware of any potential environmental problems, no assurances are made that such problems and the costs associated with them will not arise in the future. If any of our properties were found to violate environmental laws, we may be required to expend significant amounts of time and money to rehabilitate the property, and we may be subject to significant liability. Any environmental compliance costs and liabilities incurred may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Disasters and other adverse events may seriously harm our business. Our facilities and residents may suffer harm as a result of natural or man-made disasters such as storms, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, terrorist attacks and other conditions. Such events may disrupt our operations, harm our patients and employees, severely damage or destroy one more of our facilities, harm our business, reputation and financial performance, or otherwise cause our business to suffer in ways that cannot currently be predicted. The nature of business exposes us to certain litigation risks. The provision of health care services entails an inherent risk of liability. In recent years, participants in the long-term care industry have become subject to an increasing number of lawsuits alleging malpractice, negligence or other related legal theories. In several well publicized instances, private litigation by residents of senior living facilities for alleged abuses has resulted in large damage awards against other operating companies. Certain lawyers and firms specialize in bringing litigation against companies such as ours. As a result of this litigation, our cost of liability insurance has increased during the past few years. We currently maintain liability insurance. This insurance is intended to cover malpractice and other lawsuits. Although we believe that it is in keeping with industry standards, no assurances are made that claims in excess of our limits will not arise. Any such successful claims could have a material adverse effect upon our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Claims against us, regardless of their merit or eventual outcome, may also have a material adverse effect upon our ability to attract and retain patients and key personnel. In addition, our insurance policies must be renewed annually, and no assurances are made that we will be able to retain coverage in the future or, if coverage is available, that it will be available on acceptable terms. Risks Related to Us as a Facilities Holding Company 20 We may be unable to achieve any of the benefits that we expect to achieve from the Transition. We may not derive any of the strategic or financial benefits that we expect from the Transition or such benefits may be delayed, if they materialize at all. The anticipated benefits of the Transition are based on a number of assumptions, which may prove incorrect. For example, we believe that the Transition will allow us to increase our cash flow, pay consistent cash quarterly dividends, maximize the value of our properties, expand into new geographic areas, reduce our financing costs and make opportunistic acquisitions. If the Transition does not have these and other expected benefits for any reason, then the Transition could have a negative effect on our financial condition. We may be unable to obtain the consents, approvals and authorizations of third parties necessary to successfully implement the Transition. In connection with the Transition, we will need the consent, approval or authorization of certain of our lenders, the lessors of our currently-leased healthcare properties and appropriate governmental entities, as well as other third parties, as applicable. We make no assurances that these consents, approvals or authorizations will be obtained, or obtained on a timely basis. Failure to obtain these consents, approvals or authorizations, or failure to obtain them on a timely basis, will hinder our ability to effect the Transition and could have a negative effect on our financial condition. Economic conditions and turbulence in the credit markets may create challenges in securing third-party borrowings or refinancing our existing indebtedness, which may prevent us from successfully implementing the Transition. Depressed economic conditions, the availability and cost of credit, turmoil in the mortgage market and depressed real estate markets have in the past contributed, and will in the future contribute, to increased volatility and diminished expectations for real estate markets and the economy as a whole. Significant market disruption and volatility could impact our ability to secure third-party borrowings or refinance our existing indebtedness, which may prevent us from successfully implementing the Transition. We rely on external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future investments necessary to grow our business or meet maturing commitments. We rely on external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing. If we are unable to obtain needed capital at all or only on unfavorable terms from these sources, we might not be able to make the investments needed to grow our business or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. Our access to capital depends upon a number of factors over which we have little or no control, including the performance of the national and global economies generally; competition in the healthcare industry; issues facing the healthcare industry, including regulations and government reimbursement policies; our operators’ operating costs; the market’s perception of our growth potential; the market value of our properties; our current and potential future earnings and cash dividends; and the market price of the shares of our capital stock. While we currently have sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our obligations and commitments, we may not be in a position to take advantage of future investment opportunities if we are unable to access capital markets on a timely basis or are only able to obtain financing on unfavorable terms. Our ability to raise capital through equity sales is dependent, in part, on the market price of the common stock, and our failure to meet market expectations with respect to our business could negatively impact the market price of the common stock and availability of equity capital. As with other publicly-traded companies, the availability of equity capital will depend, in part, on the market price of the common stock, which, in turn, will depend upon various market conditions and other factors that may change from time to time, including: • the extent of investor interest; • our financial performance and that of our operators; • general stock and bond market conditions; and • other factors such as governmental regulatory action. 21 We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, which would negatively impact our business and limit our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and to repay maturing indebtedness. The financing required to make future investments and satisfy maturing commitments may be provided by borrowings under our credit facilities, private or public offerings of debt or equity, the assumption of secured indebtedness, or mortgage financing on a portion of our owned portfolio. To the extent we must obtain debt financing from external sources to fund our capital requirements, no assurance is given that such financing will be available on favorable terms, if at all. In addition, if we are unable to refinance or extend principal payments due at maturity or pay them with proceeds from other capital transactions, our cash flow may not be sufficient to pay dividends to our shareholders and repay our maturing indebtedness. Furthermore, if we have to pay higher interest rates in connection with a refinancing, the interest expense relating to that refinanced indebtedness would increase, which could reduce our profitability . Moreover, additional debt financing increases the amount of our leverage. The degree of leverage could have important consequences to our shareholders, including affecting our ability to obtain additional financing in the future, and making us more vulnerable to a downturn in our results of operations or the economy generally. Unforeseen costs associated with the acquisition of new healthcare properties could reduce our profitability. Our business strategy contemplates future acquisitions that may not prove to be successful. For example, we might encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to our acquired healthcare properties, including contingent liabilities, or our newly acquired healthcare properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. Such costs may negatively affect our results of operations. We may not be able to adapt our management and operational systems to integrate and manage our growth without additional expense. No assurance is given that we will be able to adapt our management, administrative, accounting and other systems to integrate the long-term care facilities that we may acquire. Our failure to timely integrate and manage future acquisitions or other developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We may be subject to additional risks in connection with the long-term care facilities that we own or may acquire. We may be subject to additional risks in connection with long-term care facilities that we own or may acquire, including the following: • our lack of, or our limited, prior business experience with certain of the operators of the facilities we own or may acquire in the future; • the facilities may underperform due to various factors, including unfavorable terms and conditions of the lease agreements, disruptions caused by the management of the operators of the facilities or changes in economic conditions impacting the facilities or the operators; • diversion of our management’s attention away from other business concerns; • exposure to any undisclosed or unknown potential liabilities relating to the facilities; and • potential underinsured losses on the facilities. Our assets may be subject to impairment charges. We periodically, but not less than annually, evaluate our real estate investments and other assets for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on factors such as market conditions, operator performance and legal structure. If we determine that a significant impairment has occurred, then we are required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and funds from operations in the period in which the write-off occurs. We may not be able to sell certain long-term care facilities for their book value. From time to time, we may close facilities and actively market such facilities for sale. To the extent we are unable to sell these properties for our book value, we may be required to take a non-cash impairment charge or loss on the sale, either of which would reduce our net income. 22 Our business requires us to make capital expenditures to maintain and improve our facilities. Our facilities sometimes require capital expenditures to address ongoing required maintenance and to make them attractive to residents. Physical characteristics of senior living facilities and rehabilitation centers are mandated by various governmental authorities; and changes in these regulations may require us to make significant expenditures. Our available financial resources may be insufficient to fund these expenditures. Our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. We have a material amount of indebtedness, and we may increase our indebtedness in the future. Debt financing could have important consequences to our shareholders. For example, it could: • increase our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; • limit our ability to borrow additional funds for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business plan or other general corporate purposes on satisfactory terms or at all; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; • limit our ability to make acquisitions or take advantage of business opportunities that may arise; • expose us to fluctuations in interest rates to the extent our borrowings bear variable rates of interest; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. Covenants in the agreements evidencing our indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could materially adversely affect our operations. The terms of our credit agreements and other agreements evidencing our indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants which may limit our management’s discretion by restricting our ability to, among other things, incur additional debt, redeem our capital stock, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, pay dividends and make other distributions, make investments and other restricted payments, and create liens. Any additional financing we may obtain could contain similar or more restrictive covenants. Our continued ability to incur indebtedness and conduct our operations is subject to compliance with these financial and other covenants. Breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness in addition to any other indebtedness cross-defaulted against such instruments. Any such breach could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to particular risks associated with real estate ownership, which could result in unanticipated losses or expenses. Our business is subject to many risks that are associated with the ownership of real estate. For example, if our operators do not renew their leases, then we may be unable to re-lease the long-term care facilities at favorable rental rates, if at all. Other risks that are associated with real estate acquisition and ownership include the following: • general liability, property and casualty losses, some of which may be uninsured; • the inability to purchase or sell our assets rapidly to respond to changing economic conditions, due to the illiquid nature of real estate and the real estate market; • leases that are not renewed or are renewed at lower rental amounts at expiration; • costs relating to maintenance and repair of our facilities and the need to make expenditures due to changes in governmental regulations, including the Americans with Disabilities Act; • environmental hazards created by prior owners or occupants, existing tenants, mortgagors or other persons for which we may be liable; 23 • acts of God affecting our healthcare properties; and • acts of terrorism affecting our healthcare properties. Our real estate investments are relatively illiquid. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid and generally cannot be sold quickly. In addition, all of our healthcare properties serve as collateral for our secured debt obligations and cannot be readily sold. Additional factors that are specific to our industry also tend to limit our ability to vary our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. For example, all of our healthcare properties are “special purpose” properties that cannot be readily converted into general residential, retail or office use. In addition, transfers of operations of skilled nursing facilities, assisted living facilities and other healthcare facilities are subject to regulatory approvals not required for transfers of other types of commercial operations and other types of real estate. Thus, if the operation of any of our healthcare properties becomes unprofitable due to competition, age of improvements or other factors such that an operator becomes unable to meet its obligations to us, then the liquidation value of the property may be substantially less, particularly relative to the amount owing on any related mortgage loan, than would be the case if the property were readily adaptable to other uses. Furthermore, the receipt of liquidation proceeds or the replacement of an operator that has defaulted on its lease could be delayed by the approval process of any federal, state or local agency necessary for the transfer of the property or the replacement of the operator with a new operator licensed to manage the facility. In addition, certain significant expenditures associated with real estate investment, such as real estate taxes and maintenance costs, are generally not reduced when circumstances cause a reduction in income from the investment. Should such events occur, our income and cash flows from operations would be adversely affected. As an owner with respect to real property, we may be exposed to possible environmental liabilities. Under various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations, a current or previous owner of real property, such as us, may be liable in certain circumstances for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of, or related releases of, certain hazardous or toxic substances at, under or disposed of in connection with such property, as well as certain other potential costs relating to hazardous or toxic substances, including government fines and damages for injuries to persons and adjacent property. Such laws often impose liability based on the owner’s knowledge of, or responsibility for, the presence or disposal of such substances. As a result, liability may be imposed on the owner in connection with the activities of an operator of the property. The cost of any required investigation, remediation, removal, fines or personal or property damages and the owner’s liability therefor could exceed the value of the property and the assets of the owner. In addition, the presence of such substances, or the failure to properly dispose of or remediate such substances, may adversely affect an operator’s ability to attract additional residents and our ability to sell or rent such property or to borrow using such property as collateral which, in turn, could negatively impact our revenues. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive. Increasing investor interest in our sector and consolidation at the operator level could increase competition and reduce our profitability. Our business is highly competitive, and we expect that it may become more competitive in the future. We compete for healthcare facility investments with other healthcare investors, many of which have greater resources and lower costs of capital than we do. Increased competition makes it more challenging for us to identify and successfully capitalize on opportunities that meet our business goals. If we cannot identify and purchase a sufficient number of healthcare facilities at favorable prices, or if we are unable to finance such acquisitions on commercially favorable terms, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected. In addition, if our cost of capital should increase relative to the cost of capital of our competitors, the spread that we realize on our investments may decline if competitive pressures limit or prevent us from charging higher lease rates. We may change our investment strategies and policies and capital structure. The Board, without the approval of our shareholders, may alter our investment strategies and policies if it determines that a change is in our shareholders’ best interests. The methods of implementing our investment strategies and policies may vary as new investments and financing techniques are developed. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to retain key personnel and our ability to attract or retain other qualified personnel. Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of our executive management team and other key employees. The loss of the services of our current executive management team could have an adverse impact on our operations. In addition, our future success depends, in part, on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain other qualified 24 personnel. Competition for qualified employees is intense, and we compete for qualified employees with companies with greater financial resources. Our failure to successfully attract, hire, retain and train the people we need would significantly impede our ability to implement our business strategy. We may not have sufficient liquidity to meet our capital needs. Based on existing cash balances, anticipated cash flows, and new sources of capital, we believe there will be sufficient funds for our operations, scheduled debt service, and capital expenditures through the next 12 months. On a longer term basis, we have debt payments, excluding convertible promissory notes which are convertible into shares of common stock. We believe our long-term liquidity needs will be satisfied by these same sources, as well as borrowings as required to refinance indebtedness. In order to satisfy these capital needs, we intend to: (i) improve our operating results through a series of leasing and subleasing transactions with favorable terms and consistent and predictable cash flow; (ii) expand our borrowing arrangements with certain existing lenders; (iii) refinance current debt where possible to obtain more favorable terms; and (iv) raise capital through the issuance of debt or equity securities. We anticipate that these actions, if successful, will provide the opportunity for us to maintain liquidity on a short and long term basis, thereby permitting us to meet our operating and financing obligations for the next 12 months and provide for the continuance of our business strategy. However, there is no guarantee that such actions will be successful or that anticipated operating results will be achieved. We currently have limited borrowing availability under our existing revolving credit facilities. If the Company is unable to improve operating results, expand existing borrowing agreements, refinance current debt, the convertible promissory notes due are not converted into common stock and are required to be repaid by us in cash, or raise capital through the issuance of securities, then the Company may be required to restructure its outstanding indebtedness, implement further cost reduction initiatives, sell assets, or delay, modify, or abandon its transition plans. There are no assurances with respect to our ability to pay dividends in the future. We are a holding company, and we have no significant operations. We rely primarily on dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries to us so we may, among other things, pay dividends on our capital stock, if and to the extent declared by the Board. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other distributions to us depends on their earnings and is restricted by the terms of certain agreements governing their indebtedness. If our subsidiaries are in default under such agreements, then they may not pay dividends or make other distributions to us. In addition, we may only pay dividends on our capital stock if we have funds legally available to pay dividends and such payment is not restricted or prohibited by law, the terms of any shares with higher priority with respect to dividends or any documents governing our indebtedness. We are restricted by Georgia law from paying dividends on our capital stock if we are not able to pay our debts as they become due in the normal course of business or if our total assets would be less than the sum of our total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of the shareholders whose preferential rights are superior. In addition, no cash dividends may be declared or paid on the common stock unless full cumulative dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock have been, or contemporaneously are, declared and paid, or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof is set apart for payments, for all past dividend periods. In addition, future debt, contractual covenants or arrangements we or our subsidiaries enter into may restrict or prevent future dividend payments. The payment of any future dividends on the common stock will be at the discretion of the Board and will depend, among other things, on the earnings and results of operations of our subsidiaries, their ability to pay dividends and make other distributions to us under agreements governing their indebtedness, our financial condition and capital requirements, any debt service requirements and any other factors the Board deems relevant. We are subject to possible conflicts of interest; we have engaged in, and expect to continue to engage in, transactions with parties that may be considered related parties. From time to time, we have engaged in various transactions with Christopher Brogdon, Director, owner of greater than 5% of our outstanding common stock and former Chief Acquisition Officer of the Company. These transactions, along with other related party transactions, are described in Note 19 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8., "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data," and Part III., Item 13., “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.” We believe that our affiliations with Mr. Brogdon, and other related parties have been, and will be, beneficial to us. Although we do not believe the potential conflicts have adversely affected, or will adversely affect, our business, others may 25 disagree with this position and litigation could ensue in the future. Our relationships with Mr. Brogdon and other related parties may give rise to litigation, nominations or proposals which could result in substantial costs to us, and a diversion of our resources and management's attention, whether or not any allegations made are substantiated. The costs of being publicly owned may strain our resources and impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 ("Sarbanes-Oxley Act"). The Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls for financial reporting. We are required to document and test our internal control procedures in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. These requirements may place a strain on our systems and resources and have required us, and may in the future require us, to hire additional accounting and financial resources with appropriate public company experience and technical accounting knowledge. In addition, failure to maintain such internal controls could result in us being unable to provide timely and reliable financial information which could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities or cause us to be late in the filing of required reports or financial results. Any of the foregoing events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. We have a history of operating losses and may incur losses in the future. For the year ended December 31, 2014 , for amounts attributable to the Company, we had a net loss of $13.6 million compared to a net loss of $12.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2013 . We make no assurances that we will be able to operate profitably. As of December 31, 2014 , we have a working capital deficit of approximately $12.9 million . We intend to seek to improve our liquidity and profitability in future years by: • leasing our currently-owned healthcare properties, and subleasing our currently-leased healthcare properties, on a triple net basis; • reducing our financial leverage; • renegotiating and restructuring certain of our other corporate level indebtedness to reduce the cost of capital; • refinancing our facility level mortgage indebtedness with lower-cost financing guaranteed by HUD. We believe the foregoing actions, if taken, will provide the opportunity for the Company to improve liquidity and achieve profitability. No assurances are made that such improvements or achievements will occur. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flow and impair our ability to raise additional capital. As of December 31, 2014 , we had approximately $151.4 million in indebtedness, including current maturities and discontinued operations. We may also obtain additional short-term and long-term debt to meet future capital needs, subject to certain restrictions under our existing indebtedness, which would increase our total debt. Our substantial amount of debt could have negative consequences to our business. For example, it could: • increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of cash flows from operations to interest and principal payments on outstanding debt, thereby limiting the availability of cash flow to fund working capital and other general corporate requirements; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry; • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors that have less debt; and • limit our ability to borrow additional funds, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity. In addition, our ability to borrow funds in the future will depend in part on the satisfaction of the covenants in our credit facilities and other debt agreements. If we are unable to satisfy the financial covenants contained in those agreements, or are unable to generate cash sufficient to make required debt payments, the lenders and other parties to those arrangements could accelerate the maturity of some or all of our outstanding indebtedness. 26 We could be prevented from paying dividends on our Series A Preferred Stock and our common stock. We are a holding company, and we have no significant operations. We rely primarily on dividends and other distributions from our subsidiaries to us so we may, among other things, pay dividends on our stock, if and to the extent declared by the Board of Directors. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and other distributions to us depends on their earnings and is restricted by the terms of certain agreements governing their indebtedness. If our subsidiaries are in default under such agreements, then they may not pay dividends or other distributions to us. In addition, we may only pay dividends on our stock if we have funds legally available for the payment of dividends and such payment is not restricted or prohibited by law, the terms of any shares with higher priority with respect to dividends or any documents governing our indebtedness. Furthermore: (i) one of our mortgage loans prohibits the payment of dividends on our stock if we fail to comply with certain financial covenants or if a default or event of default under the loan agreement has occurred; and (ii) another one of our mortgage loans requires the consent of the lender and the guarantor prior to payment of dividends on our stock. As such, we could become unable, on a temporary or permanent basis, to pay dividends on our stock, including our Series A Preferred Stock. In addition, future debt, contractual covenants or arrangements we or our subsidiaries enter into may restrict or prevent future dividend payments. The payment of any future dividends on our stock will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend, among other things, the earnings and results of operations of our subsidiaries, their ability to pay dividends and other distributions to AdCare under agreements governing their indebtedness, our financial condition and capital requirements, any debt service requirements and any other factors the Board of Directors deems relevant. The price of our stock, in particular our common stock, has fluctuated, and a number of factors may cause the price of our stock to decline. The market price of our stock has fluctuated and could fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of various factors and events, many of which are beyond our control. These factors may include: • variations in our operating results; • changes in our financial condition, performance and prospects; • changes in general economic and market conditions; • the departure of any of our key executive officers and directors; • announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, or transactions; • press releases or negative publicity relating to us or our competitors or relating to trends in health care; • government action or regulation, including changes in federal, state, and local health-care regulations to which we are subject; • the level and quality of securities analysts' coverage for our stock; • changes in financial estimates or recommendations by securities analysts with respect to us or our competitors; and • with respect to our common stock, future sales of our common stock. In addition, the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock will also depend upon: • prevailing interest rates, increases in which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Series A Preferred Stock; • trading prices of preferred equity securities issued by other companies in the industry; • the annual yield from distributions on our Series A Preferred Stock as compared to yields on other financial instruments; and • our issuance of additional preferred equity or debt securities. Furthermore, the stock market in recent years has experienced sweeping price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated to the operating performance of affected companies. These market fluctuations may also cause the price of our stock to decline. 27 In the event of fluctuations in the price of our stock, shareholders may be unable to resell shares of our stock at or above the price at which they purchased such shares. Additionally, due to fluctuations in the price of our stock, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful, and you should not rely on past results as an indication of future performance. Our directors and officers substantially control all major decisions. Our directors and officers beneficially own approximately 19.2% of our outstanding common stock. Therefore, our directors and officers will be able to influence major corporate actions required to be voted on by shareholders, such as the election of directors, the amendment of our charter documents and the approval of significant corporate transactions such as mergers, reorganizations, sales of substantially all of our assets and liquidation. Furthermore, our directors will be able to make decisions affecting our capital structure, including decisions to issue additional capital stock, implement stock repurchase programs and incur indebtedness. This control may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other shareholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interest. Takeover defense provisions in Georgia law and our charter documents may delay or prevent takeover attempts thereby preventing our shareholders from realizing a premium on their common stock. Various provisions of Georgia corporation law and of our charter documents may inhibit changes in control not approved by our Board of Directors and may have the effect of depriving our investors of an opportunity to receive a premium over the prevailing market price of our common stock in the event of an attempted hostile takeover. In addition, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. These provisions include: • a requirement that special meetings of shareholders be called by our Board of Directors, the Chairman, the President, or the holders of shares with voting power of at least 25%; • staggered terms among our directors with three classes of directors and only one class to be elected each year; • advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and nominations; and • availability of "blank check" preferred stock. Our Board of Directors can use these and other provisions to prevent, delay or discourage a change in control of the Company or a change in our management. Any such delay or prevention of a change in control or management could deter potential acquirers or prevent the completion of a takeover transaction pursuant to which our shareholders could receive a substantial premium over the current market price of our common stock, which in turn may limit the price investors might be willing to pay for our common stock. Provisions in our charter documents provide for indemnification of officers and directors, which could require us to direct funds away from our business and future operations. Our charter documents provide for the indemnification of our officers and directors. We may be required to advance costs incurred by an officer or director and to pay judgments, fines and expenses incurred by an officer or director, including reasonable attorneys' fees, as a result of actions or proceedings in which our officers and directors are involved by reason of being or having been an officer or director of our Company. Funds paid in satisfaction of judgments, fines and expenses may be funds we need for the operation and growth of our business. Risks Related to the Operators of Our Facilities Our financial position could be weakened and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and fulfill our obligations with respect to our indebtedness could be limited if any of the major operators of our long-term care facilities becomes unable to meet its obligations to us or fails to renew or extend its relationship with us as its lease terms expires, or if we become unable to lease or re-lease our facilities on economically favorable terms. We have no operational control over our operators. Adverse developments concerning our operators could arise due to a number of factors, including those listed below. The bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our operators could limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rents or require us to find new tenants. We are exposed to the risk that a distressed operator may not be able to meet its obligations to us or other third parties. This risk is heightened during a period of economic or political instability. If tenants are unable to comply with the terms of their leases, then we may be forced to modify the leases in ways that are unfavorable to us. Alternatively, the failure of a tenant to perform under a lease could require us to declare a default, repossess the property, find a suitable replacement tenant, hire third-party 28 managers to operate the property or sell the property. There is no assurance that we would be able to lease a property on substantially equivalent or better terms than the prior lease, or at all, find another qualified tenant, successfully reposition the property for other uses or sell the property on terms that are favorable to us. It may be more difficult to find a replacement tenant for a healthcare property than it would be to find a replacement tenant for a general commercial property due to the specialized nature of the business. Even if we are able to find a suitable replacement tenant for a property, transfers of operations of skilled nursing facilities, assisted living facilities and other healthcare facilities are subject to regulatory approvals not required for transfers of other types of commercial operations, which may affect our ability to successfully transition a property. If any lease expires or is terminated, then we could be responsible for all of the operating expenses for that property until it is leased again or sold. If a significant number of our properties are unleased, then our operating expenses could increase significantly. Any significant increase in our operating costs may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. Although each of our lease agreements typically provides us with or will provide us with, the right to terminate, evict an operator, foreclose on our collateral, demand immediate payment and exercise other remedies upon the bankruptcy or insolvency of an operator, the U.S. federal Bankruptcy Code (the “Bankruptcy Code”) would limit or, at a minimum, delay our ability to collect unpaid pre-bankruptcy rents and to pursue other remedies against a bankrupt operator. A bankruptcy filing by one of our lessee operators would typically prevent us from collecting unpaid pre-bankruptcy rents or evicting the operator absent approval of the bankruptcy court. The Bankruptcy Code provides a lessee with the option to assume or reject an unexpired lease within certain specified periods of time. Generally, a lessee is required to pay all rent that becomes payable between the date of its bankruptcy filing and the date of the assumption or rejection of the lease (although such payments will likely be delayed as a result of the bankruptcy filing). Any lessee operator that chooses to assume its lease with us must cure all monetary defaults existing under the lease (including payment of unpaid pre-bankruptcy rents) and provide adequate assurance of its ability to perform its future obligations under the lease. Any lessee operator that opts to reject its lease with us would face a claim by us for unpaid and future rents payable under the lease, but such claim would be subject to a statutory “cap” and would generally result in a recovery substantially less than the face value of such claim. Although the operator’s rejection of the lease would permit us to recover possession of the leased facility, we would likely face losses, costs and delays associated with re-leasing the facility to a new operator. Several other factors could impact our rights under leases with bankrupt operators. First, the operator could seek to assign its lease with us to a third party. The Bankruptcy Code generally disregards anti-assignment provisions in leases to permit the assignment of unexpired leases to third parties (provided all monetary defaults under the lease are cured and the third party can demonstrate its ability to perform its obligations under the lease). Second, in instances in which we have entered into a master lease agreement with an operator that operates more than one facility, the bankruptcy court could determine that the master lease was comprised of separate, divisible leases (each of which could be separately assumed or rejected), rather than a single, integrated lease (which would have to be assumed or rejected in its entirety). Finally, the bankruptcy court could recharacterize our lease agreement as a disguised financing arrangement, which could require us to receive bankruptcy court approval to foreclose or pursue other remedies with respect to the facility. Failure by our operators to comply with various local, state and federal government regulations may adversely impact their ability to make lease payments to us. Healthcare operators are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations, including those described below, that are subject to frequent and substantial changes (sometimes applied retroactively) resulting from new legislation, adoption of rules and regulations, and administrative and judicial interpretations of existing law. Although we cannot accurately predict the ultimate timing or effect of these changes, such changes could have a material effect on our operators’ costs of doing business and on the amount of reimbursement by both government and other third-party payors. The failure of any of our operators to comply with these laws, requirements and regulations could adversely affect its ability to meet its obligations to us. • Healthcare Reform . The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the “Healthcare Reform Law”), which were signed into law in March 2010, represent the most comprehensive change to healthcare benefits since the inception of the Medicare program in 1965 and affect reimbursement for governmental programs, private insurance and employee welfare benefit plans in various ways. Among other things, the Healthcare Reform Law expands Medicaid eligibility, requires most individuals to have health insurance, establishes new regulations for health plans, creates health insurance exchanges, and modifies certain payment systems to encourage more cost-effective care and a reduction of inefficiencies and waste, including through new tools to address fraud and abuse. We cannot accurately predict the impact of the Healthcare Reform Law on our operators or their ability to meet their obligations to us. 29 • Reimbursement; Medicare and Medicaid . A significant portion of the revenue of the healthcare operators to which we lease, or will lease, properties is, or will be, derived from governmentally-funded reimbursement programs, primarily Medicare and Medicaid. Failure to maintain certification in these programs would result in a loss of funding from such programs and could negatively impact an operator’s ability to meet its obligations to us. • Quality of Care Initiatives . The Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) has implemented a number of initiatives focused on the quality of care provided by nursing homes that could affect our operators. Any unsatisfactory rating of our operators under any rating system promulgated by the CMS could result in the loss of residents or lower reimbursement rates, which could adversely impact their revenues and our business. • Licensing and Certification . Healthcare operators are subject to various federal, state and local licensing and certification laws and regulations, including laws and regulations under Medicare and Medicaid requiring operators to comply with extensive standards governing operations. Governmental agencies administering these laws and regulations regularly inspect facilities and investigate complaints. Failure to obtain any required licensure or certification, the loss or suspension of any required licensure or certification, or any violations or deficiencies with respect to relevant operating standards may require a facility to cease operations or result in ineligibility for reimbursement until the necessary licenses or certifications are obtained or reinstated or until any such violations or deficiencies are cured. In such event, our revenues from these facilities could be reduced or eliminated for an extended period of time or permanently. • Fraud and Abuse Laws and Regulations . There are various federal and state civil and criminal laws and regulations governing a wide array of healthcare provider referrals, relationships and arrangements, including laws and regulations prohibiting fraud by healthcare providers. Many of these complex laws raise issues that have not been clearly interpreted by the relevant governmental authorities and courts. In addition, federal and state governments are devoting increasing attention and resources to anti-fraud initiatives against healthcare providers. The violation of any of these laws or regulations by any of our operators may result in the imposition of fines or other penalties, including exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid and all other federal and state healthcare programs. Such fines or penalties could jeopardize an operator’s ability to make lease payments to us or to continue operating its facility, • Privacy Laws . Healthcare operators are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations designed to protect the privacy and security of patient health information. These laws and regulations require operators to expend the requisite resources to protect and secure patient health information, including the funding of costs associated with technology upgrades. Operators found in violation of these laws may face large penalties. In addition, compliance with an operator’s notification requirements in the event of a breach of unsecured protected health information could cause reputational harm to an operator’s business. Such penalties and damaged reputation could adversely affect an operator’s ability to meet its obligations to us. • Other Laws . Other federal, state and local laws and regulations affect how operators conduct their business. We cannot accurately predict the effect that the costs of complying with these laws may have on the revenues of our operators and, thus, their ability to meet their obligations to us. • Legislative and Regulatory Developments . Each year, legislative and regulatory proposals are introduced at the federal, state and local levels that, if adopted, would result in major changes to the healthcare system in addition to those described herein. We cannot accurately predict whether any proposals will be adopted and, if adopted, what effect (if any) these proposals would have on our operators or our business. The impact of healthcare reform legislation on us and our operators cannot be accurately predicted. Several provisions of the Healthcare Reform Law affect Medicare payments to skilled nursing facilities, including provisions changing Medicare payment methodology and implementing value-based purchasing and payment bundling. Although we cannot accurately predict how all of these provisions may be implemented, or the effect any such implementation would have on our operators or our business, the Healthcare Reform Law could result in decreases in payments to our operators, increase our operators’ costs or otherwise adversely affect the financial condition of our operators, thereby negatively impacting their ability to meet their obligations to us. The Healthcare Reform Law also requires skilled nursing facilities to have a compliance and ethics program that is effective in preventing and detecting criminal, civil and administrative violations and in promoting quality of care. If our operators fall short in their compliance and ethics programs and quality assurance and performance improvement programs, then their reputations and ability to attract residents could be adversely affected. 30 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Healthcare Reform Law was enacted that also may impact our business. For instance, on April 1, 2014, the President signed the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014, which, among other things, requires CMS to measure, track, and publish readmission rates of skilled nursing facilities by 2017 and implement a value-based purchasing program for skilled nursing facilities (the “SNF VBP Program”) by October 1, 2018. The SNF VBP Program will increase Medicare reimbursement rates for skilled nursing facilities that achieve certain levels of quality performance measures to be developed by CMS, relative to other facilities. The value-based payments authorized by the SNF VBP Program will be funded by reducing Medicare payment for all skilled nursing facilities by 2% and redistributing up to 70% of those funds to high-performing skilled nursing facilities. If Medicare reimbursement provided to our tenants is reduced under the SNF VBP Program, that reduction may have an adverse impact on the ability of our tenants to meet their obligations to us. Our operators depend on reimbursement from governmental and other third-party payors, and reimbursement rates from such payors may be reduced. Changes in the reimbursement rate or methods of payment from third-party payors, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or the implementation of other measures to reduce reimbursements for services provided by our operators could result in a substantial reduction in the revenues and operating margins of our operators. Significant limits on the scopes of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations and financial condition of our operators, which could cause their revenues to decline and could negatively impact their ability to meet their obligations to us. Additionally, net revenue realizable under third-party payor agreements can change after examination and retroactive adjustment by payors during the claims settlement processes or as a result of post-payment audits. Payors may disallow requests for reimbursement based on determinations that certain costs are not reimbursable or reasonable, additional documentation is necessary or certain services were not covered or were not medically necessary. New legislative and regulatory proposals could impose further limitations on government and private payments to healthcare providers. In some cases, states have enacted or are considering enacting measures designed to reduce Medicaid expenditures and to make changes to private healthcare insurance. No assurance is given that adequate third-party payor reimbursement levels will continue to be available for the services provided by our operators. Government budget deficits could lead to a reduction in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement. Many states are focusing on the reduction of expenditures under their Medicaid programs, which may result in a reduction in reimbursement rates for our operators. These potential reductions could be compounded by the potential for federal cost-cutting efforts that could lead to reductions in reimbursement to our operators under both the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Reductions in Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement to our operators could reduce the cash flow of our operators and their ability to make rent payments to us. The need to control Medicaid expenditures may be exacerbated by the potential for increased enrollment in Medicaid due to unemployment and declines in family incomes. Because the Healthcare Reform Law allows states to increase the number of people who are eligible for Medicaid and simplifies enrollment in this program, Medicaid enrollment may significantly increase in the future. Since our operators’ profit margins with respect to Medicaid patients are generally relatively low, more than modest reductions in Medicaid reimbursement and an increase in the number of Medicaid patients could place some operators in financial distress, which, in turn, could adversely affect us. If funding for Medicare or Medicaid is reduced, then it could have a material adverse effect on our operators’ results of operations and financial condition, which could adversely affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. We may be unable to find a replacement operator for one or more of our leased properties. From time to time, we may need to find a replacement operator for one or more of our leased properties for a variety of reasons, including upon the expiration of the lease term or the occurrence of an operator default. During any period in which we are attempting to locate one or more replacement operators, there could be a decrease or cessation of rental payments on the applicable property or properties. No assurance is given that any of our current or future operators will elect to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof. Similarly, no assurance is given that we will be able to locate a suitable replacement operator or, if we are successful in locating a replacement operator, that the rental payments from the new operator would not be significantly less than the existing rental payments. Our ability to locate a suitable replacement operator may be significantly delayed or limited by various state licensing, receivership, certificate of need or other laws, as well as by Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules. We also may incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any such licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. Any such delays, limitations and expenses could materially delay or impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased properties or otherwise exercise remedies for default. 31 A prolonged economic slowdown could adversely impact our operating income and earnings, as well as the results of operations of our operators, which could impair their ability to meet their obligations to us. We believe the risks associated with our investments will be more acute during periods of economic slowdown or recession (such as the recent recession) due to the adverse impact caused by various factors, including inflation, deflation, increased unemployment, volatile energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market, a distressed real estate market, market volatility and weakened business and consumer confidence. This difficult operating environment caused by an economic slowdown or recession could have an adverse impact on the ability of our operators to maintain occupancy rates, which could harm their financial condition. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses by our operators under our leases could adversely affect our income from investments in our portfolio. Certain third parties may not be able to satisfy their obligations to us or our operators due to uncertainty in the capital markets. Interest rate fluctuations, financial market volatility or credit market disruptions could limit the ability of our operators to obtain credit to finance their businesses on acceptable terms, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us. Similarly, if any of our other counterparties, such as banking institutions, title companies and escrow agents, experiences difficulty in accessing capital or other sources of funds or fails to remain viable, it could have an adverse effect on our business. Our operators may be subject to significant legal actions that could result in their increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which may affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. As is typical in the long-term healthcare industry, our operators may be subject to claims for damages relating to the services that they provide. We give no assurance that the insurance coverage maintained by our operators will cover all claims made against them or continue to be available at a reasonable cost, if at all. In some states, insurance coverage for the risk of punitive damages may not, in certain cases, be available to operators due to state law prohibitions or limitations of availability. As a result, our operators doing business in these states may be liable for punitive damage awards that are either not covered by their insurance or are in excess of their insurance policy limits. We also believe that there has been, and will continue to be, an increase in governmental investigations of long-term care providers, particularly in the area of Medicare/Medicaid false claims, as well as an increase in enforcement actions resulting from these investigations. Insurance is not available to our operators to cover such losses. Any adverse determination in a legal proceeding or governmental investigation, whether currently asserted or arising in the future, could have a material adverse effect on an operator’s financial condition. If an operator is unable to obtain or maintain insurance coverage, if judgments are obtained in excess of the insurance coverage, if an operator is required to pay uninsured punitive damages, or if an operator is subject to an uninsurable government enforcement action, then such operator could be exposed to substantial additional liabilities. Such liabilities could adversely affect an operator’s ability to meet its obligations to us. In addition, we may, in some circumstances, be named as a defendant in litigation involving the services provided by our operators. Although we generally have no involvement in the services provided by our operators, and our standard lease agreements generally require (or will require) our operators to indemnify us and carry insurance to cover us in certain cases, a significant judgment against us in such litigation could exceed our and our operators’ insurance coverage, which would require us to make payments to cover any such judgment. Increased competition, as well as increased operating costs, could result in lower revenues for some of our operators and may affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. The long-term healthcare industry is highly competitive, and we expect that it will become more competitive in the future. Our operators are competing with numerous other companies providing similar healthcare services or alternatives such as home health agencies, life care at home, community-based service programs, retirement communities and convalescent centers. Our operators compete on a number of different levels, including the quality of care provided, reputation, the physical appearance of a facility, price, the range of services offered, family preference, alternatives for healthcare delivery, the supply of competing properties, physicians, staff, referral sources, location and the size and demographics of the population in the surrounding areas. We cannot be certain that the operators of all of our facilities will be able to achieve occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. Our operators may encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses and, therefore, affect their ability to make their lease payments. In addition, the market for qualified nurses, healthcare professionals and other key personnel is highly competitive, and our operators may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. Increases in labor costs due to higher wages and greater benefits required to attract and retain qualified healthcare personnel incurred by our operators could affect their ability 32 to meet their obligations to us. This situation could be particularly acute in certain states that have enacted legislation establishing minimum staffing requirements. The geographic concentration of some of our facilities could leave us vulnerable to an economic downturn, regulatory changes in those areas. Our properties are located in different states, with concentrations in Arkansas, Georgia, and Ohio. As a result of this concentration, the conditions of local economies and real estate markets, changes in governmental rules, regulations and reimbursement rates or criteria, changes in demographics, state funding, acts of nature and other factors that may result in a decrease in demand and reimbursement for skilled nursing services in these states could have a disproportionately adverse effect on our tenants’ revenue, costs and results of operations, which may affect their ability to meet their obligations to us. Item 1B