 Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below before buying our
common stock. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected, the trading price of our common stock could decline materially and you could
lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business We depend on the success of our drug candidates, which are still under development. We have invested a significant portion of our efforts and financial resources in the development of our candidates for the treatment of HCV, including our NS5A inhibitor, ACH-3102, our nucleotide
polymerase inhibitor, ACH-3422, our protease inhibitor, sovaprevir, and more recently, our complement Factor D inhibitors. Our ability to generate revenues will depend heavily on the successful development and commercialization of these drug
candidates. The development and commercial success of these drug candidates will depend on several factors, including the following: • our ability to provide acceptable evidence of the safety and efficacy of these drug candidates in current and future clinical trials; • our ability to provide acceptable evidence of the ability of our drug candidates to be dosed safely in combination with other drugs and/or drug
candidates, both ours and others; • our ability to develop drug formulations that will deliver the appropriate drug exposures in longer term clinical trials; • our ability to obtain patent protection for our drug candidates and freedom to operate under third-party intellectual property; • receipt of marketing approvals from the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities; • establishing commercial manufacturing arrangements with third-party manufacturers; • launching commercial sales of our drugs, whether alone or in collaboration with others, particularly in a market in which competing therapeutics have
very high efficacy rates; • acceptance of our drugs in the medical community and with third-party payors; and • our ability to identify, enter into and maintain collaboration arrangements with appropriate strategic partners for our drug candidates. Positive results in preclinical studies of a drug candidate may not be predictive of similar results in
human clinical trials, and promising results from early clinical trials of a drug candidate may not be replicated in later clinical trials. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks
in late-stage clinical trials even after achieving promising results in early-stage development. Accordingly, the results from the preclinical studies or completed clinical trials for ACH-3102, ACH-3422, or sovaprevir may not be predictive of the
results we may obtain in later stage trials. We do not expect any of our drug candidates for the treatment of HCV or
complement-mediated diseases to be commercially available for several years, if at all. Our market is subject to intense competition. If
we are unable to compete effectively, our drug candidates may be rendered noncompetitive or obsolete. We are engaged in a
segment of the pharmaceutical industry that is highly competitive and rapidly changing. We face potential competition from many different sources pursuing the development of novel drugs that target infectious diseases generally and HCV in
particular, including both major and specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and 28 Table of Contents private research organizations. We face, and expect to continue to face, intense and increasing competition as new products enter the market and advanced technologies become available. In
addition to currently approved drugs, there are a significant number of drugs that are currently under development that have demonstrated potential efficacy for the treatment of HCV and may become available in the future for the treatment of HCV.
Additionally, there may be competitive drugs currently under development of which we are not aware. If
approved, combinations of our drug candidates that we are advancing, ACH-3102, ACH-3422, and sovaprevir, would compete with drugs currently approved for the treatment of HCV, such as the interferon-alpha-based products from F. Hoffman-La Roche Ltd,
or Roche (Pegasys and Roferon-A) or Merck & Co., Inc., or Merck (Intron-A or Peg-Intron), the ribavirin-based products from Merck (Rebetrol), Roche (Copegus) and generic versions sold by various companies, as well as protease inhibitors
telaprevir by Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated, or Vertex (Incivek ® ), boceprevir by Merck (Victrelis ® ), -simeprevir by Johnson & Johnson (Olysio ® ) and the more recently approved nucleotide inhibitor sofosbuvir (Sovaldi ® ) by Gilead and sofosbuvir/ ledipasvir combination (Harvoni™), also by Gilead, as well as the ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir/dasabuvir/ribavirin combination
(Viekira Pak™) by AbbVie. If approved, our drug candidates may also compete with all-oral treatments currently in
development to treat HCV infection in multiple classes including protease inhibitors, polymerase inhibitors (nucleoside, nucleotide, and non-nucleoside), NS5A inhibitors, cyclophilin inhibitors and others. Competing drug candidates for the treatment
of HCV, or combinations of drug candidates, are being developed by companies such as AbbVie, Inc., or AbbVie, AstraZeneca Plc, or AstraZeneca, Bristol-Myers Squibb Company, or Bristol-Myers Squibb, Enanta Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Enanta, Gilead,
GlaxoSmithKline plc, or GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Medivir AB, or Medivir, Merck, Novartis AG, or Novartis, Regulus Therapeutics Inc., or Regulus, and Roche. Many of our competitors have: • significantly greater financial, technical and human resources than we have and may be better equipped to discover, develop, manufacture and
commercialize drug candidates; • more extensive experience in preclinical testing and clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing pharmaceutical
products; • drug candidates that have been approved or are in late-stage clinical development; and/or • collaborative arrangements in our target markets with leading companies and research institutions. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry may result in even more resources being concentrated among a
smaller number of our competitors. For example, in August 2014, Merck completed its acquisition of Idenix Pharmaceuticals, Inc., or Idenix, a potential competitor of ours. This acquisition follows earlier acquisitions in the HCV therapeutic arena
such as Gilead’s acquisition of Pharmasset Inc., or Pharmasset and Bristol-Myers Squibb’s acquisition of Inhibitex, Inc., or Inhibitex. Smaller or early stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through
collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. For example, Johnson & Johnson recently acquired Alios Biopharma, Inc., or Alios, a private company which, in addition to assets in respiratory syncytial virus, or RSV, also
had assets in HCV. Competitive products, specific classes of competitive products, or combinations of competitive products
may render our drug candidates and products obsolete or noncompetitive before we can recover the expenses of developing and commercializing them. Furthermore, the development of new treatment methods for the diseases we are targeting could render
our drug candidates noncompetitive, obsolete or uneconomical. If we successfully develop and obtain approval for any of our drug candidates, we will face competition based on the safety and effectiveness of our drug candidates, the timing of their
entry into the market in relation to competitive products in development, the availability and cost of supply, marketing and sales capabilities, reimbursement coverage, price, patent position and other factors. If we successfully develop drug
candidates but those drug candidates do not achieve and maintain market acceptance, our business will not be successful. 29 Table of Contents As a result of elevations in liver enzymes noted in a phase I drug-drug interaction study for healthy
volunteers evaluating the effects of concomitant administration of sovaprevir with ritonavir-boosted atazanavir, the FDA previously placed a clinical hold on sovaprevir. While the FDA removed its clinical hold on sovaprevir for patient studies and
single dose studies in healthy volunteers in June 2014, the FDA maintained a partial clinical hold on sovaprevir for certain multiple dose studies in healthy volunteers. Our business may be adversely affected if such regulatory concerns lead to
delays in developing sovaprevir or if elevated liver enzyme levels or other adverse drug-drug interactions are observed in subsequent studies. One of our most advanced compounds under development is sovaprevir, a NS3 protease inhibitor in phase II clinical development. In June 2013, the FDA placed a clinical hold on sovaprevir after elevations
in liver enzymes were noted in a phase I healthy subjects drug-drug interaction study evaluating the effects of concomitant administration of sovaprevir with ritonavir-boosted atazanavir. In June 2014, the FDA removed the clinical hold on
sovaprevir, allowing us to conduct therapeutic trials of sovaprevir in HCV patients with a maximum dose of 200 mg once daily and in single dose studies in healthy volunteers, but the FDA maintained a partial clinical hold on sovaprevir for multiple
dose studies that we may conduct in healthy volunteers. The FDA may not remove the partial clinical hold on sovaprevir and
may not allow us to conduct additional multiple dose studies in healthy volunteers without their prior permission. Moreover, elevated liver enzymes or other adverse drug-drug interactions could be observed in our ongoing clinical trials or any other
subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trials that we may conduct. If the FDA does not remove the partial clinical hold or if elevated liver enzymes or other adverse drug-drug interactions are observed, our development of sovaprevir may be
delayed, and the associated costs may be significantly increased, adversely affecting our business. If the FDA places sovaprevir on clinical hold again, we may terminate the development of sovaprevir, which may adversely affect our business. We have a limited operating history and have incurred a cumulative loss since inception. If we do not generate significant revenues, we
will not be profitable. We have incurred significant losses since our inception in August 1998. As of December 31,
2014, our accumulated deficit was $450.7 million. We have not generated any revenue from the sale of drug candidates to date. We expect that our annual operating losses will increase over the next several years as we expand our research, development
and commercialization efforts. To become profitable, we must successfully develop and obtain regulatory approval for our drug
candidates and effectively manufacture, market and sell any drug candidates we develop. Accordingly, we may never generate significant revenues and, even if we do generate significant revenues, we may never achieve profitability. We will need substantial additional capital to fund our operations, including drug candidate development, manufacturing and commercialization. If we
do not have or cannot raise additional capital when needed, we will be unable to develop and commercialize our drug candidates successfully, and our ability to operate as a going concern may be adversely affected. Based on our current clinical plan, and after giving effect to our underwritten public offering of shares of our common stock in February
2015, which resulted in aggregate net proceeds to us of $132.6 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to
meet our current projected operating requirements for at least the next 12 months. However, our future capital requirements may change and will depend upon numerous factors, including but not limited to: • the costs involved in the clinical development, manufacturing and formulation of ACH-3102, ACH-3422, and sovaprevir; • the costs involved in the preclinical and clinical development of certain complement inhibitors; 30 Table of Contents • the scope of and costs associated with entering into cooperative study arrangements, or CSAs, or licensing arrangements, if any, for the collaborative
development of our drug candidates in combination with others’ drug candidates; • the costs involved in obtaining regulatory approvals for our drug candidates; • the scope, prioritization and number of programs we pursue; • the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, enforcing and defending patent and other intellectual property claims; • our ability to raise incremental debt or equity capital, including any changes in the credit or equity markets that may impact our ability to obtain
capital in the future; • the costs associated with, and the outcome of, lawsuits against us, if any; • our acquisition and development of new technologies and drug candidates; and • competing technological, regulatory and market developments currently unknown to us. We intend to augment our cash balance through financing transactions, including through a combination of private and public equity
offerings, debt financings and collaboration, strategic alliance and licensing arrangements. In connection with capital raising activities, we may be required to dilute our existing stockholders substantially. As of December 31, 2014, we have 2,843,980 warrants outstanding at a weighted average exercise price of $3.13. All of the shares of
common stock we issued, as well as those shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, are freely tradable pursuant to effective registration statements, making such shares available for immediate resale in the public market. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate levels of additional funding on favorable terms, if at all. If adequate
funds are not available, we will be required to: • delay, reduce the scope of or eliminate research and development programs; • obtain funds through arrangements with collaborators or others on terms unfavorable to us or that may require us to relinquish rights to certain drug
candidates that we might otherwise seek to develop or commercialize independently; and/or • pursue merger or acquisition strategies. If our operating plan changes, we may need additional funds sooner than planned. Such additional financing may not be available when we need it or may not be available on terms that are favorable to us.
In addition, we may seek additional capital due to favorable market conditions or strategic considerations, even if we believe we have sufficient funds for our current or future operating plans. If adequate funds are not available to us on a timely
basis, or at all, we may be required to terminate or delay preclinical studies, clinical trials or other development activities for one or more of our drug candidates. We may seek additional financing through a combination of private and public
equity offerings, debt financings and collaboration, strategic alliance and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, ownership interest will be diluted, and the
terms may include adverse liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect stockholders’ rights. Our ability to use our net
operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. Under Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a company undergoes an “ownership change,” generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation’s ability to use its
pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change taxable income or taxes may be limited. Changes in our stock ownership, some of which are outside of our
control, may have resulted or could in 31 Table of Contents the future result in an ownership change. For example, we completed a review of our changes in ownership through December 31, 2011, and determined that we had three ownership changes since
inception. The changes of ownership will result in net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards that we expect to expire unutilized. If additional limitations were to apply, utilization of a portion of our net operating loss
and tax credit carryforwards could be further limited in future periods and a portion of the carryforwards could expire before being available to reduce future income tax liabilities. If we acquire or license technologies, resources or drug candidates, we will incur a variety of costs and may never realize benefits from the transaction. If appropriate opportunities become available, we may license or acquire technologies, resources, drugs or drug candidates. We may never
realize the anticipated benefits of such a transaction. In particular, due to the risks inherent in drug development, we may not successfully develop or obtain marketing approval for the drug candidates we acquire. Future licenses or acquisitions
could result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, the creation of contingent liabilities, material impairment expenses related to goodwill, and impairment or amortization expenses related to other
intangible assets, which could harm our financial condition. If we are not able to attract and retain key management, scientific personnel
and advisors, we may not successfully develop our drug candidates or achieve our other business objectives. We depend upon
our senior management and scientific staff for our business success. All of our employment agreements with our senior management employees are terminable without notice by the employee. The loss of the service of any of the key members of our senior
management may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of drug development and other business objectives. Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, consultants and advisors is critical to our success. We face intense competition
for qualified individuals from numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, universities, governmental entities and other research institutions. We may be unable to attract and retain these individuals, and our failure to do so would
adversely affect our business. If biopharmaceutical companies involved in HCV drug development continue to consolidate, competition in our
industry may increase and our business may be harmed. In recent years, several acquisitions of smaller biopharmaceutical
companies by larger biopharmaceutical companies took place at substantial premiums over the market capitalizations of the target companies, including the acquisitions of Anadys Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Pharmasset and Inhibitex by Roche, Gilead and
Bristol-Myers Squibb, respectively. Most recently, in August 2014, Merck completed its acquisition of Idenix. As such consolidation continues to take place, we may face competitive pressures to a far greater degree than had those consolidations not
occurred, resulting from the greater resources the larger biopharmaceutical companies can put toward their development pipelines. Further, if investors who provide capital to our industry continue to seek and advocate for similar acquisitions at
similar premiums, we may not be able to satisfy their higher expectations for market value appreciation and our stock price may decline. In addition, such acquisitions at significant premiums to market price tend to increase volatility of stock
prices in our industry, potentially making investors wary of making incremental investment in us. Our business has a substantial risk of
product liability claims. If we are unable to obtain or maintain appropriate levels of insurance, a product liability claim could adversely affect our business. Our business exposes us to significant potential product liability risks that are inherent in the development, manufacturing and sales and marketing of human therapeutic products. Although we do not
currently commercialize any products, claims could be made against us based on the use of our drug candidates in clinical trials. Product liability claims could delay or prevent completion of our clinical development programs. We currently have
clinical trial insurance in an amount equal to up to $20.0 million in the aggregate and will seek to 32 Table of Contents obtain product liability insurance prior to the sales and marketing of any of our drug candidates. However, our insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities.
Furthermore, clinical trial and product liability insurance is becoming increasingly expensive. As a result, we may be unable to maintain current amounts of insurance coverage or obtain additional or sufficient insurance at a reasonable cost to
protect against losses that could have a material adverse effect on us. If a claim is brought against us, we might be required to pay legal and other expenses to defend the claim, as well as uncovered damages awards resulting from a successful
claim. Furthermore, whether or not we are ultimately successful in defending any such claims, we might be required to direct significant financial and managerial resources to such defense, and adverse publicity is likely to result. If the estimates we make and the assumptions on which we rely in preparing our financial statements prove inaccurate, our actual results may vary
significantly. Our financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. Such estimates and judgments include revenue
recognition, stock-based compensation expense, accrued expenses and deferred tax assets and liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the
circumstances. However, these estimates and judgments, or the assumptions underlying them, may change over time. Accordingly, our actual financial results may vary significantly from the estimates contained in our financial statements. Our business and operations would suffer in the event of system failures or security breaches. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems are vulnerable to damage from computer viruses,
unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. Any system failure, accident or security breach that causes interruptions in our operations could result in a material disruption of our product
development programs. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any
disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we may incur liabilities and the further development of our product candidates may be
delayed. Risks Related to the Development of Our Drug Candidates All of our drug candidates are still in the early stages of development and remain subject to clinical testing and regulatory approval. If we are unable to successfully develop, test and commercialize
our drug candidates, we will not be successful. To date, we have not commercially marketed, distributed or sold any drug
candidates. The success of our business depends primarily upon our ability to develop and commercialize our drug candidates successfully. Our drug candidates must satisfy rigorous standards of safety and efficacy before they can be approved for
sale. To satisfy these standards, we must engage in expensive and lengthy testing and obtain regulatory approval of our drug candidates. Despite our efforts, our drug candidates may not: • offer therapeutic or other improvement over existing, comparable drugs; • be proven safe and effective in clinical trials; • have the desired effects, or may include undesirable effects or may have other unexpected characteristics; • meet applicable regulatory standards; • be capable of being produced in commercial quantities at acceptable costs; or • be successfully commercialized. 33 Table of Contents In addition, we may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of,
preclinical testing and the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our drug candidates, including: • regulators or Institutional Review Boards, or IRBs, may not authorize us to commence a clinical trial or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective
trial site; • our preclinical tests or clinical trials for our drug candidates may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may
require us, to conduct additional preclinical testing or clinical trials, or we may abandon projects that we expect to be promising; • we might have to suspend or terminate our clinical trials if the participants in our trials, or in third-party trials of similar HCV drug candidates,
are exposed to unacceptable health risks; • IRBs or regulators, including the FDA, may require that we hold, suspend or terminate clinical research for various reasons, such as the FDA’s
recent decision to place a clinical hold on sovaprevir, or noncompliance with regulatory requirements; • due to the high SVR rates demonstrated by newly approved, competitive therapies like nucleotide polymerase inhibitors sofosbuvir (Sovaldi ® ) and the sofosbuvir and ledipasvir combination (Harvoni™), the FDA may require us to carry out more extensive
studies, evaluate different treatment combinations or complete comparative effectiveness studies and analysis, resulting in significant delays and/or increased costs; • enrollment in our clinical trials may be slower than we currently anticipate as potential participants have access to commercially launched DAAs, such
as telaprevir (Incivek ® ), boceprevir (Victrelis ® ), simeprevir (Olysio ® ) or
sofosbuvir (Sovaldi ® ), the sofosbuvir/ledipasvir combination (Harvoni™), and the
ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir/dasabuvir/rivavirin combination (Viekira Pak™) as well as other experimental therapies under development, or participants may not remain adherent to our clinical trial protocols or may drop out of our clinical
trials at a higher rate than we currently anticipate, each resulting in significant delays; • our third-party contractors may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner; and • the supply or quality of our drug candidates or other materials necessary to conduct our clinical trials may be insufficient or inadequate. In addition, the current standard of care for the treatment of HCV has recently
changed from a protease inhibitor such as telaprevir (Incivek ® ), boceprevir (Victrelis ® ) or simeprevir (Olysio ® ) in combination with P/R to new classes of compounds that provide better safety and efficacy such as nucleotide polymerase inhibitors sofosbuvir (Sovaldi ® ) and the sofosbuvir and ledipasvir combination (Harvoni™). We could be required to carry out more extensive
studies, evaluate different treatment combinations or complete comparative effectiveness studies, resulting in significant delays and/or increased costs if the treatment landscape and standard of care continues to change as new therapies are
developed. We, and a number of other companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, have suffered significant
setbacks in later stage clinical trials even after achieving promising results in early-stage development. For example, in June 2013, the FDA placed a full clinical hold on sovaprevir that was not released until June 2014, during which time we
suffered a significant decline in share price. Expenses associated with clinical trials may cause our earnings to fluctuate, which could
adversely affect our stock price. The clinical trials required for regulatory approval of our products, as well as
clinical trials we are required to conduct after approval, are very expensive. It is difficult to accurately predict or control the amount or timing of these expenses from quarter to quarter, and the FDA and/or other regulatory agencies may require
more 34 Table of Contents clinical testing and analysis than we originally anticipated for our drug candidates. Further, we may be required to purchase expensive competitor drugs as comparators to our drug combinations.
Uneven and unexpected spending on these programs may cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter, and our stock price may decline. If we are unable to obtain U.S. and/or foreign regulatory approval, we will be unable to commercialize our drug candidates. Our drug candidates are subject to extensive governmental regulations relating to, among other things, research, testing, development, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, record keeping, labeling, marketing
and distribution of drugs. Rigorous preclinical testing and clinical trials and an extensive regulatory approval process are required in the United States and in many foreign jurisdictions prior to the commercial sale of our drug candidates.
Satisfaction of these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. It is possible that none of the drug candidates we are developing will obtain marketing approval. In connection with
the clinical trials for combinations of ACH-3102, ACH-3422, sovaprevir, and any other drug candidate we may seek to develop in the future, we face risks that: • the drug candidate may not prove to be efficacious; • the drug candidate may not prove to be safe; • the results may not confirm the positive results from earlier preclinical studies or clinical trials; • the results may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or other regulatory agencies; and • the FDA or other regulatory agencies may require us to carry out additional studies. We have limited experience in conducting and managing the clinical trials necessary to obtain regulatory approvals, including approval by
the FDA. The time required to complete clinical trials and for the FDA and other countries’ regulatory review processes is uncertain and typically takes many years. Our analysis of data obtained from preclinical and clinical activities is
subject to confirmation and interpretation by regulatory authorities, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. We may also encounter unanticipated delays or increased costs due to government regulation from future legislation or
administrative action or changes in FDA policy during the period of product development, clinical trials, and FDA regulatory review. Any delay in obtaining or failure to maintain required approvals could materially adversely affect our ability to progress the development of a drug candidate and to generate revenues from that drug
candidate. For example, in June 2013, the FDA placed a full clinical hold on sovaprevir that was not released until June 2014. Any regulatory approval to market a product may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which we may market the product and
affect reimbursement by third-party payors. These limitations may limit the size of the market for the product. We are also subject to numerous foreign regulatory requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing
authorization, pricing and third-party reimbursement. The foreign regulatory approval process includes all of the risks associated with FDA approval described above as well as risks attributable to the satisfaction of foreign regulations. Approval
by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities outside the United States. Foreign jurisdictions may have different approval procedures than those required by the FDA and may impose additional testing requirements for our drug
candidates. If clinical trials for our drug candidates are prolonged or delayed, we may be unable to commercialize our drug candidates on
a timely basis, which would require us to incur additional costs and delay our receipt of any product revenue. We cannot
predict whether we will encounter problems with any of our completed, ongoing or planned clinical trials that will cause us or regulatory authorities to delay, suspend or terminate clinical trials, or delay the analysis of data from our completed or
ongoing clinical trials. 35 Table of Contents Further, we cannot predict whether or how program discontinuations by
competitors (such as the discontinuation in 2012 by Bristol-Myers Squibb of BMS-986094, a nucleotide polymerase inhibitor, due to serious cardiac-related adverse events, or the discontinuation in 2013 of Vertex of VX-135, a nucleotide polymerase
inhibitor, due to elevations in liver enzymes) may increase the level of scrutiny by the FDA on our drug candidates, slowing data review and response times or otherwise creating delays or difficulties in initiating and progressing clinical trials.
We also cannot predict the degree to which new therapies from competitors, like nucleotide polymerase inhibitor sofosbuvir
(Sovaldi ® ), will increase the rigor the FDA applies in its review of subsequent therapies. In addition, in
October 2013, the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, or CDER, issued for comment new guidelines on the development of DAAs for the treatment of chronic HCV entitled “Chronic Hepatitis C Virus Infection: Developing Direct-Acting
Antiviral Drugs for Treatment.” The guidelines indicate that there is less certainty around the FDA’s expectations for clinical development of DAAs for the treatment of HCV and the extent of preclinical and clinical trials, including
required clinical comparators that are necessary for registration and approval of a drug candidate. Any of the following
could delay the clinical development of our drug candidates: • ongoing discussions with the FDA or comparable foreign authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials; • delays in receiving, or the inability to obtain, required approvals from institutional review boards or other reviewing entities at clinical sites
selected for participation in our clinical trials; • delays in enrolling volunteers and patients into clinical trials; • a lower than anticipated retention rate of volunteers and patients in clinical trials; • delays in gathering and interpreting clinical data; • the need to repeat clinical trials as a result of inconclusive or negative results or unforeseen complications in testing; • the placement by the FDA of a clinical hold or partial clinical hold on a trial, such as the clinical hold placed on sovaprevir from June 2013 until
June 2014 and the partial clinical hold currently on sovaprevir for multiple dose studies in healthy volunteers; • the requirement by the FDA, in connection with future HCV development guidelines recently circulated for comment, to carry out additional studies; • delays in completing formulation development of our drug candidates, or delays in planning and executing the bridging studies required to use the new
formulations in subsequent clinical trials; • inadequate supply or deficient quality of drug candidate materials or other materials necessary to conduct our clinical trials; • unfavorable FDA inspection and review of a clinical trial site or records of any clinical or preclinical investigation; or • serious and unexpected drug-related side effects experienced by participants in our clinical trials or in third-party clinical trials of similar HCV
drug candidates. Our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials in sufficient numbers and on a
timely basis will be subject to a number of factors, including the size of the patient population, the nature of the protocol, the existence of clinical trials for competing drugs also in clinical development, the proximity of patients to clinical
sites, the availability of effective treatments for the relevant disease and the eligibility criteria for the clinical trial. Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs and longer development times. We currently face competition for
subjects to enroll in our clinical trials and may have to expand the number of sites at which the trials are conducted. If we are not successful in doing so, the planned timing for release of data from these trials may not be achieved. In addition,
subjects may drop out of our clinical trials, and thereby impair the validity or statistical significance of the trials. 36 Table of Contents We, the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities may suspend clinical trials of a drug
candidate at any time if we or they believe the subjects or patients participating in such clinical trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or for other reasons. For example, in June 2013, the FDA placed a full clinical hold on
sovaprevir after elevations in liver enzymes were noted in a phase I healthy subject drug-drug interaction study evaluating the effects of concomitant administration of sovaprevir with ritonavir-boosted atazanavir. Such hold was lifted in June 2014,
allowing us to continue dosing sovaprevir in HCV-infected subjects. Additionally, when we advanced sovaprevir into longer term clinical trials in phase II, we established predetermined stopping rules, as well as a Data Safety Monitoring Board, or
DSMB, in order to monitor and ensure patient safety. Any interruption of these clinical trials, whether as a result of one of our drug candidates, or of co-administration of a concomitant anti-HCV agent, or of administrative review delays on the
part of the DSMB or FDA, could cause delays in our drug development. We cannot predict whether any of our drug candidates
will encounter problems during clinical trials which will cause us or regulatory authorities to delay or suspend these trials, or which will delay the analysis of data from these trials. In addition, it is impossible to predict whether legislative
changes will be enacted, or whether FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. If we experience any such problems, we may not have the financial resources to continue development
of the drug candidate that is affected or the development of any of our other drug candidates. In addition, we, along with
our collaborators or subcontractors, may not employ, in any capacity, persons who have been debarred under the FDA’s Application Integrity Policy. Employment of such a debarred person (even if inadvertently) may result in delays in the
FDA’s review or approval of our products, or the rejection of data developed with the involvement of such persons. Fast Track
designation does not guarantee approval, or expedited approval, of ACH-3102 or sovaprevir and there is no guarantee that ACH-3102 or sovaprevir will maintain Fast Track designation. In December 2011 and May 2012, we announced that the FDA granted Fast Track designation to sovaprevir and ACH-3102, respectively, for
the treatment of HCV. Under the FDA Modernization Act of 1997, Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of new drugs that are intended to treat serious or life-threatening conditions. Compounds
selected must demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need for such a condition. Mechanisms intended to facilitate development include opportunities for frequent dialogue with FDA reviewers and for timely review of submitted protocols.
However, the designation does not guarantee approval or expedited approval of any application for the product. Furthermore, the FDA may revoke Fast Track designation from a product candidate at any time if it determines that the criteria are no
longer met. Even if we obtain regulatory approvals, our drug candidates will be subject to ongoing regulatory review. If we fail to comply
with continuing U.S. and applicable foreign regulations, we could lose those approvals, and our business would be seriously harmed. Even if we receive regulatory approval of any drugs we are developing or may develop, we will be subject to continuing regulatory review, including the review of clinical results which are reported after
our drug candidates become commercially available approved drugs. As greater numbers of patients use a drug following its approval, side effects and other problems may be observed after approval that were not seen or anticipated during pre-approval
clinical trials. In addition, the manufacturer, and the manufacturing facilities we use to make any approved drugs, will also be subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA. The subsequent discovery of previously unknown problems with the drug, manufacturer or facility may result in restrictions on the drug,
manufacturer or facility, including withdrawal of the drug from the market. If we fail to comply with applicable continuing regulatory requirements, we may be subject to fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval, product recalls and
seizures, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions. Our product promotion and advertising is also subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory 37 Table of Contents review. In particular, the marketing claims we will be permitted to make in labeling or advertising regarding our marketed products will be limited by the terms and conditions of the FDA-approved
labeling. We must submit copies of our advertisements and promotional labeling to the FDA at the time of initial publication or dissemination. If the FDA believes these materials or statements promote our products for unapproved indications, or with
unsubstantiated claims, or if we fail to provide appropriate safety-related information, the FDA could allege that our promotional activities misbrand our products. Specifically, the FDA could issue a warning letter, which may demand, among other
things, that we cease such promotional activities and issue corrective advertisements and labeling. The FDA also could take enforcement action including seizure of allegedly misbranded product, injunction or criminal prosecution against us and our
officers or employees. If we repeatedly or deliberately fail to submit such advertisements and labeling to the FDA, the FDA could withdraw our approvals. Moreover, the Department of Justice can bring civil or criminal actions against companies that
promote drugs or biologics for unapproved uses, based on the False Claims Act and other federal laws governing reimbursement for such products under the Medicare, Medicaid and other federally supported healthcare programs. Monetary penalties in such
cases have often been substantial, and civil penalties can include costly mandatory compliance programs and exclusion from federal healthcare programs. If we do not comply with laws regulating the protection of the environment and health and human safety, our business could be adversely affected. Our research and development efforts involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, chemicals and various radioactive compounds.
Although we believe that our safety procedures for the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposing of these materials comply with the standards prescribed by federal, state and local laws and regulations, the risk of accidental contamination
or injury from these materials cannot be eliminated. If an accident occurs, we could be held liable for resulting damages, which could be substantial. We are also subject to numerous environmental, health and workplace safety laws and regulations,
including those governing laboratory procedures, exposure to blood-borne pathogens and the handling of biohazardous materials. Additional federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting our operations may be adopted in the future. Although we maintain
workers’ compensation insurance to cover us for costs we may incur due to injuries to our employees resulting from the use of these materials, this insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential liabilities. In addition, though
we have environmental liability insurance, such coverage may not provide for all related losses. We may incur substantial costs to comply with, and substantial fines or penalties, if we violate any of these laws or regulations. In addition to regulations in the United States, we are and will be subject, either directly or through our distribution partners, to a variety of
regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales and distribution of our products, if approved. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in non-U.S. countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of
the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like an investigational new drug application prior to the commencement of human clinical
trials. In Europe, for example, a clinical trial application, or CTA, must be submitted to the competent national health authority and to independent ethics committees in each country in which a company intends to conduct clinical trials. Once the
CTA is approved in accordance with a country’s requirements, clinical trial development may proceed in that country. The
requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with good clinical practices, or GCPs,
and other applicable regulatory requirements. To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug under European Union,
or E.U., regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application. This application is similar to the NDA in the United 38 Table of Contents States, with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements. Drugs can be authorized in the E.U. by using (i) the centralized authorization procedure,
(ii) the mutual recognition procedure, (iii) the decentralized procedure or (iv) national authorization procedures. The European Medicines Agency, or EMA, implemented the centralized procedure for the approval of human drugs to facilitate marketing authorizations that are valid throughout the E.U. This procedure
results in a single marketing authorization granted by the European Commission that is valid across the European Union, as well as in Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized procedure is compulsory for certain human drugs including those
that are: (i) derived from biotechnology processes, such as genetic engineering or (ii) contain a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative diseases,
autoimmune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. Market exclusivity provisions under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act,
or FDCA, can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year period of
non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same
active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application, or ANDA, or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another
company for another version of such drug where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent
invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an approved NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or
sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions associated with
the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA; however, an applicant
submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties We may not be able to execute our business strategy if we are unable to enter into alliances with other companies that can provide capabilities and funds for the development and commercialization of
our drug candidates. If we are unsuccessful in forming or maintaining these alliances on favorable terms, our business may not succeed. We may consider forming exclusive or non-exclusive alliances with major biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies to jointly develop, and commercialize if approved, our NS5A inhibitor candidates, our
nucleotide polymerase inhibitor candidates and/or our protease inhibitor candidates. In such alliances, we would expect our biotechnology or pharmaceutical collaborators to provide substantial funding, as well as significant capabilities in clinical
development, regulatory affairs, marketing and sales. We may not be successful in entering into any such alliances on favorable terms or in a timely manner, if at all. There are a limited number of collaboration partners whose pipeline of HCV
clinical candidates are suitable for co-development with ours. There are also a limited number of potential collaboration partners without a robust HCV drug candidate pipeline, but demonstrated commercial interest in HCV therapeutics who may have
interest in gaining rights to our HCV drug candidates. Recent consolidation may have reduced the number of potential partners further making achieving a suitable partnership more difficult, potentially limiting our ability to command a significant
premium in any such transaction. Further, if potential collaboration partners enter alliances with other competing HCV companies, our future business prospects may be harmed, as these alliances could reduce the pool of potential partners for our
compounds and/or limit the value of such alliance. 39 Table of Contents Even if we do succeed in securing such alliances, we may not be able to maintain them if
development or approval of a drug candidate is delayed or sales of an approved drug are disappointing. For example, a 2004 license and collaboration agreement between us and Gilead for the advancement of certain HCV compounds operating by the
mechanism of action known as NS4A antagonism was terminated in February 2012 as neither party was devoting significant time to advancing the compounds under the agreement. Furthermore, any delay in entering into collaboration agreements could delay
the development and commercialization of our drug candidates and reduce their competitiveness even if they reach the market. Any such delay related to our collaborations could adversely affect our business. We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials, and those third parties may not perform satisfactorily, including failing to meet established
deadlines for the completion of such trials. We rely on third parties such as contract research organizations, medical
institutions and clinical investigators to enroll qualified patients and conduct our clinical trials. Our reliance on these third parties for clinical development activities reduces our control over these activities. These third-party contractors
may not complete activities on schedule, or may not conduct our clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements or our trial design. To date, we believe our contract research organizations and other similar entities with which we are
working have performed well. However, if these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may be required to replace them. Although we believe that there are a number of other third-party
contractors we could engage to continue these activities, it may result in a delay of the affected trial. Accordingly, our efforts to obtain regulatory approvals for and commercialize our drug candidates may be delayed. We currently depend on third-party manufacturers to produce our preclinical and clinical drug supplies and intend to rely upon third-party
manufacturers to produce commercial supplies of any approved drug candidates. We also depend on third parties to assist us in developing appropriate formulations of our drug candidates. If, in the future, we manufacture any of our drug candidates,
we will be required to incur significant costs and devote significant efforts to establish and maintain these capabilities. We rely upon third parties to produce material for preclinical and clinical testing purposes and intend to continue to do so in the
future. We also depend on third parties to assist us in developing appropriate formulations of our drug candidates. We also expect to rely upon third parties to produce materials required for the commercial production of our drug candidates if we
succeed in obtaining necessary regulatory approvals. If we are unable to arrange for third-party manufacturing, or to do so on commercially reasonable terms, we may not be able to complete development of our drug candidates or market them. Further,
if third parties are not successful in formulation development of our drug candidates, our development timelines may be delayed. Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured drug candidates
ourselves, including reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance, the possibility of breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party because of factors beyond our control and the possibility of termination or
nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party, based on its own business priorities, at a time that is costly or damaging to us. In addition, the FDA and other regulatory authorities require that our drug candidates be manufactured according to
current good manufacturing practice regulations. Any failure by us or our third-party manufacturers to comply with current good manufacturing practices and/or our failure to scale up our manufacturing processes could lead to a delay in, or failure
to obtain, regulatory approval of any of our drug candidates. In addition, such failure could be the basis for action by the FDA to withdraw approvals for drug candidates previously granted to us and for other regulatory action. To date, our third-party formulators and manufacturers have met our formulation and manufacturing requirements, but we cannot be assured
that they will continue to do so. Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future formulators or manufacturers could delay clinical development or regulatory approval of our drug candidates or commercialization of any approved
products. If for some reason our current contractors cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace them. Although we believe that there are a number of potential replacements given our formulation and manufacturing processes are not
contractor specific, we may 40 Table of Contents incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacements. Furthermore, although we generally do not begin a clinical trial unless we believe we have a sufficient supply of
a drug candidate to complete the trial, any significant delay in the supply of a drug candidate for an ongoing trial due to the need to replace a third-party manufacturer could delay completion of the trial. We may in the future elect to manufacture certain of our drug candidates in our own manufacturing facilities. If we do so, we will
require substantial additional funds and need to recruit qualified personnel in order to build or lease and operate any manufacturing facilities. Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Drug Candidates If we are unable to establish
sales and marketing capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to market and sell our drug candidates, we may not generate product revenue. We have no commercial products, and we do not currently have an organization for the sales and marketing of pharmaceutical products. In order to successfully commercialize any drugs that may be approved
in the future by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, we must build our sales and marketing capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For certain drug candidates in selected indications where we
believe that an approved product could be commercialized by a specialty North American sales force that calls on a limited but focused group of physicians, we may commercialize these products ourselves. However, in therapeutic indications that
require a large sales force selling to a large and diverse prescribing population and for markets outside of North America, we may enter into arrangements with other companies for commercialization. If we are unable to establish adequate sales,
marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, we may not be able to generate product revenue and may not become profitable. The development of directly acting antivirals to treat HCV, and the potential changes in market dynamics that may result from their introduction for HCV therapy, may present additional risks beyond
those inherent in drug development. We are developing multiple DAA compounds, in three distinct
classes, for combination treatment of HCV. Other companies are also developing DAAs in these classes, as well as other classes. Until the recent introduction of DAA therapy, the standard of care for HCV infection included therapy with pegylated
interferon and ribavirin. DAAs developed by our competitors, telaprevir (Incivek ® ) by Vertex, boceprevir
(Victrelis ® ) by Merck, simeprevir (Olysio ® ) by Johnson & Johnson and sofosbuvir (Sovaldi ® ) by Gilead, were approved by the FDA for use in combination with P/R, and became a new standard of care for genotype 1 HCV (in the case of telaprevir, boceprevir and
simeprevir) and for genotype 2/3 in the case of sofosbuvir. In addition, in October 2014, the first all oral DAA combination therapy for genotype 1 HCV, Gilead’s combination therapy of sofosbuvir/ledipasvir (Harvoni™), was approved
for commercialization by the FDA, followed in December 2014 by AbbVie’s ombitasvir/paritaprevir/ritonavir/ dasabuvir/ribavirin combination (Viekira Pak™.) We cannot currently predict when or if additional compounds currently in development
may again change the standard of care in the future. The development plans for our compounds include treatment regimens with
our inhibitors in combination with another DAA, or our inhibitors with one or more DAAs with or without concomitant ribavirin therapy. These development programs carry all the risks inherent in drug development activities, including the risk that
they will fail to show efficacy or acceptable safety, as well as the risk that a safety issue related to one compound may negatively impact another compound with which it is dosed. In addition, these development programs may also be subject to
additional regulatory, commercial and manufacturing risks that may be additional to the risks inherent in drug development activities. Regulatory guidelines for approval of DAA drugs for the treatment of HCV are evolving in the United States, Europe, and other countries. We anticipate that regulatory guidelines and regulatory agency
responses to our and our competitors’ development programs will continue to change, resulting in the risk that our activities may not meet unanticipated new standards or requirements, which could lead to delay, additional expense, or potential
failure of development activities. 41 Table of Contents Furthermore, even if we or our competitors successfully develop DAAs whose use improves the
current standard of care, current HCV-treating physicians, HCV patients, healthcare payers, and others may not readily accept or pay for such improvements or new treatments. In addition, because development of DAAs for HCV infection is an emerging
field, the delay or failure of a competitor attempting to develop therapeutics that could have been combined with our product candidates or that are perceived to be similar to our product candidates could have a significant adverse effect on the
commercial or regulatory environment for our product candidates or on the price of our stock. Other companies developing DAAs have more advanced development programs than we do. Their success or failure to successfully conclude clinical development
and obtain marketing approval could have a material adverse effect on our development and commercialization plans and activities. If our
future drugs do not achieve market acceptance, we may be unable to generate significant revenue, if any. Even if
combinations of ACH-3102, ACH-3422, sovaprevir, or any other drug candidates we may develop or acquire in the future obtain regulatory approval, they may not gain market acceptance among physicians, health care payors, patients and the medical
community. Factors that we believe could materially affect market acceptance of our product candidates include: • the timing of market introduction of competitive drugs; • the demonstrated clinical safety and efficacy of our product candidates compared to other drugs and other drug candidates; • the suitability of our drug candidates to be co-administered or combined with other drugs or drug candidates; • the durability of our drug candidates in their ability to prevent the emergence of drug-resistant viral mutants; • the convenience and ease of administration of our product candidates; • the existence, prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; • other potential advantages of alternative treatment methods; • the effectiveness of marketing and distribution support; • the cost-effectiveness of our product candidates; and • the availability of reimbursement from managed care plans, the government and other third-party payors. If our approved drugs fail to achieve market acceptance, we would not be able to generate significant revenue. If third-party payors do not adequately reimburse patients for any of our drug candidates that are approved for marketing, they might not be purchased
or used, and our revenues and profits will not develop or increase. Our revenues and profits will depend significantly
upon the availability of adequate reimbursement for the use of any approved drug candidates from governmental and other third-party payors, both in the United States and in foreign markets. Reimbursement by a third party may depend upon a number of
factors, including the third-party payor’s determination that use of a product is: • a covered benefit under its health plan; • safe, effective and medically necessary; • appropriate for the specific patient; 42 Table of Contents • cost effective; and • neither experimental nor investigational. Obtaining reimbursement approval for a product from each third-party and government payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide supporting scientific, clinical and
cost-effectiveness data for the use of any approved drugs to each payor. We may not be able to provide data sufficient to gain acceptance with respect to reimbursement. There also exists substantial uncertainty concerning third-party reimbursement
for the use of any drug candidate incorporating new technology, and even if determined eligible, coverage may be more limited than the purposes for which the drug is approved by the FDA. Moreover, eligibility for coverage does not imply that any
drug will be reimbursed in all cases or at a rate that allows us to make a profit or even cover our costs. Interim payments for new products, if applicable, may also be insufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement
rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower-cost products or combinations of products that are already reimbursed, may be incorporated into existing
payments for other products or services, and may reflect budgetary constraints and/or imperfections in Medicare or Medicaid data used to calculate these rates. Net prices for products may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by
government health care programs or by any future relaxation of laws that restrict imports of certain medical products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Further, we may face future challenges from payors as new HCV drug approvals such as sofosbuvir (Sovaldi ® ) have relatively high cost per course of treatment. For example, Sovaldi ® is currently priced at approximately $84,000 per 12 week treatment course, or $1,000 per daily dose, and
Harvoni™ is currently priced at approximately $94,500 per 12 week treatment course. As a result, pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, such as Express Scripts, Inc. and CVS Caremark Corporation have negotiated and announced discounted
pricing for participants in contracted health plans, and patients may not have access to all regimens. For example, Gilead Sciences recently announced that they expect aggregate discounts and rebates from list price to total approximately 46% for
2015. Market reaction to announcements about these types of discounts and market expectations about future price pressure may negatively impact our market value and place downward pressure on our stock price. In the United States, at both the federal and state levels, the government regularly proposes legislation to reform health care and its
cost, and such proposals have received increasing political attention. In 2010, Congress recently passed legislation to reform the U.S. health care system by expanding health insurance coverage, reducing health care costs and making other changes.
While health care reform may increase the number of patients who have insurance coverage for the use of any approved drug candidate, it may also include changes that adversely affect reimbursement for approved drug candidates. In addition, there has
been, and we expect that there will continue to be, federal and state proposals to constrain expenditures for medical products and services, which may affect payments for any of our approved products. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services
frequently change product descriptors, coverage policies, product and service codes, payment methodologies and reimbursement values. Third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement
rates and may have sufficient market power to demand significant price reductions. As a result of actions by these third-party payors, the health care industry is experiencing a trend toward containing or reducing costs through various means,
including lowering reimbursement rates, limiting therapeutic class coverage and negotiating reduced payment schedules with service providers for drug products. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable reimbursement rates from government-funded and private payors for any approved products could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results and our overall financial condition. Growing availability of specialty and orphan pharmaceuticals may lead to increased focus on
cost containment. Specialty pharmaceuticals refer to drugs that are generally complex to manufacture, can be difficult to
administer, and may require specialty distribution and special patient monitoring. Orphan pharmaceuticals refer 43 Table of Contents to medicines that treat rare or life-threatening conditions that have smaller patient populations, such as certain types of cancer. The growing availability and use of specialty and orphan
pharmaceuticals, combined with their relative higher cost as compared to other types of pharmaceutical products, is beginning to generate significant payer interest in developing cost containment strategies targeted to this sector. While the impact
on our payers’ efforts to control access and pricing of specialty and orphan pharmaceuticals has been limited to date, the increasing use of health technology assessment in markets around the world and the deteriorating finances of governments,
may lead to a more significant adverse business impact on drug pricing in the future. Even if we are able to commercialize any product
candidates, the products may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, third-party reimbursement practices or healthcare reform initiatives, thereby harming our business. The regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new therapeutic and diagnostic products vary widely from
country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a product before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or product licensing approval is granted. In some foreign markets,
prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain regulatory approval for a product in a particular country, but then be subject to price
regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product and negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product in that country. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one
or more product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain regulatory approval. Our ability to commercialize any
products successfully also will depend in part on the extent to which reimbursement for these products and related treatments will be available from government health administration authorities, private health insurers and other organizations.
Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. A primary trend in the U.S. healthcare industry and
elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and these third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that
companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is
available, what the level of reimbursement will be. Reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product for which we obtain marketing approval. Obtaining reimbursement for our products may be particularly difficult because of the
higher prices often associated with products administered under the supervision of a physician. If reimbursement is not available or is available only to limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate that we
successfully develop. There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for approved products, and coverage may be
more limited than the purposes for which the product is approved by the FDA or regulatory authorities in other countries. Moreover, eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any product will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers
our costs, including research, development, manufacture, sale and distribution. Interim payments for new products, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Payment rates may vary according to the
use of the product and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower cost products that are already reimbursed, and may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. Net prices for products may be
reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of products from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the
United States. Third-party payors often rely upon Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement policies. Our inability to promptly obtain coverage and profitable payment rates from both government funded and
private payors for new products that we develop could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, our ability to raise capital needed to commercialize products and our overall financial condition. 44 Table of Contents Risks Related to Patents and Licenses If our patent position does not adequately protect our drug candidates, others could compete against us more directly, which would harm our business. We own or hold exclusive licenses to several issued patents U.S. and pending U.S. provisional and non-provisional patent applications, as
well as pending PCT applications and associated non-US patents and patent applications. Our success depends in large part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection both in the United States and in other countries for our drug
candidates. Our ability to protect our drug candidates from unauthorized or infringing use by third parties depends in substantial part on our ability to obtain and maintain valid and enforceable patents. Due to evolving legal standards relating to
the patentability, validity and enforceability of patents covering pharmaceutical inventions and the scope of claims made under these patents, our ability to maintain, obtain and enforce patents is uncertain and involves complex legal and factual
questions. Accordingly, rights under any issued patents may not provide us with sufficient protection for our drug candidates or provide sufficient protection to afford us a commercial advantage against competitive products or processes. We cannot
guarantee that any patents will issue from any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us. Even if
patents have issued or will issue, we cannot guarantee that the claims of these patents are or will be valid or enforceable or will provide us with any significant protection against competitive products or otherwise be commercially valuable to us.
Patent applications in the United States are maintained in confidence for up to 18 months after their filing. In some cases, however, patent applications remain confidential in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, which we refer to as the U.S.
Patent Office, for the entire time prior to issuance as a U.S. patent. Similarly, publication of discoveries in the scientific or patent literature often lags behind actual discoveries. Consequently, we cannot be certain that we or our
licensors or co-owners were the first to invent, or the first to file patent applications on, our drug candidates or their use as anti-infective drugs. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial and it is possible that our efforts would be
unsuccessful, resulting in a loss of our U.S. patent position. Furthermore, we may not have identified all U.S. and foreign patents or published applications that affect our business either by blocking our ability to commercialize our drugs or by
covering similar technologies that affect our drug market. The HCV inhibitor space is particularly crowded in terms of
intellectual property, and certain competitors such as AstraZeneca, Bayer AG, or Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Enanta, Gilead (including Pharmasset), GlaxoSmithKline, the Janssen Pharmaceuticals companies of
Johnson & Johnson (including Alios), Merck (including Idenix), Novartis and Vertex have disclosed compounds that may be prior art to our patent applications and prevent issuance or alter the scope of any claims that we may pursue related to
our drug candidates. The claims of the issued patents that are licensed to us, and the claims of any patents which may issue
in the future and be owned by or licensed to us, may not confer on us significant commercial protection against competing products. Additionally, our patents may be challenged by third parties, resulting in the patent being deemed invalid,
unenforceable or narrowed in scope, or the third party may circumvent any such issued patents. Also, our pending patent applications may not issue, and we may not receive any additional patents. Our patents might not contain claims that are
sufficiently broad to prevent others from utilizing our technologies. For instance, the issued patents relating to our drug candidates may be limited to a particular molecule. Consequently, our competitors may independently develop competing
products that do not infringe our patents or other intellectual property. To the extent a competitor can develop similar products using a different molecule, our patents may not prevent others from directly competing with us. The Leahy-Smith America Invents Act, or the America Invents Act, was signed into law in September 2011, and many of the substantive
changes became effective in March 2013. The America Invents Act reforms United States patent law in part by changing the standard for patent approval from a “first to invent” standard to a “first to file” standard and developing
a post-grant review system. This legislation changes United States patent law in a way that may weaken our ability to obtain patent protection in the United States for those applications filed after March 2013. 45 Table of Contents Further, the America Invents Act created for the first time new procedures to challenge
issued patents in the United States, including post-grant review and inter partes review proceedings, which some third parties have been using to cause the cancellation of selected or all claims of issued patents of competitors. For a patent with a
priority date of March 16, 2013 or later, a petition for post-grant review can be filed by a third party in a nine month window from issuance of the patent. A petition for inter partes review can be filed immediately following the issuance of a
patent if the patent was filed prior to March 16, 2013. A petition for inter partes review can be filed after the nine month period for filing a post-grant review petition has expired for a patent with a priority date of March 16, 2013 or
later. Post-grant review proceedings can be brought on any ground of challenge, whereas inter partes review proceedings can only be brought to raise a challenge based on published prior art. These adversarial actions at the U.S. Patent Office review
patent claims without the presumption of validity afforded to U.S. patents in lawsuits in U.S. federal courts, and use a lower burden of proof than used in litigation in U.S. federal courts. Therefore, it is generally considered easier for a
competitor or third party to have a U.S. patent cancelled in a Patent Office post-grant review or inter partes review proceeding than invalidated in a litigation in a U.S. federal court. If any of our patents are challenged by a third party in such
a U.S. patent office proceeding, there is no guarantee that we or our licensors will be successful in defending the patent, which would result in a loss of the challenged patent right to us. The laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as in the United States and many
companies have encountered significant difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. If we encounter such difficulties in protecting or are otherwise precluded from effectively protecting our intellectual property
rights in foreign jurisdictions, our business prospects could be substantially harmed. Because of the extensive time required
for development, testing and regulatory review of a potential product, it is possible that, before any of our drug candidates can be commercialized, any related patent may expire or remain in force for only a short period following commercialization
of our drug candidates, thereby reducing any advantages of the patent. To the extent our drug candidates based on that technology are not commercialized significantly ahead of the date of any applicable patent, or to the extent we have no other
patent protection on such product candidates, those drug candidates would not be protected by patents, and we would then rely solely on other forms of exclusivity, such as regulatory exclusivity provided by the FDCA or trade secret protection. We license patent rights from third-party owners. If such owners do not properly maintain or enforce the patents underlying such licenses,
our competitive position and business prospects will be harmed. We are party to a number of licenses that give us rights
to third-party intellectual property that is necessary or useful for our business. In particular, we have obtained licenses from Yale University and Emory University with respect to elvucitabine. We may enter into additional licenses for third-party
intellectual property in the future. Our success will depend in part on the ability of our licensors to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection for their intellectual property, in particular, those patents to which we have secured exclusive
rights. Our licensors may not successfully prosecute the patent applications to which we are licensed. Even if patents issue in respect of these patent applications, our licensors may fail to maintain these patents, may determine not to pursue
litigation against other companies that are infringing these patents, or may pursue such litigation less aggressively than we would. In addition, our licensors may terminate their agreements with us in the event we breach the applicable license
agreement and fail to cure the breach within a specified period of time. Without protection for the intellectual property we license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical products for sale, which could adversely affect our
competitive business position and harm our business prospects. Because our research and development of drug candidates
incorporates compounds and other information that is the intellectual property of third parties, we depend on continued access to such intellectual property to conduct and complete our preclinical and clinical research and commercialize the drug
candidates that result 46 Table of Contents from this research. Some of our existing licenses impose, and we expect that future licenses would impose, numerous obligations on us. For example, under our existing and future license
agreements, we may be required to pay minimum annual royalty amounts and/or payments upon the achievement of specified milestones. We may also be required to reimburse patent costs incurred by the licensor, or we may be obligated to pay additional
royalties, at specified rates, based on net sales of our product candidates that incorporate the licensed intellectual property rights. We may also be obligated under some of these agreements to pay a percentage of any future sublicensing revenues
that we may receive. Future license agreements may also include payment obligations such as milestone payments or minimum expenditures for research and development. In addition to our payment obligations under our current licenses, we are required
to comply with reporting, insurance and indemnification requirements under the agreements. We expect that any future licenses would contain similar requirements. If we fail to comply with these obligations or otherwise breach a license agreement, the licensor may have the right to terminate the license in whole, terminate the exclusive nature of the license or
bring a claim against us for damages. Any such termination or claim could prevent or impede our ability to market any drug that is covered by the licensed intellectual property. Even if we contest any such termination or claim and are ultimately
successful, our financial results and stock price could suffer. In addition, upon any termination of a license agreement, we may be required to grant to the licensor a license to any related intellectual property that we developed. For example, the
licensors have the right to terminate our license of the intellectual property covered by its licenses to us under certain circumstances, including our failure to make payments to the licensor when due and our uncured breach of any other terms of
the licenses. If access to such intellectual property is terminated, or becomes more expensive as a result of renegotiation of any of our existing license agreements, our ability to continue development of our product candidates or the successful
commercialization of our drug candidates could be severely compromised and our business could be adversely affected. If we infringe or are
alleged to infringe intellectual property rights of third parties, our business could be harmed. Our research, development
and commercialization activities, including any drug candidates resulting from these activities, may infringe or be claimed to infringe patents or other proprietary rights owned by third parties and to which we do not hold licenses or other rights.
There may be applications that have been filed but not published that, if issued, could be asserted against us. We are aware that certain third parties, including AstraZeneca, Bayer, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Enanta, Gilead, (including Pharmasset),
GlaxoSmithKline, the Janssen Pharmaceuticals companies of Johnson & Johnson (including Alios), Merck (including Idenix), Novartis and Vertex have applications that are directed to certain classes of HCV inhibitors, including synthetic
nucleotides. If a patent infringement suit were brought against us, we could be forced to stop or delay research, development, manufacturing or sales of the drug or drug candidate that is the subject of the suit. Further, if we are found to
have infringed a third-party patent, we could be obligated to pay royalties and/or other payments to the third party for the sale of our product, which may be substantial, or we could be enjoined from selling our product. For example, we are aware that litigation has been instituted between Merck and Gilead, as well as Idenix and
Gilead, wherein Merck (including Idenix) has asserted that Gilead’s commercialization of Sovaldi ® (sofosbuvir), a nucleotide analog polymerase inhibitor, for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C would infringe certain patents owned by Merck and certain patents co-owned by Idenix. Given the heightened litigation environment around Sovaldi ® , it follows that the commercialization of ACH-3422, which is also a uridine nucleotide prodrug, may be subject to
similar infringement challenges by Merck, Gilead and/or other companies. There has been substantial litigation and other
proceedings regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. In addition to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent litigation and other proceedings, including
post-grant review proceedings, inter partes review proceedings or interference proceedings declared by the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office and/or opposition proceedings in the European Patent Office, regarding intellectual property rights with
respect to our product candidates and technology. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation or other proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. 47 Table of Contents Litigation regarding patents, intellectual property, and other proprietary rights may be expensive and
time consuming. If we are involved in such litigation, it could cause delays in bringing drug candidates to market and harm our ability to operate. Our success will depend in part on our ability to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of third parties. Although we are not currently aware of any litigation or other proceedings or
third-party claims of intellectual property infringement against us related to our drug candidates, the pharmaceutical industry is characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Other parties may
obtain patents in the future and allege that the use of our technologies infringes these patent claims or that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. Likewise, third parties may challenge or infringe upon our existing
or future patents. Under our license agreements with Yale University we have the right, but not an obligation, to bring actions against an infringing third party. If we do not bring an action within a specified number of days, the licensor may bring
an action against the infringing party. Proceedings involving our patents or patent applications or those of others could result in adverse decisions regarding: • the patentability of our inventions relating to our drug candidates; and/or • the enforceability, validity or scope of protection offered by our patents relating to our drug candidates. Even if we are successful in these proceedings, we may incur substantial costs and divert management time and attention in pursuing these
proceedings, which could have a material adverse effect on us. If we are unable to avoid infringing the patent rights of others, we may be required to seek a license, defend an infringement action or challenge the validity of the patents in court.
Patent litigation is costly and time consuming. We may not have sufficient resources to bring these actions to a successful conclusion. In addition, if we do not obtain a license, develop or obtain non-infringing technology, fail to defend an
infringement action successfully or have infringed patents declared invalid, we may: • incur substantial monetary damages; • encounter significant delays in bringing our drug candidates to market; and/or • be precluded from participating in the manufacture, use or sale of our drug candidates or methods of treatment requiring licenses. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual
property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, during the course of this kind of litigation, there could be public announcements of the
results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If investors perceive these results to be negative, the market price for our common stock could be significantly harmed. Because of the relative weakness of the Chinese and Indian legal systems in general, and intellectual property rights in particular, we may not be
able to enforce intellectual property rights in China and India. The legal regime protecting intellectual property rights
in China and India is weak. Because the Chinese and Indian legal systems in general, and the intellectual property regime in particular, are relatively weak, it is often difficult to create and enforce intellectual property rights in China and
India. Accordingly, we may not be able to effectively protect our intellectual property rights for our compounds in China and India. We
rely on our ability to stop others from competing by enforcing our patents, however some jurisdictions may require us to grant licenses to third parties. Such compulsory licenses could be extended to include some of our product candidates, which may
limit our potential revenue opportunities. Many foreign countries, including certain countries in Asia, have compulsory
licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, most countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent 48 Table of Contents owner may be limited to monetary relief and may be unable to enjoin infringement, which could materially diminish the value of the patent. Compulsory licensing of life-saving products is also
becoming increasingly popular in developing countries, either through direct legislation or international initiatives. Such compulsory licenses could be extended to include some of our product candidates, which may limit our potential revenue
opportunities. The rights we rely upon to protect our unpatented trade secrets may be inadequate. We rely on unpatented trade secrets, know-how and technology, which are difficult to protect, especially in the pharmaceutical industry,
where much of the information about a product must be made public during the regulatory approval process. We seek to protect trade secrets, in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with employees, consultants and others. These parties
may breach or terminate these agreements, or may refuse to enter into such agreements with us, and we may not have adequate remedies for such breaches. Furthermore, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or
other proprietary information or result in the effective assignment to us of intellectual property, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential information or other breaches of the
agreements. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, we or our collaboration partners, board members, employees, consultants, contractors or scientific and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our proprietary information
to competitors. If we fail to maintain trade secret protection, our competitive position may be adversely affected.
Competitors may also independently discover our trade secrets. Enforcement of claims that a third party has illegally obtained and is using trade secrets is expensive, time consuming and uncertain. If our competitors independently develop equivalent
knowledge, methods and know-how, we would not be able to assert our trade secrets against them and our business could be harmed. Confidentiality agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information and may
not adequately protect our intellectual property. We rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we
do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. In order to protect our proprietary technology and processes, we also rely in part on confidentiality and intellectual property
assignment agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators and sponsored researchers and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information nor result
in the effective assignment to us of intellectual property, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or other breaches of the agreements. In addition, others may independently
discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such case we could not assert any trade secret rights against such party. Enforcing a claim that a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is difficult, expensive and
time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to seek to enforce and determine the scope of our
proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could adversely affect our competitive business position. Risks Related to Our Securities Our
executive officers, directors and principal stockholders have the ability to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in
control if us and entrenching our management or board of directors. As of December 31, 2014, our directors, executive
officers and stockholders who own more than 5% of our outstanding common stock, together with their affiliates and related persons, beneficially own, in the aggregate, greater than approximately 40% of our outstanding common stock. As a result, if
these stockholders were to choose to act together, they would be able to control or significantly influence all matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election and removal of directors and any merger, consolidation, sale
of 49 Table of Contents all or substantially all of our assets or similar transaction, as well as our management and affairs. The interests of this group of stockholders may not always coincide with our corporate
interests or the interest of other stockholders, and they may act in a manner with which you may not agree or that may not be in the best interests of other stockholders. This concentration of voting power may have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change in control of our company on terms that other stockholders may desire and entrenching our management or board or directors. Our stock price has been and may in the future be volatile, and the market price of our common stock may decline in value in the future. The market price of our common stock has fluctuated in the past and is likely to fluctuate in the future. During the period from
January 1, 2009 to December 31, 2014, our stock price has ranged from a low of $0.70 to a high of $16.87. Market prices for securities of early stage pharmaceutical, biotechnology and other life sciences companies have historically been
particularly volatile. Some of the factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: • the results of clinical trials of our NS5A inhibitor, ACH-3102, our nucleotide polymerase inhibitor, ACH-3422, and our protease inhibitor, sovaprevir; • further developments relating to the FDA’s partial clinical hold on sovaprevir for multiple dose studies in healthy volunteers; • the results of clinical trials conducted by others on drugs that would compete with our drug candidates; • the announcements of those data, particularly at high profile medical meetings, and the investment community’s perception of and reaction to those
data; • the ability of our drug candidates to be dosed safely in combination with other drugs and/or drug candidates, both ours and others; • the entry into, modification of, or termination of key agreements, or any new collaboration agreement we may enter; • market expectations about the timeliness of our entry into, or failure to enter, collaboration arrangements with third parties; • market expectations about and response to the level of sales achieved by, or the prices for, competitive, recently approved drugs such as sofosbuvir
(Sovaldi ® ); • the entry by a potential third-party collaborator into an alliance with a competitor, or the entry by any other HCV drug developer into an alliance
that may be perceived as competitive to us; • the continued industry consolidation of pharmaceutical companies developing HCV drug therapies, or the acquisition of any one of our HCV drug
development competitors; • the premiums on other transactions and any significant increases or decreases of those premiums; • the results of regulatory reviews and actions relating to the approval of our drug candidates; • our failure to obtain patent protection for any of our drug candidates or the issuance of third-party patents that cover our drug candidates; • the initiation of, material developments in, or conclusion of litigation; • failure of any of our drug candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success; • general and industry-specific economic conditions that may affect our business, financial condition and operations, including without limitation
research and development expenditures; • the launch of drugs by others that would compete with our drug candidates; • the failure or discontinuation of any of our research programs; • issues in manufacturing our drug candidates or any approved products; 50 Table of Contents • the introduction of technological innovations or new commercial products by us or our competitors; • changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, who cover our common stock; • future sales of our common stock; • changes in the structure of health care payment systems; • period-to-period fluctuations in our financial results; • low trading volume of our common stock; and • the other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section. In addition, if we fail to reach an important research, development or commercialization milestone or result by a publicly expected
deadline, even if by only a small margin, there could be significant impact on the market price of our common stock. Additionally, as we approach the announcement of important clinical data or other significant information and as we announce such
results and information, we expect the price of our common stock to be particularly volatile, and negative results would have a substantial negative impact on the price of our common stock. The stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of
individual companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, stockholders have often instituted
class action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm our business operations and reputation.
For example, we, and certain of our current and former officers, were named as defendants in a consolidated class action lawsuit following our announcements regarding the FDA’s clinical hold related to sovaprevir, our clinical-stage drug
candidate for the treatment of chronic hepatitis C viral infection. On May 5, 2014, without any settlement payment by us, any individual defendant or any third party on their behalf, the lead plaintiffs in the consolidated class action lawsuit
voluntarily dismissed all of their claims without prejudice. Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences
on our business. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by the recent economic downturn and volatile
business environment and continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate further, or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and
more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical
development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive these difficult economic times, which would directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals
on schedule and on budget. Our management is required to devote substantial time and incur additional expense to comply with public
company regulations. Our failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to public investigations, fines, enforcement actions and other sanctions by regulatory agencies and authorities and, as a result, our stock price could decline in
value. As a public company, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related rules and regulations of the SEC, as well as
the rules of the NASDAQ Global Select Market, have required us to implement additional corporate governance practices and adhere to a variety of reporting requirements and complex accounting rules. Compliance with these public company obligations
places significant additional demands on our limited number of finance and accounting staff and on our financial, accounting and information systems. 51 Table of Contents In particular, as a public company, our management is required to conduct an annual
evaluation of our internal controls over financial reporting and include a report of management on our internal controls in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. If we are unable to continue to conclude that we have effective internal controls over
financial reporting or, if our independent auditors are unable to provide us with an attestation and an unqualified report as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability
of our financial statements, which could result in a decrease in the value of our common stock. Because we do not anticipate paying any
cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be stockholders’ sole source of gain. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We anticipate that we will retain our earnings, if any, for future growth and therefore do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the
future. As a result, only appreciation of the price of our common stock will provide a return to stockholders. ITEM 1B