 An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following information about these risks, together with the other information
contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before investing in our common stock. If any of the events anticipated by the risks
described below occur, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected which could result in a decline
in the market price of our common stock, causing you to lose all or part of your investment. In addition to the forward-looking statements
outlined in the preceding topic in this Annual Report and other comments regarding risks and uncertainties included in the description
of our business and elsewhere in this Annual Report, the following risk factors should be carefully considered when evaluating
our business. Our business, financial condition and financial results could be materially and adversely affected by any of these
risks. The following risk factors do not include factors or risks which may arise or result from general economic conditions that
apply to all businesses in general or risks that could apply to any issuer or any offering. Risk Related to Our Corporation Our auditors have raised substantial
doubts as to our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements have been prepared
assuming we will continue as a going concern. Since inception in February 2010, we have experienced recurring losses from operations,
and these losses have caused an accumulated deficit of approximately $1,649,832 as of December 31, 2014. Other than the Assignment
Agreement, the Company generates only minimal revenues and the Company continues to experience operating losses. These factors,
among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We anticipate that our operating expenses will continue
to increase and we will continue to incur substantial losses in future periods until we are successful in significantly increasing
our revenues and cash flow. There are no assurances that we will be able to increase our revenues and cash flow to a level which
supports profitable operations and provides sufficient funds to pay our obligations. If we are unable to meet those obligations,
we could be forced to cease operations, in which event investors would lose their entire investment in our company. We are an “emerging growth company,”
and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to “emerging growth companies” could make our common stock less
attractive to investors. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups (“JOBS”) Act. Accordingly, we will not be required to comply with
the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for as long as we are an emerging growth company.
As a newly public company, our management can wait until our second annual report on Form 10-K as a public company to issue our
annual assessment of our internal control over financial reporting. For as long as we are an emerging growth company, we may take
advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies that are not emerging
growth companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements and exemptions from the requirements of holding advisory “say-on-pay” votes on executive
compensation and shareholder advisory votes on golden parachute compensation. We will remain an “emerging growth company”
until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we have total annual gross revenues of $1 billion or more;
(ii) the last date of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the first sale of common stock under this
registration statement; (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in
non-convertible debt; and (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated filer” under the Exchange
Act. We will be deemed a large accelerated filer on the first day of the fiscal year after the market value of our common equity
held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million, measured on October 31. We cannot predict if investors will find our
common stock less attractive to the extent we rely on the exemptions available to emerging growth companies. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock
price may be more volatile. 8 Notwithstanding the above, we are also currently
a “smaller reporting company,” meaning that we are not an investment company, an asset-backed issuer, or a majority-owned
subsidiary of a parent company that is not a smaller reporting company and have a public float of less than $75 million and annual
revenues of less than $50 million during the most recently completed fiscal year. In the event that we are still considered a “smaller
reporting company,” at such time as we cease being an “emerging growth company,” the disclosure we will be required
to provide in our SEC filings will increase, but will still be less than it would be if we were not considered either an “emerging
growth company,” or a “smaller reporting company.” Specifically, similar to “emerging growth companies,”
“smaller reporting companies” are able to provide simplified executive compensation disclosures in their filings, are
exempt from the provisions of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requiring that independent registered public accounting
firms provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, are not required to conduct
say-on-pay and frequency votes until annual meetings occurring on or after January 21, 2013, and have certain other decreased disclosure
obligations in their SEC filings, including, among other things, only being required to provide two years of audited financial
statements in annual reports. Decreased disclosures in our SEC filings due to our status as an “emerging growth company”
or “smaller reporting company” may make it harder for investors to analyze the Company’s results of operations
and financial prospects. Because we have elected to defer compliance
with new or revised accounting standards, our financial statement disclosure may not be comparable to similar companies. We have elected to use the extended transition
period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act. This allows us to delay
the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until
those standards apply to private companies. As a result of our election, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies
that comply with public company effective dates. We have incurred losses from operations
since inception and continued losses threaten our ability to remain in business and pursue our business plan. Since inception in 2010, we have incurred cumulative
losses of approximately $1,649,832 from operations. We anticipate incurring additional losses from operating activities in the
near future. Even if we are able to obtain additional debt or equity funding, you have no assurance we will be able achieve profitability
in our operations. Until we achieve break even between revenues and expenses, we will remain dependent on obtaining additional
debt and equity funding. Without sufficient revenues, we may be unable to create value in our common stock, to pay dividends and
to become a going concern. And, our lack of or expectation of profitability in the near future, if at all, can be expected to hamper
our efforts to raise additional debt or equity funding. In the event we do not become profitable within a reasonable period of
time, we may cease operations, in which event you will lose your entire investment. Our limited operating history makes it
difficult for you to evaluate the merits of purchasing our common stock. We have been in business for just over three
years and are an early revenue-stage enterprise. Our limited revenues and sales do not provide a sufficient basis for you to assess
our business and prospects. You have no assurance we will be able to generate sufficient revenues from our business to reach a
break-even level or to become profitable in future periods. We are subject to the risks inherent in any new business in a highly
competitive marketplace. Products and services that we have recently introduced or plan to introduce in the near future increase
our new-business risks and your difficulty in assessing our prospects. You must consider the likelihood of our success in light
of the problems, uncertainties, unexpected costs, difficulties, complications and delays frequently encountered in developing and
expanding a new business and the competitive environment in which we operate. If we fail to successfully address these risks, our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially harmed. Your purchase of our common stock should be
considered a high risk investment because of our unseasoned, early stage business which may likely encounter unforeseen costs,
expenses, competition and other problems to which such businesses are often subject. 9 We will incur increased costs as a result
of being a public company. These costs will adversely impact our results of operations. As a public company, we will incur significant
legal, accounting and other expenses that a private company does not incur. We estimate these costs to be approximately $50,000
annually and include the costs associated with having our financial statements prepared, audited and filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) via EDGAR (the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis, and Retrieval system) and XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) costs. In addition, we have costs associated with our transfer agent. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 (SOX) and related rules resulted in an increase in costs of maintaining compliance with the public reporting requirements,
as well as making it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain directors' and officers' liability insurance. These added
costs will delay the time in which we may expect to achieve profitability, if at all. Our management may not devote sufficient
time to our business and affairs because of their management positions in other public and private enterprises. Without adequate
management attention, we may not be able to establish our business and you risk the loss of your entire investment. Each of our executive officers will devote
a portion of his working time to at least one other publicly traded company, including Agritek, and in more than one other publicly
traded company and private business activities. Without sufficient attention to our business and affairs by our management, our
operations may suffer and we may be unable to achieve our potential and become profitable. Risks resulting from lack of profitability
are described in preceding risk factors, and include a risk that we will not be able to maintain ongoing operations. Our officers, directors, consultants
and advisors are not obligated to commit their time and attention exclusively to our business and therefore they may encounter
conflicts of interest with respect to the allocation of time between our operations and those of other businesses. Our directors are not obligated to commit their
time and attention exclusively to our business and, accordingly, they may encounter conflicts of interest in allocating their own
time between our operations and those of other businesses. Currently, B. Michael Friedman, our President
and Director, and Barry Hollander, our Chief Financial Officer, each commit between 25% and 50% of their time to our business in
their capacities as officers and directors. Nevertheless, if the execution of our business plan demands more time than is currently
committed by any of our officers, directors, consultants or advisors, they will be under no obligation to commit such additional
time, and their failure to do so may adversely affect our ability to carry on our business and successfully execute our business
plan. If you invest in our stock, your investment
may be disadvantaged by future funding, if we are able to obtain it. To the extent we obtain equity funding by issuance
of convertible securities or common stock, or common stock purchase warrants in connection with either type of funding, you may
suffer significant dilution in percentage of ownership and, if such issuances are below the then value of stockholder equity, in
stockholder equity per share. Future increases in the number of our shares outstanding will have a negative impact on earnings
per share; increasing the earnings we must achieve to sustain higher prices for our common stock. In addition, any debt financing
we may secure could involve restrictive covenants relating to our capital raising activities and other financial and operational
matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital with which to pursue our business plan, and to pay
dividends. You have no assurance we will be able to obtain any additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. Loss of key personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our operations. We are particularly
dependent upon our current executive management during the period before we achieve commercially sustainable operations, of which
we can provide no assurance. The termination of one or more members of our current executive management, all of whom we employ
on a part-time basis, for any reason in the near future could be expected to have a materially adverse effect on us because we
only have three members of management at the date of this Annual Report and we believe we cannot employ replacements for any of
them who would have their level of dedication to, vision for and financial interest in us. Furthermore, it is probable any qualified
replacements would require full-time employment with salary and benefits which can be expected to exceed our financial resources
in the foreseeable future. 10 Voting control by management and two
other persons means it is unlikely you and other stockholders will be able to elect our directors and you will have little influence
over our management. Currently, management owns approximately 31%
of the Company’s common stock, and two individuals own approximately 11% and 9% of the Company’s common stock. Each
issued and outstanding share of common stock is entitled to one vote on each nominee for a directorship and on other matters presented
to stockholders for approval. Our Articles of Incorporation do not authorize cumulative voting for the election of directors. Any
person or group who controls or can obtain more than fifty percent of the votes cast for the election of each director, as does
management and the two other stockholders in the aggregate, will control the election of all directors and other stockholders will
not be able to elect any directors or exert any influence over management decisions. Removal of a director for any reason requires
a majority vote of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. We have assessed the effectiveness of
our disclosure controls and procedures and our internal control over financial reporting and management concluded they are not
effective. If there is a material weakness in either, there are no assurances that our financial statements will not contain errors
which could require us to restate our financial statements. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX) requires
public companies to establish disclosure controls and procedures and controls over financial reporting and to periodically assess
the effectiveness of the controls and procedures. Following the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this Annual
Report is part, we will be required to maintain “disclosure controls and procedures” as such term is defined in Rule
13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and thereafter to report on a quarterly basis, in our quarterly and annual
reports which we will file the SEC, our management’s conclusion regarding the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures.. As of December 31, 2014, we conducted an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule
15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based upon this evaluation our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that,
at December 31, 2014, our disclosure controls and procedures are not effective. We assessed the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting as of evaluation date and identified the following material weaknesses: Insufficient Resources: We have an inadequate
number of personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting. Inadequate Segregation of Duties : We
have an inadequate number of personnel to properly implement control procedures. Lack of Audit Committee: We do not have
a functioning audit committee, resulting in lack of independent oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal
controls and procedures. We have discussed the material weaknesses noted
above with our independent registered public accounting firm. Due to the nature of these material weaknesses, there is a more than
remote likelihood that misstatements which could be material to the annual or interim financial statements could occur that would
not be prevented or detected. Risks Related to our Business A significant part of our business plan
depends on marketing of our products and services, which may not be accepted in the marketplace. Our industry is extremely competitive and we
have a very small market share. In order to achieve successful operations we will depend on effective marketing to gain a significantly
larger market share. At the date hereof, other than our officers and directors, we do not have any employees. We do not engage
independent sales representatives. We do not employ a marketing agency. Employing a greater number of marketing personnel or a
marketing agency would require greater financial resources than we currently possess. Furthermore, our ability to attract independent
sales representatives may be limited without greater name recognition, an advertising campaign and market penetration. Unless we
are able to address these limitations in our marketing capabilities, you may expect our revenues to be limited and we may have
difficulty staying in business. And under such circumstances, our stock would not gain in value. 11 We operate in and plan to expand into
extremely competitive environments, which will make it difficult for us to achieve market recognition and revenues. We operate in an extremely competitive environment
and the markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technologies, frequent new product introductions, short
product life cycles and evolving industry standards. Our success depends, in substantial part, on the timely and successful introduction
of our new products and services and thereafter upgrades of our products and services to comply with emerging industry standards
and to address competing technological and product developments by our competitors. The research and development of new, technologically
advanced products is a complex and uncertain process requiring high levels of innovation and investment, as well as the accurate
anticipation of technology, market trends and customer needs. We may focus our resources on technologies that do not become widely
accepted, are not timely released or are not commercially viable. In addition, our products may contain defects or errors that
are detected only after deployment. If our products are not competitive or do not work properly, our business could suffer and
our financial performance could be negatively impacted. You have no assurance that our new products and services, which we intend
to be a significant part or our business, will be accepted in the marketplace. If our products and services do not achieve market
acceptance, our revenues will be significantly below the level we anticipate. We face many risks relating to intellectual property rights. Our business could be harmed if: (1) we, our
customers and/or our suppliers are found to have infringed intellectual property rights of third parties, (2) the intellectual
property indemnities in our supplier agreements are inadequate to cover damages and losses we suffer due to infringement of third-party
intellectual property rights by our suppliers’ products, (3) we are required to indemnify our customers for significant amounts
under agreements providing for intellectual property indemnities that have been entered into with some of our customers, (4) our
intellectual property protection is inadequate to protect our proprietary rights, (5) the indemnity rights passed through by our
customers are insufficient, or (6) our competitors negotiate significantly more favorable terms for licensed intellectual property. Our business will rely on text messaging
services, and any fees for the sending or receiving of messages could adversely affect our revenue and business. Our business will be dependent upon text messaging
services. In most cases, the mobile communication networks charge a fee to the sender or receiver of a text message. The fees charged
by the mobile communication networks could have a material adverse effect on the market’s acceptance of our proposed mobile
directories and mobile marketing via text messaging. Because of the importance of messaging services to our business, if we are
unable to successfully deliver messages to our potential subscribers, or if subscribers opt-out of receiving our messages, the
success of our proposed mobile directories and mobile marketing would be adversely affected. We derive a substantial part of our revenue
from one merchant service provider pursuant to an Assignment Agreement. If this Agreement is cancelled or terminated for any reason,
our revenues, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. We received approximately 97% and 99% of our
revenue for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2014, respectively, pursuant to an Assignment Agreement. Per the terms of the
Assignment Agreement, as amended on October 1, 2012, a merchant service provider assigned thirty percent (30%) of their rights
to receive residual payments from certain Assigned Customer(s), in exchange for five hundred thousand (500,000) shares of the Company’s
common stock. The term of the Assignment Agreement commenced on September 1, 2012 and shall continue for a period of one (1) year
after which it shall renew for successive one year terms automatically, unless terminated in accordance with the terms thereof.
Either party has the right to terminate this Agreement at the end of the then current Term, upon thirty (30) days prior written
notice to the other party. The merchant service provider may terminate the Agreement at any time on thirty (30) days written notice
to 800 Commerce provided however, that if such termination is without default or other material cause by 800 Commerce, then the
Company shall continue to receive the referral fees contemplated therein despite such termination, subject to the other provisions
thereof that survive termination. If we lose this merchant service provider or they reduce the amount of business they do with
us, our revenues and profitability would be adversely affected. In addition, we are subject to credit risk due to concentration
of our trade accounts receivables, and the inability of the Assignor of the Assignment Agreement to meet its obligations to us
would adversely affect our financial results. At December 31, 2014, accounts receivable from the Assignor amounted to 98% of accounts
receivable. Although we are making efforts to reduce our dependency on the Assignment Agreement, we believe this concentration
of sales to one customer will continue in the near future. 12 Existing federal, state and foreign laws
regulating email and text messaging marketing practices impose certain obligations on the senders of commercial emails and text
messages, which could increase our operating expenses to the extent financial penalties, are triggered. The Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited
Pornography and Marketing Act of 2003, or CAN-SPAM Act, establishes certain requirements for commercial email messages and specifies
penalties for the transmission of commercial email messages that are intended to deceive the recipient as to source or content.
The CAN-SPAM Act, among other things, obligates the sender of commercial emails, and someone who initiates commercial emails, to
provide recipients with the ability to opt out of receiving future emails from the sender. In addition, some states have passed
laws regulating commercial email practices that are significantly more punitive and difficult to comply with than the CAN-SPAM
Act, particularly Utah and Michigan, which have enacted do-not-email registries listing minors who do not wish to receive unsolicited
commercial email that markets certain covered content, such as adult content or content regarding harmful products. Some portions
of these state laws may not be preempted by the CAN-SPAM Act. We, our endorsers and our advertisers may all be subject to various
provisions of the CAN-SPAM Act. If we are found to be subject to the CAN-SPAM Act, we may be required to change one or more aspects
of the way we operate our business, including eliminating the option for endorsers to send emails containing our advertisers’
messages or by not allowing endorsers to receive compensation directly or indirectly as a result of distributing emails containing
our advertisers’ messages. If we were found to be in violation of the
CAN-SPAM Act, other federal laws, applicable state laws not preempted by the CAN-SPAM Act, or foreign laws regulating the distribution
of commercial email, whether as a result of violations by our endorsers or any determination that we are directly subject to and
in violation of these requirements, we could be required to pay penalties, which would adversely affect our financial performance
and significantly harm our reputation and our business. Risks Relating to Investment in our Shares You may find it difficult to sell our
shares because there is no public market for our common stock and you have no assurance a public market will develop. There is no public market for our common stock
and there are no assurances a public market will ever be established. While the Company has taken steps to secure a quotation of
our common stock on the OTC Quotation Board of OTC Markets (“OTCQB”) following the completion of the spin-off, this
is a lengthy process and there are no assurances we will be successful. Even if our common stock is ultimately quoted on the OTCQB,
there are no assurances a liquid market for our stock will ever develop. No broker-dealer has committed to create
or maintain a market in our common stock. We have no agreement with any broker or dealer
to act as a market maker for our common stock following the spin-off and there are no assurances we will be successful in obtaining
any market makers. As a result, no broker or dealer will have any incentive to make a market for our common stock. The lack of
one or more market makers for our securities could adversely influence the market price for our common stock, as well as your ability
to dispose of your shares of our common stock received in the spin-off, or to obtain accurate information about and/or quotations
on our common stock. "Penny stock” rules may make buying and selling
our common stock difficult. We expect trading in our common stock will
be subject to the "penny stock" rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, prior to a transaction in a penny stock to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document that provides information
about penny stocks and the risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer with
current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson in the transaction,
and monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer’s account. In
addition, the penny stock rules generally require that prior to a transaction in a penny stock the broker-dealer make a special
written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser’s written
agreement to the transaction. These disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the level of trading activity
in the secondary market for our common stock and limiting the number of broker-dealers who will accept our common stock in their
customers’ accounts. As a result, you may find it more difficult to sell our common stock into the public market. Should one or more of the foregoing risks
or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may differ significantly from
those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended or planned. 13 ITEM 1B