 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 5 Item 2. Properties 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 5 PART II 6 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 6 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 7 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 7 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 11 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 11 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 11 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 11 Item 9B. Other Information 12 PART III 13 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 13 Item 11. Executive Compensation 15 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 16 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 16 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 17 PART IV 19 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 19 SIGNATURES 21 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 22 Table of Contents CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the "Exchange Act"). These forward-looking statements are generally located in the material set forth under the headings "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," "Business" and "Properties" but may be found in other locations as well.These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should not unduly rely on these statements. We identify forward-looking statements by use of terms such as "may," "will," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "hope," "plan," "believe," "predict," "envision," "intend," "will," "continue," "potential," "should," "confident," "could" and similar words and expressions, although some forward-looking statements may be expressed differently. You should be aware that our actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on information available at the time the statements are made and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from the information expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this report. These factors include, among others: · our ability to raise capital; · our ability to execute on our growth strategies; · our ability to find manufacturing partners on favorable terms; · declines in general economic conditions in the markets where we may compete; · our anticipated needs for working capital; and · significant competition in the markets where we may operate. Where we express an expectation or belief as to future events or results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report or the date of any document incorporated by reference in this report. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 1 Table of Contents PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS AF Ocean Investment Management Company, was incorporated under the laws of the State of Florida on April 2, 2003. We have one wholly-owned subsidiary, AF Ocean Investment Management Company (Shanghai) Ltd. (the "Subsidiary"), which we acquired as of July 6, 2012. AF Ocean Investment Management Company and the Subsidiary are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Company", "we" or "our." Our Business (1) Principal Products or Services and Their Markets We promote business relations and exchanges between Chinese and U.S. companies, facilitating international mergers and acquisitions, and increasing co-operation between Chinese companies and Wall Street financial institutions. Our mission is to help Wall Street investors identify and work with respectable and reputable Chinese counterparts and companies and assist Chinese corporations to understand that the only way to benefit from the world's biggest capital market is through strict and consistent adherence to the rules and regulations that govern companies listed on American stock exchanges. Management expanded the target market of the People's Republic of China to accepting business from companies located anywhere is the world. This was done to have the availability of more and potentially longer term consulting agreements with companies needing a consulting firm with international contacts and experience. We will also make use of our website, www.afocean.com , for marketing our services to and for communicating with potential and current clients. On July 24, 2014, we acquired, through the Subsidiary, intellectual property from Pilot New Energy Research Institute of Beijing in the People's Republic of China (the "Institute") in the form of non-patented technology relating to a new energy electric vehicle based on electromagnetic induction (the "Technology"). In exchange for the transfer of the Technology to the Subsidiary, we issued 5,000,000 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Preferred Shares") to the Institute's sole legal representative, Mr. Andy Fan, our principal shareholder and sole director. The Preferred Shares have an aggregate preferred liquidation value of $75 million and have the voting rights equivalent to 500,000,000 shares of common stock. The Preferred Shares have no par value and are convertible into 75,000,000 shares of our common stock. The board of directors of the Company (the "Board") believes that the Technology will be our main business enterprise going forward. After acquiring the Technology, we issued 167,012,323 shares of common stock valued at $1,670,123 to 3,160 Chinese citizens. These people will enable us to effectively market the Technology to many organizations in China that we otherwise would not have been able to reach with other marketing programs relating to the Technology. (2) Distribution Methods of Our Products or Services Our services will be provided on the location of the client primarily. Where research and the development of financial information is necessary we may perform these functions at our offices so that we may involve our full staff to provide the most complete service possible. Clients will be able to direct where we perform our services to the extent that they are willing to pay the necessary travel and related expenses. We anticipate that as a new business consulting firm most of our work will be performed at our client's location initially until we have built a reputation of providing quality services to a variety of international clients. (3) Status of Any Publicly Announced New Product or Service. We have not developed any new or unique products or services that would make us stand above our competition. We do believe however that our ability to penetrate the Chinese market due to our extensive contacts in China may be an advantage for our company. 2 Table of Contents (4) Competitive Business Conditions Our competitors are all larger than we are and far more established so that barrier to entry into the international business consulting market will be a formidable one. Since 2008 we have seen major changes in our industry such as the demise of one of the largest international consulting firms. There still remain several large firms that not only serve clients internationally but also have a presence in the People's Republic of China. The companies that are able to maintain offices in China will have a geographical advantage over us. The extent of this advantage is difficult to measure as a presence in China does not necessarily translate into more business due to how Chinese companies do business. We do believe that our large competitors have other advantages. They have more capital and resources to advertise and to market their businesses. They have larger staffs and most likely are able to complete many tasks in a shorter period of time. Due to their larger capital base they are able to attract staff that may be better educated and trained. (5) Sources and Availability of Raw Materials and Names of Principal Suppliers Because our main business is providing business consulting services, we do not use any raw materials nor have any suppliers at this time. (6) Dependence on One or a Few Major Customers We do not have any limitation on customers at this time. Presently we are soliciting business outside of our immediate area. We have concentrated our efforts over the last year and a half in trying to gain entry into business in Southeast Asia. Since we have modified our business plan to include working with companies anywhere in the world, we have redesigned our website to become more internationally known by companies seeking our type of consulting services. (7) Patents, Trademarks, Licenses, Franchises, Concessions, Royalty Agreements or Labor Contracts At the present time we own the domain name, www.afocean.com . We have not registered the name "AF Ocean Investment Management Company" or the mark used by our business as a trade name or trademark, respectively, in Florida or any state or the United States Patent and Trademark Office. In addition to the Technology, which has not been patented in China or any other country, we may rely on certain proprietary technologies, trade secrets, and know-how that are not patentable. Although we may take action to protect our unpatented trade secrets and our proprietary information, in part, by the use of confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and certain of our contractors, we cannot guaranty that: · These agreements will not be breached; · We would have adequate remedies for any breach; or · Our proprietary trade secrets and know-how will not otherwise become known or be independently developed or discovered by competitors. We cannot guaranty that our actions will be sufficient to prevent imitation or duplication of our products and services by others or prevent others from claiming violations of their trade secrets and proprietary rights. (8) Need for Government Approval of Principal Products or Services None of the services we offer require specific government approval. Local government rules may dictate the need for a business license. (9) Effect of Existing or Probable Governmental Regulations on the Business Exchange Act Reporting Requirements We are subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 of the Exchange Act, and the disclosure requirements of Regulation S-K. However, as a "smaller reporting company," we are permitted to omit certain disclosures or provide less disclosure regarding certain information required to be disclosed under Regulation S-K as compared to companies that are not a "smaller reporting company." We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to timely disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control; acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business; and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 3 Table of Contents Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act requires all companies with securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act to comply with the rules and regulations of the SEC regarding proxy solicitations, as outlined in Regulation 14A. Matters submitted to shareholders of the Company at a special or annual meeting thereof or pursuant to a written consent will require the Company to provide the Company's shareholders with the information outlined in Schedules 14A or 14C of Regulation 14; preliminary copies of this information must be submitted to the SEC at least ten days prior to the date that definitive copies of this information are forwarded to the Company's shareholders. The costs of preparing and filing annual and quarterly reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC and furnishing audited reports to shareholders will cause our expenses to be significantly higher than they would be if we were a privately-held company. Sarbanes-Oxley Act We are also subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act created a strong and independent accounting oversight board to oversee the conduct of auditors of public companies and strengthen auditor independence. It also requires steps to enhance the direct responsibility of senior members of management for financial reporting and for the quality of financial disclosures made by public companies; establishes clear statutory rules to limit, and to expose to public view, possible conflicts of interest affecting securities analysts; creates guidelines for audit committee members' appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of public companies' auditors; management assessment of our internal controls; auditor attestation to management's conclusions about internal controls (this is not applicable to "non-accelerated filers" and "smaller reporting companies"); prohibits certain insider trading during pension fund blackout periods; requires companies and auditors to evaluate internal controls and procedures; and establishes a federal crime of securities fraud, among other provisions. Compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act will substantially increase our legal and accounting costs. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act We are required to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. companies from engaging in bribery or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Foreign companies, including some of our competitors, are not subject to these prohibitions. Corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft and other fraudulent practices occur from time-to-time in mainland China. If our competitors engage in these practices, they may receive preferential treatment from personnel of some companies, giving our competitors an advantage in securing business or from government officials who might give them priority in obtaining new licenses, which would put us at a disadvantage. If our employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties. State and Local Regulations There's no state or local regulations that require us to obtain a special business license for our business, however the City of Sarasota requires us to maintain a yearly business license and the State of Florida requires us to file an Annual Report. We are not required as a company to maintain Worker's Compensation Insurance and pay into the Florida Unemployment Compensation Fund since we have no employees. When we retain new officers and begin to pay salaries we will then have to apply for Workers Compensation Insurance and pay into the Florida Unemployment Compensation Fund. (10) Amount Spent on Research and Development During Each of the Last Two Fiscal Years The cost of our research and development is limited and we do not feel the cost of developing additional services will have any significant impact on our profitability. In addition to researching new business services to offer our potential clients, we are continually researching small changes to our business model. This would include pursuing clients internationally as well contracting our services to our larger competitors. 4 Table of Contents (11) Cost and Effects of Compliance with Environmental Laws We have not incurred costs or encountered adverse effects of a material nature in connection with compliance to all applicable federal, state and local environmental laws. (12) Number of Total Employees and Number of Full Time Employees As of December 31, 2013 there were six (6) full-time paid employees. Our President, Andy Z. Fan, the majority shareholder in AF Ocean, devotes a minimum of 40 hours per week to the Company. As the business increases, he will delegate more of his work to new employees yet to be hired. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are a "smaller reporting company" as defined by Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, and as such are not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to the requirements under Form 10-K. ITEM 1B