 An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below and all other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements and the related notes, before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Our business, operating results, financial condition or prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks and uncertainties. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you might lose all or part of your investment. In addition, the risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. Our business, operating results, financial performance or prospects could also be harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material. In assessing the risks and uncertainties described below, you should also refer to the other information contained in this Form 10-K before making a decision to invest in our common stock. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry If Dr. Kubota and SBI are successful in their efforts to replace our board of directors, our business, including our collaborations with Otsuka, may be significantly harmed. On January 28, 2015, we received a letter from SBI Holdings, Inc., or SBI, the parent company of several of our shareholders, demanding that we hold a special meeting of our shareholders for the purposes of removing our current board members, other than Dr. Kubota, and electing a slate of directors proposed by SBI. In connection with this demand, SBI granted Dr. Kubota an irrevocable proxy over the shares held collectively by SBI, giving Dr. Kubota voting authority over shares representing over 50% of our outstanding stock. On March 3, 2015, SBI and Dr. Kubota filed a lawsuit in Washington state court seeking an order compelling us to hold a special shareholder meeting on or before April 28, 2015, and to provide our shareholders written notice of that meeting as soon as practicable but no later than March 31, 2015. On March 13, 2015, the Washington state superior court presiding over this lawsuit, issued an order requiring us to hold a special shareholders meeting no later than May 1, 2015 and to give notice of such a meeting as soon as practicable. In response to the hearing, we have announced that we plan to hold the special shareholders meeting on May 1, 2015 (Pacific Daylight Time) at our headquarters and have set a record date for shareholders of record as March 19, 2015 (Pacific Daylight Time). If Dr. Kubota votes all shares over which he has voting authority in favor of the business to be brought before the special meeting, then our current members of our board of directors (other than Dr. Kubota) will be replaced by nominees proposed by SBI. Changes on our board of directors and changes in our senior management (if enacted by a new board of directors) may be disruptive to our business and, before and during the transition period, there may be uncertainty among investors, employees and our collaboration partner concerning our future direction and performance. Any such disruption or uncertainty could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition and the market price of our common stock. For instance, if Dr. Kubota and SBI are able to replace our board of directors, we may have difficulty retaining and motivating our key management and scientific staff, most of whom have indicated support for our current board of directors. In addition, Otsuka has recently indicated that if SBI gains control of the Company, then Otsuka will view that as a significant challenge to our collaborations with Otsuka. Consequently, we cannot assure you that Otsuka will not elect to exercise its rights to terminate the existing collaboration agreements if the current board of directors is replaced. We do not have any products that are approved for commercial sale. To date, we have not generated any product revenue and have funded our operations through proceeds from our February 2014 IPO, private sales of our equity and debt securities and from our various collaboration agreements with Otsuka, primarily the co-development and collaboration agreement relating to the development and commercialization of emixustat which we refer to as the Emixustat Agreement. We will not receive revenues from sales of emixustat or any other product candidates unless we succeed, either independently or with third parties, in developing and obtaining regulatory approval and marketing drugs with commercial potential. We may never succeed in these activities, and may not generate sufficient revenues to continue our business operations. Revenues from research and development activities in collaboration with Otsuka and Otsuka’s funding of our portion of development costs under the Emixustat Agreement represented all of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2014, and the loss of these revenues would adversely affect our business. Revenues from research and development activities under our collaboration agreements with Otsuka have been our only source of revenues in 2014, 2013, and 2012, and we expect they will continue to have a significant impact on our results 15 Table of Contents of operations in future years. As explained further below, in 2013, Otsuka terminated a co-development agreement with us under which we derived significant revenues from clinical programs. It would be difficult to replace Otsuka as a collaboration partner, and the revenues derived from research and development activities on behalf of Otsuka and Otsuka’s funding of our portion of development costs under the Emixustat Agreement. Accordingly, the loss of Otsuka as a collaboration partner would have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any publicity associated with the loss of Otsuka as a collaboration partner could harm our reputation. Otsuka can terminate its collaboration agreements with us on relatively short notice in various circumstances, such as our material breach or insolvency, changes in control of us or, in the case of the Emixustat Agreement, a decision by Otsuka to discontinue funding development costs after considering the results of a Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical trial, and also for any reason upon six months’ prior notice. Otsuka currently has the right to terminate the collaboration agreements because Dr. Kubota is no longer serving as our chief executive officer and, while we intend to enter into an amendment to the collaboration agreements to remove this termination right, we cannot assure you that Otsuka will not elect to exercise this right. For more information regarding the termination rights under each of our collaboration agreements with Otsuka, see “Business—EMIXUSTAT—Collaboration with Otsuka”. In addition, Otsuka’s interests may differ from ours in relation to development of the product candidates under our collaboration agreements with them due to changes in management, priorities or its strategic focus. For example, in September 2013, Otsuka terminated its agreement with us to co-develop rebamipide for the treatment of dry eye syndrome in the United States due to the fact that the primary endpoints were not met in the Phase 3 clinical trial in the United States. As a result, the associated clinical trials were suspended and our development activities halted. Losing the support and focus of Otsuka would adversely affect the development and commercialization of the product candidates under our collaboration agreements. Our revenues and operating results would suffer and we may need to curtail or cease operations if, among other things, Otsuka terminates the Emixustat Agreement or otherwise fails to fund development costs for any reason. We incurred losses in the last fiscal year, and will continue to incur losses in the future. We incurred a net loss of $2.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2014, and as of December 31, 2014, we had an accumulated deficit of $5.5 million. We expect to incur net losses for the next several years as we continue to develop emixustat and any other product development candidates, and over the long-term if we expand our research and development programs and acquire or in-license products, technologies or businesses that are complementary to our own. As a result of these losses, we may exhaust our financial resources and be unable to complete the development of our product development candidates. Since 2008, revenues from research and development activities under our collaboration agreements with Otsuka have been our only source of revenues. In the second half of 2011, Otsuka began funding our portion of the development costs under the Emixustat Agreement and we record these advances as revenues in our financial statements. We are contingently obligated to repay these advances, plus interest, with a portion of any revenues we generate, if any, from the commercialization of products under the Emixustat Agreement in future periods. For a detailed discussion of our financial condition and results of operations, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations". If revenue does not increase, our operating results will be negatively affected. If we fail to raise capital as needed, we may need to curtail operations or cease operations in the future. There can be no assurances that there will be adequate financing available to us in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. Our long-term prospects are dependent on emixustat and we cannot be certain that it will achieve success in clinical trials, regulatory approval or be successfully commercialized. We have invested a significant portion of our time and financial resources in the development of emixustat, the lead product candidate emerging from our internally-developed VCM compounds. VCM is an emerging technology and its long-term effect is unknown, and thus, there can be no assurance that our product candidate will achieve regulatory approval. Clinical development is a long, expensive and uncertain process and subject to delays or additional requirements. For instance, based on guidance from the FDA in April 2014, we now expect to conduct at least one additional confirmatory Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with GA associated with dry AMD after we complete our current 24-month emixustat study. We may also encounter delays or rejections based on our inability to enroll enough patients to complete our clinical trials in a timely manner. It may take several years and require the expenditure of substantial resources to complete the testing of a product candidate, and failure can occur at any stage of testing. For example: • interim results of clinical or non-clinical studies may not necessarily predict their final results, and acceptable results in early studies might not be seen in later studies, in large part because earlier phases of studies are often conducted in smaller groups of patients than later studies, and without the same trial design features, such as randomized controls and long-term patient follow-up and analysis; • product candidates that appear promising at early stages of development may ultimately fail for a number of reasons, including the possibility that the product candidates may be ineffective, less effective than products or product candidates of our competitors or cause harmful side effects; 16 Table of Contents • any clinical or non-clinical test may fail to produce results satisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities; • clinical and non-clinical data can be interpreted in different ways, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval; • negative or inconclusive results from a non-clinical study or clinical trial or adverse medical events during a clinical trial could cause a non-clinical study or clinical trial to be repeated or a program to be terminated, even if other studies or trials relating to the program are successful; • the FDA can place a clinical hold on a trial if, among other reasons, it finds that patients enrolled in the trial are or would be exposed to an unreasonable and significant risk of illness or injury; • we may encounter delays or rejections based on changes in regulatory agency policies during the period in which we develop a drug or the period required for review of any application for regulatory agency approval; and • our clinical trials may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy of any product candidates or result in marketable products. Even if clinical trials and testing are successful in the future, we believe the process of completing clinical trials and submitting NDAs to the FDA for approval will take several years and require the expenditure of substantial resources. If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other studies of emixustat beyond those that we currently contemplate, if we are unable to successfully complete our clinical trials or other studies or if the results of these trials or studies are not positive or are only modestly positive, we may be delayed or unsuccessful in obtaining marketing approval for emixustat. Additionally, we may not be able to obtain marketing approval or we may obtain approval for indications that are not as broad as intended. Our product development costs will also increase if we experience delays in testing or approvals. Significant clinical trial delays could allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do and impair our ability to commercialize products. Even if clinical trials are successful in the future, our growth prospects could be adversely affected and we may need to curtail or cease operations if we do not pursue the optimal commercialization strategy for us under our collaboration agreement. As a part of our collaboration strategy, we seek to retain an option to choose either to obtain commercialization rights once emixustat or any other product candidates reach a later stage of development or to receive royalties from future product sales. Under our collaboration agreements with Otsuka, we have exclusive co-promotion rights in certain regions of the world. If we choose to not exercise these rights, we would be entitled to receive royalties on net sales of emixustat and we would not be entitled to any royalties or other payments based on the commercialization of OPA-6566. In general, we must make the decision to exercise these rights before the completion of clinical trials, based on our prediction of future sales and costs and other information. It is possible that the commercialization strategy we choose to pursue will ultimately be less beneficial to us than the other commercialization strategies available to us, which could harm our prospects for growth and could cause us to curtail or cease operations. We may choose a commercialization strategy that results in a less optimal outcome for a variety of reasons, including our failure to accurately predict future sales and costs or our inability to pay the exercise fees and milestone payments. Our decision to license emixustat to Otsuka means that we no longer have complete control over how emixustat is developed and commercialized and how it may be perceived in the marketplace, and we may lose an even greater degree of control over how it is commercialized if we fail to make our co-promotion election under the terms of the Emixustat Agreement. In addition, unless and until we exercise co-promotion rights with respect to OPA-6566, we will have limited or no control over how the product candidate is developed and commercialized. Even if we exercise commercialization rights for these product candidates, we will depend, in part, on the efforts of Otsuka to commercialize any successfully-developed product candidates and will not have control over a number of key elements relating to the commercialization of those product candidates. Otsuka may fail to effectively commercialize emixustat or any other product candidates under our collaboration agreements with them for a variety of reasons, including because it may not regard our programs as significant for its own businesses, because it does have sufficient resources or decides not to devote necessary resources. The pharmaceutical market is intensely competitive. Even if we are successful in obtaining approval of emixustat or any other product candidates, we may be unable to compete effectively with existing drugs, new treatment methods and new technologies. The pharmaceutical market is intensely competitive and rapidly changing. Many large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations are pursuing the development of novel therapies for the same indications that we are targeting or expect to target. 17 Table of Contents If emixustat is approved for GA associated with dry AMD, we anticipate that it would potentially compete with lampalizumab (Genentech/Novartis), which is presently undergoing two global Phase 3 studies. We are also aware of a number of new drugs and other therapeutic candidates under development for the treatment of AMD (including dry AMD), glaucoma, and dry eye, including several for each of these disease categories by some of the larger pharmaceutical companies. For a listing of competing therapies or products and therapies under development, see "Business—Competition." Many of our competitors have: • much greater financial, technical and human resources than we have at every stage of discovery, development, manufacture and commercialization of products; • more extensive experience in non-clinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, manufacturing and marketing pharmaceutical products; • product candidates that are based on previously tested or accepted technologies; • products that have been approved or are in late stages of development; and • collaboration arrangements in our target markets with leading companies and research institutions. Our competitors may succeed in obtaining patent protection, receiving FDA approval or commercializing drugs for the same indications before we do. Any competing drugs may be more effective or marketed and sold more effectively than any products we develop. Moreover, physicians frequently prescribe therapies for uses that are not described in the product’s labeling and that differ from those tested in clinical studies and approved by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities in other countries. These unapproved, or “off-label,” uses are common across medical specialties and may represent a potential source of competition to emixustat or any other product candidates. Competitive therapies, including surgical procedures and medical devices, may make any drug products we develop obsolete or noncompetitive before we can recover the expenses of developing and commercializing them. Market acceptance of emixustat and other products we develop in the future may be limited. The commercial success of the products for which we may obtain marketing approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities will depend upon the acceptance of these products by the medical community and third-party payors as clinically useful, cost-effective and safe. Even if a potential product displays a favorable efficacy and safety profile in clinical trials, market acceptance of the product will not be known until after it is commercially launched. We expect that many of the products we develop will be based upon mechanisms new to the market. For example, emixustat is a small-molecule compound within the phenylalkylamine chemical family. To date, no such small-molecule compound has been approved as a pharmaceutical by the FDA. As a result, it may be more difficult for us to achieve market acceptance of our products, particularly the first products that we introduce to the market. Our efforts to educate the medical community about these potentially novel approaches may require greater resources than would be typically required for products based on previously tested or accepted technologies. Our operating results may fluctuate in the future, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our quarterly and annual results of operations may fluctuate in the future due to a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. The revenues we generate, if any, and our operating results will be affected by numerous factors, including, but not limited to: • the development status of emixustat and, particularly, the timing of any milestone payments to be paid or received by us under our collaboration agreements; • the incurrence of clinical expenses that could fluctuate significantly from period to period; • the unpredictable effects of collaborations during these periods; • the timing of our satisfaction of applicable regulatory requirements; • the rate of expansion of our clinical development and other internal development efforts; • the effect of competing technologies and products and market developments; and • general and industry-specific economic conditions. If our operating results fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of our common stock could decline substantially. Furthermore, any fluctuations in our operating results and cash flows may, in turn, cause the price of our stock to fluctuate substantially. We believe that comparisons of our historical financial results are not necessarily meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. 18 Table of Contents We have limited in-house sales and marketing capabilities and will need to invest significantly to develop these capabilities if our product candidates are successfully developed. In order to exploit any commercialization opportunities under our agreements with Otsuka, we believe we will need to develop our own sales and marketing infrastructure to facilitate sales of our product candidates. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do this on a timely basis or at all. The failure to do so would harm our ability to generate product revenues. To the extent we cannot or choose not to use internal resources for the marketing, sales or distribution of any product candidates in the United States. or elsewhere, we intend to rely on collaboration partners, such as Otsuka, or licensees. We may be unable to establish or maintain such relationships. To the extent that we depend on collaboration partners or other third parties for marketing, sales and distribution, any revenues we receive will depend upon their efforts. Such efforts may not be successful, and we will not be able to control the amount and timing of resources that our licensees or collaborators or other third parties devote to our products. In addition, to the extent we utilize such relationships for marketing, sales or distribution of any approved products outside of the United States, we will be subject to additional risks related to entering into international business relationships, such as reduced protection for intellectual property rights; unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; and foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country. We may not be successful in our efforts to expand our portfolio of product candidates. We are seeking to expand our portfolio of product candidates beyond emixustat through internal development and by partnering with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies. A significant portion of our internal research program involves unproven technologies. Research programs to identify new disease targets and product candidates require substantial technical, financial and human resources whether or not we ultimately identify any candidates. Our research programs may initially show promise in identifying potential product candidates, yet fail to yield product candidates for clinical development for a number of reasons, including without limitation: • the research methodology used may not be successful in identifying potential product candidates; • potential product candidates may, on further study, be shown to have harmful side effects or other characteristics that indicate they are unlikely to be effective drugs; or • we may fail to obtain intellectual property protection for our product candidates and technologies. We may attempt to license or acquire product candidates and be unable to do so for a number of reasons. In particular, the licensing and acquisition of pharmaceutical products is a competitive area. A number of more established companies are also pursuing strategies to license or acquire products in the ophthalmic field. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, financial resources and greater clinical development and commercialization capabilities. Other factors that may prevent us from licensing or otherwise acquiring suitable product candidates include the following: • we may be unable to license or acquire the relevant intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return from the product; • companies that perceive us to be their competitors may be unwilling to assign or license their product rights to us; or • we may be unable to identify suitable products or product candidates within our areas of expertise. Relying on third-party manufacturers may result in delays in our clinical trials and product introductions. We have limited experience in, and we do not own facilities for, manufacturing any product candidates, and we do not intend to develop facilities for the manufacture of product candidates for clinical trials or commercial purposes in the foreseeable future. We will depend on Otsuka for the manufacture and supply of product candidates subject to our collaboration agreements. Otsuka is contracting with third-party manufacturers to produce, in collaboration with Otsuka and us, our product candidates for clinical trials. While there are likely competitive sources available to manufacture our product candidates, entering into new arrangements may cause delays and additional expenditures, which we cannot estimate with certainty. There are risks inherent in pharmaceutical manufacturing that could affect the ability of our third-party manufacturers to meet our requirements, which could result in unusable products and cause delays in our development process and our clinical trials. We need to contract with manufacturers who can comply with FDA-mandated current good manufacturing practices, or cGMPs, and comparable requirements of foreign regulatory bodies on an on-going basis. If we 19 Table of Contents receive necessary regulatory approval for any product candidate, we also expect to rely on third parties, including our collaboration partners, to produce materials required for commercial production. Should we experience difficulties in obtaining and maintaining adequate manufacturing capacity, our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our products could be adversely impacted. A failure of any of our third-party manufacturers to perform their obligations in a timely manner or establish and follow cGMPs with proper documentation may result in significant delays in clinical trials or in obtaining regulatory approval of product candidates or the ultimate launch of our products into the market. These failures could cause delays and other problems resulting in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we are required to change manufacturers for any reason, we may incur significant costs and be required to devote significant time to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. We are dependent on our management team, particularly Brian O'Callaghan, our chief executive officer and president, and if we are unable to retain and motivate our key management and scientific staff, our drug development programs may be delayed and we may be unable to successfully develop or commercialize our product candidates. We are dependent upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key personnel, particularly Brian O'Callaghan, our chief executive officer and president. The relationships that our collaboration team members have cultivated with Otsuka make us particularly dependent upon certain employees, including Mr. O'Callaghan and many of our collaboration team leaders, remaining employed by us. In addition, Otsuka has the right to terminate our collaboration agreements with them if Dr. Kubota is no longer serving as our chief executive officer. We have consulted with Otsuka regarding our transition of the chief executive officer role from Dr. Kubota to Brian O’Callaghan and are currently discussing with Otsuka to amend the Emixustat Agreement to remove the clauses permitting Otsuka to terminate the agreement if Dr. Kubota is no longer serving as our chief executive officer. Otsuka has given us verbal assurances that they do not intend to exercise their right to terminate the Emixustat Agreement based on Dr. Kubota’s changed role. As we acquire or obtain rights to develop and commercialize new product candidates, our success will depend on our ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified management and scientific personnel to manage the development of these new product candidates. We face competition for experienced scientists and other technical and professional personnel from numerous companies and academic and other research institutions. Competition for qualified personnel is particularly intense in the Seattle, Washington area, where very few people possess the skills and expertise we need to develop and commercialize our product candidates. Our operating history and the uncertainties attendant to being a clinical-stage biotechnology company with limited capital resources could limit our ability to attract and retain personnel. Mr. O'Callaghan and each of our key management and scientific personnel may terminate his or her employment at any time. If we lose any of our key management personnel, we may be unable to find replacements suitable to us or Otsuka, and our business would be harmed as a result. For instance, if Dr. Kubota and SBI are able to replace our board of directors, we may have difficulty retaining and motivating our key management and scientific staff, most of whom have indicated support for our current board of directors. In addition, if we cannot continue to attract and retain, on acceptable terms, the qualified personnel necessary for the continued development of our business, we may be unable to sustain our operations or grow. If any products we develop become subject to third-party reimbursement practices, unfavorable pricing regulations or healthcare reform initiatives, our business could be harmed. The availability and levels of reimbursement by governmental and other third-party payors of healthcare services affect the market for our potential products. These payors continually attempt to contain or reduce the costs of healthcare by challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. In the United States, we will need to obtain approvals for payment for our potential products from private insurers, including managed care organizations, and from the Medicare program. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any future product candidates and reimbursement amounts, if any, may reduce the demand for, or the price of, our future products. Obtaining approvals from governmental and other third-party payors of healthcare services can be a time-consuming and expensive process. Because our product candidates are under development, we are unable at this time to determine the level or method of reimbursement. Our business would be materially adversely affected if we do not receive approval for reimbursement of our product candidates from Medicare or private insurers on a timely or satisfactory basis. The Medicare program can deny coverage of a particular drug on the basis of the drug not being “reasonable and necessary” for Medicare beneficiaries. Limitations on coverage could also be imposed at the local Medicare carrier level or by fiscal intermediaries. Our business could be materially adversely affected if the Medicare program, local Medicare carriers or fiscal intermediaries were to make such a determination and deny or limit the reimbursement of our potential products, including the procedures under which they are administered, if any. Our business could also be adversely affected if private insurers, 20 Table of Contents including managed care organizations, the Medicare program or other reimbursing bodies or payors limit the indications for which our potential products will be reimbursed. There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals in the United States and in some foreign jurisdictions directed at broadening the availability of health care and containing or lowering the cost of health care. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future. These legislative and/or regulatory changes may negatively impact the reimbursement for drug products, following approval, and thus affect our ability to sell our products profitably. The continuing efforts of government and other third-party payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of health care may adversely affect: • the demand for any drug products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; • our ability to set a price or achieve a rate of reimbursement that we believe is fair for our product candidates; • our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; • the level of taxes that we are required to pay; and • our access to capital. We need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. As our commercialization plans and strategies develop, we will need to expand the size of our employee base for managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial, human resources and other functional areas. Competition for these employees is intense and we may be unable to hire additional qualified personnel in a timely manner and on reasonable terms. While we attempt to provide competitive compensation packages to attract and retain key personnel, many of our competitors are likely to have greater resources and more experience than we have, and we have had difficulty competing successfully for key personnel. Our ability to do so may be impeded by business disruptions and uncertainty caused by the unsolicited special meeting demand and director replacement proposals made by SBI. Any future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to recruit, hire, retain, motivate and integrate additional employees. Also, our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. We face the risk of product liability claims and may not be able to obtain insurance, and we may have exposure to significant contingent liabilities. Our business exposes us to the risk of product liability claims that are inherent in the development, manufacturing, testing and marketing of drugs and related products. If the use of one or more of our products harms people, we may be subject to costly and damaging product liability claims. We have product liability insurance that covers our clinical trials up to a $10 million annual aggregate limit. We intend to expand our insurance coverage to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for any of the products that we may develop. Insurance coverage is increasingly expensive and may not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. We may be unable to obtain or maintain adequate protection against potential liabilities. If we are unable to obtain insurance at acceptable cost or otherwise protect against potential product liability claims, we will be exposed to significant liabilities, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial position. We may need additional financing, which may be difficult to obtain. Our failure to obtain necessary financing or doing so on unattractive terms could adversely affect our development programs and other operations. As of December 31, 2014, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of $187.8 million and working capital of $99.2 million. We believe that our cash, cash equivalents and investments, together with Otsuka’s funding of our share of development costs under the Emixustat Agreement and interest income, will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months. However, our future working capital and capital expenditure requirements will depend on many factors, including: • the success of our collaborations with Otsuka to develop and commercialize product candidates; • the scope and results of our clinical trials; • advancement of other product candidates into development; • potential acquisition or licensing of other products or technologies; • the timing of, and the costs involved in, obtaining regulatory approvals; • the cost of manufacturing activities; 21 Table of Contents • the cost of commercialization activities, including product marketing, sales and distribution; • the costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining and enforcing patent claims and other patent-related costs, including litigation costs and the results of such litigation; and • our ability to establish and maintain additional collaborative arrangements. Additional financing may not be available to us when we need it or it may not be available on favorable terms. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on a timely basis, we may be required to significantly curtail one or more of our development, licensing or acquisition programs. We could be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborators or others that may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies, product candidates or products which we would otherwise pursue on our own. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities or securities convertible into equity, our then-existing shareholders will experience dilution and the terms of any new equity securities or securities convertible into equity may have preferences over our common stock. We are an “emerging growth company,” and any decision on our part to comply only with certain reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act, and, for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may choose to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other public companies, including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although, if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of any June 30 before the end of that five-year period, we would cease to be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive if we choose to rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. Regulatory Risks We may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for any of the products resulting from our development efforts. Failure to obtain these approvals could materially harm our business. All of the products we are developing or may develop in the future will require additional research or development. None of our product candidates have received regulatory approval for marketing in the United States and failure to receive such approvals on one or more of our product candidates could materially harm our business. We will be required to obtain an effective Investigational New Drug Application, or IND, prior to initiating new human clinical trials in the United States, and must submit a New Drug Application, or NDA, to obtain marketing approval prior to commercializing our products in the United States This process is expensive, highly uncertain and lengthy, often taking a number of years until a product is approved for marketing in the United States, if at all. For instance, based on guidance from the FDA in April 2014, we now expect to conduct at least one additional confirmatory Phase 3 clinical trial in patients with GA associated with dry AMD after we complete our current 24-month emixustat study. Approval policies or regulations may change and the FDA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit, or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons, such as: • such authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our, Otsuka’s, or any of our future development partners’ clinical trials; • we, Otsuka, or any of our future development partners may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or other regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe and effective for any indication or its clinical and other benefits outweigh any safety risk; • such authorities may not accept clinical data from trials which are conducted at clinical facilities or in countries where the standard of care is potentially different from the United States; • the results of clinical trials may not demonstrate the safety or efficacy required by such authorities for approval; • such authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials or the use of results from antibody studies that served as precursors to our current drug candidates; • such authorities may find deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we, Otsuka, or any of our future development partners contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 22 Table of Contents • the approval policies or regulations of such authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our, Otsuka’s, or any of our future development partners’ clinical data insufficient for approval. With respect to foreign markets, approval procedures vary among countries and, in addition to the aforementioned risks, can involve additional product testing, administrative review periods and agreements with pricing authorities. In addition, events raising questions about the safety of certain marketed pharmaceuticals may result in increased cautiousness by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in reviewing new drugs based on safety, efficacy or other regulatory considerations and may result in significant delays in obtaining regulatory approvals. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approvals would prevent us, Otsuka, or any of our future development partners from commercializing our product candidates. We may need to successfully address a number of technological challenges in order to complete the development of our product candidates. Success in early clinical trials does not mean that later clinical trials will be successful because product candidates in later-stage clinical trials may fail to demonstrate sufficient safety or efficacy despite having progressed through initial clinical testing. Companies frequently suffer significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after earlier clinical trials have shown promising results. In addition, our product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining regulatory approval or prevent or limit commercial use, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the FDA and other regulatory authorities will approve any product that we develop. The “fast track” designation may not actually lead to a faster regulatory review or approval process. If a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug sponsor may apply for FDA “fast track” designation. The fast track classification does not apply to the product alone, but applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication or indications for which it is being studied. The FDA’s fast track program is designed to facilitate the clinical development and evaluation of the drug’s safety and efficacy for the fast track indication or indications. NDAs or marketing applications filed by sponsors of products in fast track development may qualify for expedited review under policies or procedures offered by the FDA, but the fast track designation does not assure such qualification. Although we have obtained a fast track designation from the FDA for emixustat for the treatment of dry macular degeneration (geographic atrophy), we may not experience a faster review or approval compared to conventional FDA process and we do not expect FDA approval to be granted for at least several years, if at all. Our fast track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Our fast track designation does not guarantee that we will qualify for or be able to take advantage of the expedited review procedures. For instance, based on guidance from the FDA in April 2014, we plan to continue our current emixustat study through the original 24-month treatment duration without any access to interim results. Our products could be subject to restrictions or withdrawal from the market and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements, or if we experience problems with our products, when and if any of them are approved. Any product for which we obtain marketing approval will be subject to continual requirements, review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory bodies. Even if regulatory approval of a product is granted, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed. The approval may contain conditions or requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our products, manufacturer or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in: • voluntary or mandatory recall; • withdrawal of the products from the market; • restrictions on such products or manufacturing processes; • fines; • suspension of regulatory approvals; • product seizure; and • injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. We may be slow to adapt, or we may never adapt, to changes in existing regulatory requirements or adoption of new regulatory requirements or policies. 23 Table of Contents Failure to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions would prevent us from marketing our products outside of the United States. We and Otsuka may market emixustat in our respective exclusive territories. To market emixustat in foreign jurisdictions, we or Otsuka must obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements. The approval procedure varies from country to country and can involve additional testing and documentation. The time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one foreign regulatory authority does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. We and Otsuka may not be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. The failure to obtain these approvals could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Relating to Intellectual Property and Other Legal Matters If our efforts to protect the proprietary nature of the intellectual property related to our products are not adequate, we may be unable to compete effectively in our markets. The strength of our patents in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical fields involves complex legal and scientific questions and can be uncertain. In addition to the rights we have obtained from Otsuka relating to some of our product candidates, we rely upon intellectual property we own relating to our product candidates, including patents, patent applications and trade secrets. For a detailed discussion of our patent rights, see “Business—Intellectual Property.” Our patent applications may be challenged or fail to result in issued patents and our existing or future patents may be too narrow to prevent third parties from developing or designing around these patents. Further, there is no uniform, global policy regarding the subject matter and scope of claims allowable in pharmaceutical patents and the criteria applied by patent offices throughout the world to grant patents are not always predictable or uniform. In general, there is no guarantee that the patents we file or in-license will be granted or that the patents we hold would be found valid and enforceable if challenged. Third parties may challenge their validity, enforceability or scope, which may result in such patents being narrowed or invalidated. Additionally, we may lose our rights to the patents and patent applications we license in the event of a breach or termination of the collaboration agreement. Manufacturers may also seek to obtain approval to sell generic versions of our product candidates prior to the expiration of the relevant licensed patents. If the sufficiency of the breadth or strength of protection provided by the patents we license with respect to our product candidates is threatened, it could dissuade others from collaborating with us to develop, and threaten our ability to commercialize, our other product candidates. Further, if we encounter delays in our clinical trials or our development activities are otherwise impeded, the period of time during which we could market our product candidates under patent protection would be reduced. Once the patent life has expired for a product, we may be subject to competition from generic pharmaceutical companies. If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how, the value of our technology and products could be adversely affected. We rely on trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements to protect certain proprietary know-how that is not patentable, for processes for which patents are difficult to enforce and for any other elements of our development processes with respect to emixustat and our other product candidates that involve proprietary know-how, information and technology that is not covered by patent applications. While we maintain physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems, security measures may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information and know-how. Our systems and external backup measures may also be vulnerable to damage or breach due to natural disasters or other unexpected events. While we require all of our employees, consultants, advisors and any third-parties who have access to our proprietary know-how, information and technology to enter into confidentiality agreements, we cannot be certain that this know-how, information and technology will not be disclosed or that competitors will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. These agreements may be terminated or breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any such termination or breach. Furthermore, to the extent we develop our operations outside the United States, these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and know-how in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure as the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Additionally, to the extent we license certain proprietary know-how, information or technologies from third-parties, including our collaboration partners, we also rely on such third-parties to adopt and enforce policies to protect such proprietary know-how, information and technology. 24 Table of Contents Third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may prevent or delay our discovery, development and commercialization efforts with respect to emixustat and our other product candidates. Our commercial success depends, in part, on avoiding infringement of the patents and proprietary rights of third parties. Third parties may assert that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. Although we are not currently aware of any litigation or other proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement related to emixustat, the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. Other parties may allege that our activities infringe their patents or that we are employing their proprietary technology without authorization. We may not have identified all the patents, patent applications or published literature that affect our business either by blocking our ability to commercialize our product, by preventing the patentability of one or more aspects of our products or those of our licensors or by covering the same or similar technologies that may affect our ability to market our product. In addition, third parties may obtain patents in the future and claim that use of our product candidates or technologies infringes upon these patents. Furthermore, parties making claims against us may obtain injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to further develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates. Defense of these claims, regardless of their merit, would involve substantial litigation expense and would be a substantial diversion of employee resources from our business. In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us, we may have to pay substantial damages, obtain one or more licenses from third parties or pay royalties, or we may be enjoined from further developing or commercializing our product candidates and technologies. We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or the patents of our licensors, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe our patents or the patents of our licensors. To the extent we rely on third parties for our proprietary rights, we will have limited control over the protection and defense of such rights. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours or our licensors is not valid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation or defense proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent applications at risk of not issuing. Interference proceedings brought by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents and patent applications or those of our collaborators or licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Litigation or interference proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distraction of our management and other employees. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. If we use hazardous or biological materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials. In addition, our operations produce hazardous waste products. Federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States govern the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous materials. Although we believe that our procedures for use, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we may incur significant additional costs to comply with applicable laws in the future. Also, even if we are in compliance with applicable laws, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from hazardous materials and we may incur liability as a result of any such contamination or injury. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not have any insurance for liabilities arising from hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The price of our common stock may be volatile, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 25 Table of Contents The market prices for securities of biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in general, and clinical-stage companies in particular, have been highly volatile and may continue to be highly volatile in the future. Volatility in the market price for a particular company’s stock has often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of that company. Market and industry factors may seriously harm the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating performance. The following factors, in addition to the other factors described in this “Risk Factors” section, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: • the development status of our product candidates, including results of our clinical trials; • market conditions or trends related to the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, or the market in general; • announcements of technological innovations, new commercial products or other material events by our competitors or us; • disputes or other developments concerning our proprietary rights; • changes in, or failure to meet, securities analysts’ or investors’ expectations of our financial performance; • additions or departures of key personnel, particularly Mr. O'Callaghan, or members of our board of directors; • discussions of our business, products, financial performance, prospects or stock price by the financial and scientific press or securities analysts or lack of analyst coverage; • public concern as to the safety of drugs and drug delivery techniques; • regulatory developments in the United States, Japan and other foreign countries; • changes in health care payment systems, including developments in price control legislation; or • general economic and political factors, including wars, terrorism, natural disasters and political unrest. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often resulted. We may become subject to this type of litigation, which is often extremely expensive and diverts management’s attention, even if such litigation is ultimately concluded in a manner favorable to us. As a public company, we are subject to additional financial and other reporting and corporate governance requirements that may be difficult for us to satisfy, will raise our costs and may divert resources and management attention from operating our business. As a public company and particularly after we cease to be an “emerging growth company,” we have incurred and will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. In addition, we are subject to reporting and corporate governance requirements, including the listing standards of the Mothers market of the Tokyo Stock Exchange ("TSE") and the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which impose significant new compliance obligations upon us. Our management and other personnel need to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased and will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs and have made and will continue to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or to incur substantial costs to maintain the same or similar coverage. These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or our board committees or as executive officers. In order to continue to meet the listing standard of the Mothers market of the TSE, the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting must be assessed by management each year. We are required to test operating effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on a periodic basis in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. If we are unable to comply with Section 404, management might be unable to certify, and our independent registered public accounting firm might not be able to report on, the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting, we might be unable to report our financial information on a timely basis and might suffer adverse regulatory consequences or violate TSE listing standards. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and the reliability of our financial statements. Furthermore, investor perceptions of our company may suffer if deficiencies are found, and this could cause a decline in the market price of our stock. Irrespective of compliance with Section 404, any failure of our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on our stated results of operations and harm our reputation. If we are unable to implement these 26 Table of Contents changes effectively or efficiently, it could harm our operations, financial reporting or financial results and could result in an adverse opinion on internal control from our independent registered public accounting firm. Any future issuance of equity or debt securities by us may adversely affect the rights or value of our previously issued common stock. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity or securities convertible into equity, further dilution to our then existing shareholders will result and new investors could have rights superior to the rights of our existing shareholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of debt securities, these securities could have rights that are senior to holders of our common stock and could contain covenants that restrict our operations. In addition, the terms of future financings may restrict our ability to raise additional capital, which could delay or prevent the further development or commercialization of our product candidates. Because the principal trading market for our shares is the Mothers market of the TSE, the corporate governance rules of the major U.S. stock exchanges will not apply to us. As a result, our governance practices may differ from those of a company listed on such U.S. exchanges. Our governance practices need not comply with certain New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ corporate governance standards, including: • the requirement that a majority of our board of directors consists of independent directors; • the requirement that we have an audit committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and • the requirement that we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities. There can be no assurance that we will voluntarily comply with any of the foregoing requirements. Accordingly, you may not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such corporate governance requirements. A limited number of shareholders will have the ability to influence the outcome of director elections and other matters requiring shareholder approval. As of March 19, 2015, Dr. Kubota, our largest shareholder, as an individual, and our directors and executive officers and their affiliates, as a group, beneficially own approximately 28.6% and 28.8% of our outstanding common stock, respectively. On January 28, 2015, we received a letter from SBI disclosing that SBI has granted Dr. Kubota the right to vote 7,752,425 shares held by SBI at any annual or special meeting of our shareholders at which members of our board are to be elected (see “Risk Factors - If Dr. Kubota and SBI are successful in their efforts to replace our board of directors, our business, including our collaborations with Otsuka, may be significantly harmed). Dr. Kubota's right to vote these shares expires on July 28, 2015. We have announced that we plan to hold the special shareholders meeting on May 1, 2015 (Pacific Daylight Time) at our headquarters and have set a record date for shareholders of record as March 19, 2015 (Pacific Daylight Time). If Dr. Kubota votes all shares over which he has voting authority in favor of the business to be brought before the special meeting, then our current members of our board of directors (other than Dr. Kubota) will be replaced by nominees proposed by SBI. In addition, Dr. Kubota and SBI, or other large shareholders, could exert substantial influence over matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including electing directors and approving mergers, acquisitions or other business combination transactions. This concentration of ownership may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company, which could deprive our shareholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their stock as part of a sale of our company and might reduce our stock price. These actions may be taken even if they are opposed by our other shareholders. Anti-takeover provisions under Washington law could make an acquisition of us more difficult and affect the market price of our common stock. Because we are incorporated in the state of Washington, we are governed by the provisions of Chapter 23B.19 of the Washington Business Corporation Act, which prohibits certain business combinations between us and certain significant shareholders unless specified conditions are met. These provisions may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of our company, even if this change of control would benefit our shareholders. We do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future. As a result, you must rely on stock appreciation for any return on your investment. 27 Table of Contents We do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any payment of cash dividends will also depend on our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements and other factors and will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly, you will have to rely on capital appreciation, if any, to earn a return on your investment in our common stock. Furthermore, we may in the future become subject to contractual restrictions on, or prohibitions against, the payment of dividends. ITEM 1B