0001096906-15-000050.txt : 20150113 0001096906-15-000050.hdr.sgml : 20150113 20150113172952
ACCESSION NUMBER: 0001096906-15-000050
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT: 13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140930
FILED AS OF DATE: 20150113
DATE AS OF CHANGE: 20150113 FILER: COMPANY DATA: COMPANY CONFORMED NAME: ACTIVECARE, INC. CENTRAL INDEX KEY: 0001429896 STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT, NEC [3669] IRS NUMBER: 870578125 STATE OF INCORPORATION: DE FISCAL YEAR END: 0930 FILING VALUES: FORM TYPE: 10-K SEC ACT: 1934 Act SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53570 FILM NUMBER: 15525567 BUSINESS ADDRESS: STREET 1: 1365 WEST BUSINESS PARK DRIVE CITY: OREM STATE: UT ZIP: 84058 BUSINESS PHONE: 877-219-6050 MAIL ADDRESS: STREET 1: 1365 WEST BUSINESS PARK DRIVE CITY: OREM STATE: UT ZIP: 84058 FORMER COMPANY: FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Volu-Sol Reagents CORP DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080317 10-K 1 activecare.htm ACTIVECARE, INC. FORM 10-K activecare.htm UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM 10-K (Mark One) þ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15( d ) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 OR ¨ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15( d ) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from_____________ to _____________ Commission file number: 0-53570 ActiveCare, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) Delaware 87-0578125 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 1365 West Business Park Drive, Orem, Utah 84058 (Address of principal executive offices) (877) 219-6050 (Registrant’s telephone number) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act : Common Stock, $0.00001 par value Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ¨ No þ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes ¨ No þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Website, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes þ No ¨ Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. ¨ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer ¨ Accelerated filer ¨ Non-accelerated filer ¨ Smaller reporting company þ Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes ¨ No þ The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of March 31, 2014 was approximately $13 million, based on the average bid and asked price ($0.75 per share) and a total of 17,386,452 shares issued and outstanding to non-affiliates on that date. There were 47,264,183 shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding as of January 12, 2015. During the quarter ended June 30, 2013, the registrant implemented a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split. The financial statements and data for all periods covered by this report have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effect of the reverse stock split. Transitional Small Business Disclosure Format (Check one): Yes ¨ No þ Documents Incorporated by Reference None. Explanatory Note On November 12, 2014, the registrant filed an amendment (the “Amended 10-K”) to its Annual Report on Form 10-K filed previously for the year ended September 30, 2013. The Amended 10-K contained restated audited financial statements of the registrant for and as of the year ended September 30, 2013. The Amended 10-K, and related amended Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended December 31, 2013, March 31, 2014 and June 30, 2014, restate and correct the consolidated financial statements of the registrant, including the consolidated balance sheet and the related statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows. This restated and corrected data and the restated financial statements for the period ended September 30, 2013, are included in this report. ii ACTIVECARE, INC. FORM 10-K For the Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2014 INDEX Page Part I Item 1 Business 1 Item 1A Risk Factors 8 Item 2 Properties 13 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 13 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures (omitted) Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 13 Item 6 Selected Financial Data (omitted) Item 7 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 15 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk (omitted) Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 22 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 22 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 22 Item 9B Other Information 23 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 24 Item 11 Executive Compensation 26 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 30 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 32 Item 14 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 34 Part IV Item 15 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 35 Signatures 37 iii PART I Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, relating to our operations, results of operations, and other matters that are based on our current expectations, estimates, assumptions, and projections. Words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “likely,” “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “estimates,” and similar expressions are used to identify these forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Forward-looking statements are based upon assumptions as to future events that might not prove to be accurate. Actual outcomes and results could differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties, and other factors that might cause such differences, some of which could be material, include, but are not limited to, the factors discussed under Item 1A of this report entitled “Risk Factors.” Item 1. Business Background ActiveCare, Inc. (“we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” or “ActiveCare”) was formed March 5, 1998 as a wholly owned subsidiary of SecureAlert, Inc. dba Track Group [OTCQB: SCRA], a Utah corporation, formerly known as RemoteMDx, Inc. (“SecureAlert”). We were spun off from SecureAlert in February 2009. Effective July 15, 2009, we changed our name to ActiveCare, Inc., and our state of incorporation to Delaware. Our fiscal year ends on September 30. During fiscal year 2013, we announced a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split, and all periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse common stock split. In this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless indicated otherwise, references to “dollars” and “$” are to United States dollars. We own or have rights to trademarks, service marks or trade names that we use in connection with the operation of our business, including, without limitation, “CareCenter,” “4G,” “Green Wire,” “ActiveOne,” “ActiveOne+,” “ActiveHome,” “ActiveCare” and the stylized “ActiveCare” logo. Solely for convenience, some of the trademarks, service marks and trade names referred to in this report are listed without the ©, ® and ™ symbols, but we will assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights to our copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names and domain names. The trademarks, service marks and trade names of other companies appearing in this report are, to our knowledge, the property of their respective owners. General In fiscal year 2012, we launched an additional product line focused on technology for assisting the chronically ill. Our focus is on markets addressing chronic conditions and disease states. Remote patient monitoring (“RPM”) is a technology to enable monitoring of patient vital signs and physical functions outside of conventional clinical settings (e.g., in the home, work or travel). Physiological data such as blood sugar levels, blood pressure, pulse rate, and blood oxygen levels are collected by sensors on medical peripheral devices. Examples of these devices include glucometers, blood pressure cuffs, weight scales, and pulse oximeters. The data is stored for future assessment or transmitted to healthcare providers or third parties via wireless telecommunication devices. Disease states targeted by RPM technology providers typically include diabetes, congestive heart failure, sleep apnea, activity monitoring, and diet management. Since the launch of our Chronic Illness Monitoring segment in 2012, its primary focus has been on those patients diagnosed with diabetes. We believe that we can improve the lives of the chronically ill through the use of technology, while reducing the cost of care. Central to these efforts is our “CareCenter.” This service is designed to monitor and track patients’ health conditions and chronic illnesses on a real time basis. As part of these efforts we have staffed this CareCenter with trained specialists to assist the chronically ill in managing their daily lives; 24 hours per day, seven days per week. In order for the CareCenter to service our customers, we have developed and continue to develop products and technologies designed to improve the health of the chronically ill. There are obvious problems associated with aging and patients diagnosed with chronic conditions. According to a 2004 presentation to the American Telemedicine Association, approximately one in every four Americans suffers from a chronic illness, which typically becomes more severe and prominent with age. The demographics of chronic illnesses include over 29 million people with diabetes (according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s 2014 National Diabetes Statistics Report) and close to 14 million with coronary heart disease (according to reports published by the American Heart Association), as well as over 10 million with osteoporosis (according to a study by the University of Maryland Medical Center). All of these reports and studies, as well as those cited elsewhere in this report, are on file with the Company. 1 According to a 2010 analysis from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (“CDC”), as many as 1 in 3 U.S. adults could have diabetes by 2050 if current trends continue. Diabetes currently affects approximately 9% of the overall U.S. population or 29 million people. According to a 2012 diabetes fact sheet the annual cost of treating an individual diagnosed with diabetes, and the comorbidities associated with the disease, can range from $12,000 to $16,000 per year. This combination costs the U.S. health system up to $245 billion annually. A major driver of the diabetic related claims is the lack of adherence to regular blood glucose monitoring. It is estimated by the National Center for Biotechnology Information that less than 30% of diabetics monitor their blood glucose levels on a regular basis. With U.S. healthcare costs increasing annually, we believe that cost containment is a primary issue facing the industry. These escalating costs will only intensify as the baby-boom generation ages. As of 2000, 35 million Americans were 65 years of age or older, and this number is projected to increase to 55 million by the year 2020, according to a study by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. By that year, one in six Americans will be over the age of 65 and by the middle of the century, the number of elderly could reach more than 86 million people, more than double the present number. According to an article published in the National Review Online and the sources cited therein, approximately 80% of healthcare costs occur in the last two years of life. This combined with an aging population supports the assertion that the nation is in dire need of viable cost-saving options for health care. We believe the ability to monitor chronic illness in your own home will mitigate health care costs for the chronically ill and the elderly. Through the technologies we are developing, we believe we can both enhance lives of and provide peace of mind with the knowledge that their vital signs are being monitored. At the same time we believe we can save millions of dollars in the health care sector as we identify problems and issues before they become crises. We believe that through the technologies we have already developed and are continuing to develop, we can enhance the lives not only of the growing diabetic segment of today’s population, but also the lives of other segments of the population, such as those with other chronic illnesses. The CareCenter is staffed around the clock with advisors that receive calls originating from our clients who utilize our products. We can immediately communicate with them and emergency personnel in times of need and communicate their location and an abbreviated medical history. Our Product and Service Strategy During 2014, our product/service strategy fell into two distinctly different categories; chronic illness monitoring and care services (“CareServices”) or personal emergency response systems (“PERS”). In December 2014, we sold substantially all of our customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with our CareServices segment. The sale of our CareServices contracts allows us to focus solely on our Chronic Illness Monitoring segment. Chronic Illness Monitoring Chronic illness monitoring involves the use of biometric monitoring devices in combination with proprietary data and algorithms to assess the wellbeing of an individual under care. Individual care profiles are created through the aggregation of personal health and medical claims information from multiple data sources. Real-time biometric readings for blood glucose levels, blood pressure, heart rate, weight, tidal volume and other vital readings can be captured over time and added to the existing personal information. This unique data set may now be used for proactive care protocols, care provider alerts to elevated readings, and behavioral intervention prior to crisis events. Technology to facilitate data-driven chronic illness monitoring consists of three components: (1) biometric monitoring products and supplies, (2) medical and claims data aggregation, and (3) algorithms for the analysis of the data. Biometric monitoring products and supplies are provided by numerous medical hardware providers and deliver a wide range of features and functionality. ActiveCare is agnostic to any specific device requirement, and has as a core competency the ability to integrate and capture data from any 510(k) or HL7 compliant monitoring device (see “Regulatory Matters” on page 7 of this report). Strategic relationships have been created with technology and market leaders, and evaluation of new and emerging technology partners is ongoing. Medical and claims data is aggregated from multiple source providers using a proprietary application programmatic interface and data storage architecture. This data is analyzed to identify individual care needs of those entering the program. Monitoring alerts, predictive informatics and individual care plans are created and managed using the ActiveCare technology platform. Care for chronic conditions may now be performed in real-time, and outcomes may be measured on both a medical and claims cost basis. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, we spent approximately $215,000 on research and development for chronic illness monitoring related to ongoing improvements to methods and systems for the capture and analysis of data, as well as scalable architectures to migrate to production applications and deployments that were developed during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2013 and 2012. We will continue to identify claims and medical data sets as well as analytical and informatics technologies that advance our ability to provide unique services. Core competency will continue to evolve in the methods and technologies for data analytics and predictive informatics. 2 Care Services We have developed products that incorporate GPS, cellular capability, and fall detection, all of which are connected to our 24-hour CareCenter with the push of a button. The transmitter can be worn on a neck pendant or belt clip, or carried in a purse, and sends a cellular signal to our CareCenter. When the wearer of the device pushes the button, the staff at the CareCenter evaluate the situation and decide whether to call emergency services or a designated friend or family member. Currently, there are separate products on the market that provide service to the PERS industry as well as products that provide fall detection, geographical location, and clinical health parameters. However, we believe that no product on the market today has successfully integrated all of these technologies in a single effective device. Further, none of the current solutions in the market focus on providing CareServices – assistance with everyday needs – as an alternative to costly assisted living or in-home care services as we do. CareCenter The central point of our product offerings is our CareCenter. Our CareCenter is staffed 24x7 with CareCenter specialists who are 911-certified and trained. In addition, we have nurses on duty and on call that are available to assist with medical issues or questions. Our CareCenter specialists and CareCenter provide monitoring related to chronic illness test results, contacting testers who have not tested when scheduled and onboard new users to our services. In contrast to a typical monitoring center, our CareCenter is equipped to respond to real-time alerts and data to better assist users of our services. In addition, the CareCenter’s software will identify the caller, access the individual’s medical information, and assist with emergency dispatch. We believe the CareCenter is a cornerstone of our business and will support current technology as well as evolve to support the integration of future technologies. Recent Developments We have financed operations primarily through the sale of equity securities, long-term debt and short-term debt. Until revenues are sufficient to meet our needs, we will attempt to secure financing through equity or debt securities. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on satisfactory terms or at all. If we only have nominal funds with which to conduct our business activities, it will negatively impact the results of our operations and our financial condition. During fiscal year 2014, we (1) completed the sale of Series F preferred stock for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs; (2) converted $2,326,801 of debt and accrued interest to common stock; (3) converted $574,592 of debt and accrued interest to Series F preferred stock; and (4) converted $83,473 of debt and accrued interest to Series E preferred stock. These transactions strengthened our balance sheet, provided working capital and allowed us to fulfill larger contracts. During September 2014, David G. Derrick resigned as our Chief Executive Officer and remains the Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors. Michael Z. Jones, our President, was named our interim Chief Executive Officer. During December 2014, we sold substantially all of our customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with our CareServices segment. Additional equipment in stock was sold to the buyer pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. The sale of the CareServices segment allows us to focus our resources solely on the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment. Our Growth Strategy Our plan is to continue to focus on addressing the diabetic population and to execute our existing business plan serving this chronic illness market during fiscal year 2015. We market our products through insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators (“TPAs”), and self-insured companies. We plan to invest in research and development and patent filings, as we broaden the services we offer. We will continue to look for ways to provide solutions for other chronic illness and disease states markets. Our strategy is to develop relationships with these various customers. TPAs administer the claims, payments, co-pays, and medical coding for self-insured companies. They effectively act as the medical benefits administrators for their customers, most of which are not large enough to justify a fully operational in-house department. Disease management companies are hired by insurance companies and self-insured companies to actively engage with members and employees with the goal that more interaction will reduce significant health care claims. Our strategy is achieved by providing specific information related to the benefits to be realized by all parties, which, in most cases is substantial to the self-insured companies and the insurance companies. The key to monetary savings is the CareCenter, which operates 24x7 and is integral to chronic illness monitoring. The CareCenter is the real-time recipient of all test results which are delivered using cellular glucometers. This information is gathered, sorted and reported. This information, which the customers have generally never before seen, is then delivered to the customers. The ultimate objective is to increase the percentage of diabetics who are regularly testing, which has been proven to be a major factor in reducing the cost of claims based on statistical history. Once the customers recognize the benefits to be realized from this information for one or more patients, it is a natural progression to add the rest of the customer’s members or clients to the ActiveCare solution. 3 Our ultimate objective is to become a chronic illness monitor for all of our customer’s members, measuring not only blood sugar for diabetics, but also blood pressure, weight, and blood oxygen levels. Research and Development Program During fiscal year 2014, we spent approximately $215,000, compared to $605,000 in fiscal year 2013, on research and development related to chronic illness monitoring. The research and development program focused on ongoing improvements to methods and systems for the capture and analysis of data, as well as scalable architectures to migrate to production applications and deployments during fiscal year 2014 that were developed during the fiscal years 2013 and 2012. Competition Over the past decade technology device manufacturers have rushed to provide peripheral devices to capture data related to chronic health conditions rather than provide any assessment or intelligence regarding the data being captured. In most cases the data captured remains static on the peripheral device or data capture system, providing little to no perspective on the current and recent condition of the patient. In cases in which the data are utilized, the application of that data is typically limited to the “point of care” or physician’s office. The ActiveCare solution is a complex combination of components that provide an overall care system. The analysis of the competitive landscape will focus on six primary market segments representing the primary components of our system, noting the implications for us resulting from the strengths of the leaders in each segment. Legacy Consumer Oriented Monitoring and Communications Device Providers Overview – While not a primary threat to our business model, several leading providers of health care technologies have targeted the patient monitoring market and made significant investments in pursuing the segment. The primary business focus of these companies is high-end diagnostics equipment, point of care technologies, and health information technologies. While the investments in telehealth technologies have totaled significant dollars they represent a very small component of these competitors’ overall business in the health care segment. The approach to entering the market has typically been to acquire an existing technology and attempt to distribute that technology through existing distribution channels in complementary offerings. Examples of providers in this segment include: · Philips – Telestation · Bosch - HealthStation · Honeywell – Genesis Strengths – The strengths of this segment are the competitors’ overall position in the health care market, existing distribution channels and availability of capital to fund and pursue future opportunities. Weaknesses – The value proposition of the providers in this segment has been focused on providing a consumer-based platform for “telemedicine,” or providing care to a patient not at the same location as the provider of care. Solutions have been an extension of the videophone concept, and in some cases have included connectivity to blood pressure and blood oxygen measuring peripherals. The weaknesses in the execution of this approach include: · The market / product strategy has been as a tertiary complement to the core business, lacking focus on execution. · The business model has been hardware based, focusing on the product as a “part” of the primary hardware business. · Solutions have been limited to facilitating the moment of care, and do not capture or make data available for later assessment. · Products have been based on legacy technologies, lacking ease of use and rich functionality. · Revenue models have been based on sources outside of the primary economics of health care; federal and state funded grants, patient payer, and as a bundled component of a sponsoring product line or business. Summary – We do not directly compete with the offerings in this segment. The possible threat is based on the competitors’ reassessment of strategy in this market and the ability to fund and customize products. If they follow past patterns, we believe that we would be a prime candidate for partner relationship or acquisition by one of these competitors to gain an immediate presence in a more viable business model. 4 Current Consumer Peripheral Monitoring Device Providers Overview – Competitors in this segment have specialized in the delivery of low cost diagnostic peripherals for measuring blood pressure, weight, pulse rate, blood sugar and activity. Examples include: · A and D Medical · Telcare Strengths – These competitors have refined the product requirements to meet the needs of the market. Products are easy to use and accurately capture vitals and metrics. In the past five years significant effort has been made to lower the cost of products as they compete more on cost rather than functionality or other benefits. Weaknesses – These products continue to evolve as commodity offerings, differentiating on price rather than any other feature. Solutions have been targeted on facilitating the moment of care, and lack complementing strategies to make data for later assessment. Summary – Currently this segment provides us with some key partnerships. They facilitate the means of capturing patient data with an easy to use, low cost offering. While some devices have been innovative, the strategies continue to focus primarily on the manufacture and sale of hardware components. Next Generation Monitoring Device Providers Overview – The past five years have seen a proliferation of consumer-oriented devices to monitor individuals’ physical activity, sleep patterns and pulse rate. The strategy of those in this segment has also been focused on integration with smartphones and other consumer devices. Examples include: · Activity monitoring o MisFit o Striiv o Lark · Consumer vital signs monitoring o iHealth o Digifit · Sleep and diet monitoring o FitBit Strengths – The rapid evolution of product and strategy has been fueled by the culture and investors that innovated the technology segment. Companies such as Apple, Google, Frog Design and Stanford Research Institute (SRI) are directly or indirectly funding and leading efforts of innovation. Designs are state-of-the-art and are focused on attracting use by consumers in daily activity. The segment has a strong first adopter appeal. Weaknesses – To date, the business models of the products in the segment have been an evolution of the products produced by traditional monitoring device companies, with one notable exception; products are not yet qualified for clinical data capture and are relegated to providing consumers with the most basic of physical monitoring data. Providers in this segment have noted intentions to become more robust, capturing clinical data type and securing federal 510(k) medical device certification in future products. It has also been forecasted by technology thought leaders that the segment strategy will fail unless it adds complementing user value and revenue opportunities. Summary – Competitors in this segment are expected to become strategic partners for our business model as they evolve their ability to capture and transmit clinical data. We expect to expand into strategic market segments complementing the strengths of these technologies, offering data analytics, and personal fitness planning and wellness management services. Health / Insurance Data Service Providers Overview – Health data informatics has become a strategic focus of health care providers and payer organizations over the past 30 years. Aggregation, analytics, informatics and predictive modeling have enabled service providers to differentiate and better manage the process of health care. Traditionally providers specialized in offering information or services based on a vertical focus of EHR patient data, geographic and regional health care information, or insurance claims processing data. Examples include: · CareFX – recently acquired by Harris Healthcare · Medicity – acquired by Aetna · Certify Data Systems · Benefit Informatics 5 Strengths – Data aggregation and utilization are core competencies of the companies in this segment. Product and service offerings have been successfully marketed to insurance companies and health plan providers. Weaknesses – Sources of the data driving the product strategy of these competitors is becoming increasingly available, forcing an evolution of the business model in two directions; to become a provider of advanced services (rather than data), or to be acquired by large insurance and care groups to mine that specific groups’ data. While significant federal and state funding has driven the efforts to create regional health information organizations, projects have become graveyards for careers and future funding. The fallout of this effort has had a significant impact on the viability of several major data services providers. Summary – This segment presents us with direct competition and business opportunities. Forced to rapidly evolve their strategies, competitors are recognizing the value of real-time and “prior to care event” data. Increasing efforts are being made to facilitate data at the point of care and make that data available to the entire care and reimbursement cycle. Having the ability to capture and assess the data upstream of current offerings strategically differentiates our business, giving visibility to health risks in advance of change of condition and cost. Partnering with leaders in this segment should enable us to further gain expertise in this field as well as complement our data repository. Having data of past care from these partners in combination with data of current patient conditions allows for extremely valuable predictive modeling and services. Dependence on Major Customers and Vendor During fiscal year 2014, we had two customers that accounted for 67% of total revenue. During fiscal year 2013, we had one customer that accounted for 44% of total revenue. Although we are able to integrate and capture data from multiple devices, during the fiscal years 2014 and 2013 we purchased substantially all of our products and supplies from one vendor. See Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Intellectual Property Trademarks. We have registered certain of our trademarks with the United States Patent and Trademark Office, including ActiveCare®, ActiveOne®, and ActiveOne + ®. We also use certain trademarks, trade names, and logos that have not been registered. We claim common law rights to these unregistered trademarks, trade names and logos. We also own domain names, including www.activecare.com , for our primary trademarks and we claim ownership of certain unregistered copyrights of our website content. We rely as well on a variety of property rights that we license from third parties as described below. Patents. We own the exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, worldwide, transferable, sublicensable license of all rights conferred by the patents, patent applications, and provisional patent applications listed in the table below. Patent or Application No. Country Issue/Filing Date Title of Patent 11/486,989 United States Pending/ 7/14/2006 Remote Tracking Device and System and Method for Two-Way Voice Communication Between Device and a Monitoring Center 11/486,991 United States Pending/ 7/14/2006 Remote Tracking System and Device with Variable Sampling 11/830,398 United States Pending/ 7/30/2007 Methods for Establishing Emergency Communications Between a Communications Device and a Response Center 12/614,242 United States Pending/ 11/6/2009 Systems and Devices for Emergency Tracking and Health Monitoring 61/827,454 United States Pending/ 5/24/2013 System and Method for Identifying, Tracking and Treating Chronic Illness Using Real-time Biometric Data 6 We obtained worldwide and exclusive rights to the patents and patent applications listed in the table below under a license agreement dated May 25, 2009. Patent or Application No. Country Issue Date Title of Patent 6,044,257 United States March 28, 2000 Panic Button Phone 6,636,732 United States October 21, 2003 Emergency Phone with Single Button Activation 6,226,510 United States May 1, 2001 Emergency Phone for Automatically Summoning Multiple Emergency Response Services 7,092,695 United States August 15, 2006 Emergency Phone with Alternate Number Calling Capability 7,251,471 United States July 31, 2007 Emergency Phone with Single Button Activation We were granted worldwide, non-exclusive rights to patents and patent applications listed in the table below under a license agreement dated May 15, 2010. Patent or Application No. Country Issue Date Title of Patent 10/588.833 United States Pending 08/09/06 Nanostructures Containing Metal-Semiconductor Compounds PCT/US2007/008540 International Pending 04/06/07 Nanoscale Wires Methods and Devices PCT/US2007/024222 International Pending 11/20/06 Millimeter-Long Nanowires PCT/US2007/021602 International Pending 10/10/07 Liquid Films Containing Nanostructured Materials Trade Secrets. We own certain intellectual property, including trade secrets, which we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality agreements with employees and other parties, although some employees who are involved in research and development activities have not entered into these agreements. Even where these agreements exist, there can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we would have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets will not otherwise become known to or independently developed by competitors. Regulatory Matters The testing, manufacture, distribution, advertising and marketing of medical devices in the United States is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities, including the Food & Drug Administration (“FDA”). Certain of our products may be subject to and required to receive regulatory clearances or approvals, as the case may be, before we may market them. Under United States law, a medical device is an article, which, among other things, is intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease, in man or other animals (see Food, Drug & Cosmetic Act (the “Act”) § 201(h)). Devices are subject to varying levels of regulatory control, the most comprehensive of which requires that a clinical evaluation be conducted before a device receives clearance or approval for commercial distribution. The FDA classifies medical devices into one of three classes. Class I devices are relatively simple and can be manufactured and distributed with general controls. Class II devices are somewhat more complex and require greater scrutiny. Class III devices are new and frequently help sustain life. Examples of the varying levels of regulatory control are described in the following paragraphs. In the United States, a company generally can obtain permission to distribute a new device in two ways – through a Section 510(k) premarket notification application (“510(k) submission”), or through a Section 515 premarket approval (“PMA”) application. The 510(k) submission applies to any device that is substantially equivalent to a “Predicate Device” (a device first marketed prior to May 28, 1976 or a device marketed after that date which was substantially equivalent to a pre-May 28, 1976 device). These devices are either Class I or Class II devices. Under the 510(k) submission process, the FDA will issue an order finding substantial equivalence to a Predicate Device and permitting commercial distribution of that device for its intended use. A 510(k) submission must provide information supporting its claim of substantial equivalence to the Predicate Device. The FDA permits certain low risk medical devices to be marketed without requiring the manufacturer to submit a premarket notification. In other instances, the FDA may not only require that a premarket notification be submitted, but also that such notification be accompanied by clinical data. If clinical data from human experiences are required to support the 510(k) submission, these data must be gathered in compliance with Integral Device Exemption (“IDE”) regulations for clinical trials performed in the United States. The FDA review process for premarket notifications submitted pursuant to section 510(k) should take about 90 days on average, but it can take substantially longer if the FDA has concerns. Furthermore, there is no guarantee that the FDA will “clear” the device for marketing, in which case the device cannot be distributed in the United States. There is no guarantee that the FDA will deem the device subject to the 510(k) process, as opposed to the more time-consuming, resource intensive and problematic process described below. 7 We do not manufacture our own devices. We have contracted with a third party to manufacture the device for us. Manufacturers of medical devices are required to register with the FDA before they begin to manufacture devices for commercial distribution. As a result, any entity that manufactures products on our behalf will be subject to periodic inspection by the FDA for compliance with the FDA’s Quality System Regulation (“QSR”) requirements and other regulations. These regulations require us and our manufacturers to manufacture products and maintain documents in a prescribed manner with respect to design, manufacturing, testing and control activities. Further, we are required to comply with various FDA and other agency requirements for labeling and promotion. The Medical Device Reporting regulations require that we provide information to the FDA whenever there is evidence to reasonably suggest that a device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or, if a malfunction were to occur, could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. In addition, the FDA prohibits us from promoting a medical device for unapproved indications. In the United States, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) regulations require national standards for some types of electronic health information transactions and the data elements used in those transactions, security standards to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of health information and standards to protect the privacy of individually identifiable health information. Covered entities under HIPAA, which include health care organizations such as our clients, our employer clinic business model and our claims processing, transmission and submission services, are required to comply with the privacy standards, the transaction regulations and the security regulations. As a business associate of our clients who are covered entities, we are generally required by contract to comply with the HIPAA regulations as they pertain to handling of covered client data. However, the extension of these HIPAA obligations to business associates by law has created additional liability risks related to the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information. Employees As of September 30, 2014, we had 45 full-time and four part-time employees in the U.S. None of these employees are represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We have never experienced a work stoppage and our management believes that our relations with employees are good. Additional Available Information We maintain executive offices and principal facilities at 1365 West Business Park Drive, Orem, Utah, 84058. Our telephone number is (877) 219-6050. We maintain a website at www.activecare.com . The information on our website should not be considered part of this report. We make available, free of charge at our corporate website, copies of our annual reports filed under the Exchange Act with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and all amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. We also provide copies of our Forms 8-K, 10-K, 10-Q, proxy and annual report at no charge to investors upon request. All reports filed with the SEC are available free of charge through the SEC website at www.sec.gov . In addition, the public may read and copy materials we have filed with the SEC at the SEC’s public reference room located at 450 Fifth St., N.W., Washington, D.C. 20549. Item 1A. Risk Factors We have identified the following important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward looking statements we may make from time to time. We operate in a continually changing business environment in which new risk factors emerge from time to time. We can neither predict these new risk factors, nor can we assess the impact, if any, of these new risk factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement. If any of these risks, or combination of risks, actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be seriously and materially harmed, and the trading price of our common stock could decline. Investors should also be aware that while we do, from time to time, communicate with securities analysts, it is against our policy to disclose to them any material non-public information or other confidential commercial information. Accordingly, stockholders should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by any analyst, regardless of the content of the statement or report. Furthermore, we do not confirm financial forecasts or projections issued by others. Thus, to the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts, or opinions, such reports are not the responsibility of ActiveCare. 8 Because of our history of accumulated deficits, recurring losses and negative cash flows from operating activities, we must improve profitability and may be required to obtain additional funding if we are to continue as a “going concern.” We incurred negative cash flows from operating activities and recurring net losses in fiscal years 2014 and 2013. We had negative working capital at the end of each of those years. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, our accumulated deficit was $78,327,447 and $64,817,684, respectively. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements included with this report do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In order for us to remove substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, we must achieve profitability, generate positive cash flows from operating activities and obtain necessary debt or equity funding. If we are unable to increase revenues or obtain additional financing, we will be unable to continue the development of our products and services and we may have to cease operations. Our financial statements have been prepared on the assumption that we will continue as a going concern. Our independent registered public accounting firm has issued its report dated January 13, 2015, which includes an explanatory paragraph stating that our recurring losses, among other things, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. It has been necessary to rely upon debt and the sale of our equity securities to sustain operations. Our management anticipates that we may require additional capital over the next 12 months to fund ongoing operations. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to obtain such funds, or obtain them on satisfactory terms, and that such funds would be sufficient. If such additional funding is not obtained, we may be required to scale back or discontinue operations. Our profitability depends upon achieving success in our future operations through implementing our business plan, increasing sales, and expanding our customer base, for which there can be no assurance given. Profitability depends upon many factors, including the success of our sales program, our ability to identify and obtain the rights to additional products to add to our existing product line, expansion of our customer base, maintenance or reduction of expense levels and the success of our business activities. We anticipate that we will generate operating income in the next 12 months. Our ability to achieve profitable operations will depend on our success in developing and maintaining valuable product and monitoring solutions, sales strategies, and strategic partnerships. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop and maintain adequate resources to fund these goals. If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to materially curtail or cease operations. Our products are not based entirely on technology that is proprietary to us, which means that we do not have a technological advantage over our competitors, and that we must rely on the owners of the proprietary technology that is the basis for our products to protect that technology. We have no control over such protection. Our products utilize technology based in part on patents that have been licensed to us for use within our markets. Our success in adding to our existing product line will depend on our ability to acquire or otherwise license competitive technologies and products and to operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, both in the United States and internationally. No assurance can be given that any licenses required from third parties will be made available on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we do not obtain such licenses, we could encounter delays in product introductions while we attempt to adopt alternate sources. We could also find that the manufacture or sale of products requiring such licenses is not possible. Litigation may be necessary to defend against claims of infringement, to protect trade secrets or know-how owned by us, or to determine the scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Such litigation could have an adverse and material impact on us and on our operations. Our products are subject to the risks and uncertainties associated with the protection of intellectual property and related proprietary rights. We believe that our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and enforce patents, maintain trade secrets and operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others in the United States and in other countries. We own or have license rights under several patents; we have also applied for several additional patents and those applications are awaiting action by the United States Patent Office. There is no assurance those patents will issue or that when they do issue they will include all of the claims currently included in the applications. Even if they do issue, those new patents and our existing patents must be protected against possible infringement. The enforcement of patent rights can be uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. The scope and enforceability of patent claims are not systematically predictable with absolute accuracy. The strength of our own patent rights depends, in part, upon the breadth and scope of protection provided by the patent and the validity of our patents, if any. 9 We also rely on trade secrets laws to protect portions of our technology for which patent protection has not yet been pursued or is not believed to be appropriate or obtainable. These laws may protect us against the unlawful or unpermitted disclosure of any information of a confidential and proprietary nature, including but not limited to our know-how, trade secrets, methods of operation, names and information relating to vendors or suppliers and customer names and addresses. We intend to protect this unpatentable and unpatented proprietary technology and processes, in addition to other confidential and proprietary information in part, by entering into confidentiality agreements with employees, collaborative partners, consultants and certain contractors. There can be no assurance that these agreements will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, or that our trade secrets and other confidential and proprietary information will not otherwise become known or be independently discovered or reverse-engineered by competitors. Recent changes in insurance and health care laws have created uncertainty in the health care industry. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, each enacted in March 2010, generally known as the Health Care Reform Law, significantly expanded health insurance coverage to uninsured Americans and changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private payers. We expect expansion of access to health insurance to increase the demand for our products and services, but other provisions of the Health Care Reform Law could affect us adversely. Additionally, further federal and state proposals for health care reform are likely. We cannot predict what further reform proposals, if any, will be adopted, when they may be adopted, or what impact they may have on us. The collection, retention and disclosure of personal information and patient health information is regulated by law and subjects us and our business associates to potential liability for unauthorized disclosure and other use of such information. State, federal and foreign laws, such as the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), regulate the confidentiality of sensitive personal information and the circumstances under which such information may be released. These measures may govern the disclosure and use of personal and patient medical record information and may require users of such information to implement specified security measures, and to notify individuals in the event of privacy and security breaches. Evolving laws and regulations in this area could restrict the ability of our customers to obtain, use or disseminate patient information, or could require us to incur significant additional costs to re-design our products in a timely manner to reflect these legal requirements, either of which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Other health information standards, such as regulations under HIPAA, establish standards regarding electronic health data transmissions and transaction code set rules for specified electronic transactions, for example, transactions involving claims submissions to third-party payers. These also continue to evolve and are often unclear and difficult to apply. In addition, under the federal Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH Act), which was passed in 2009, some of our business that was previously only indirectly subject to federal HIPAA privacy and security rules became directly subject to such rules because we may serve as “business associates” to persons or entities that are subject to these rules. On January 17, 2013, the Office for Civil Rights of the Department of Health and Human Services released a final rule implementing the HITECH Act and making certain other changes to HIPAA privacy and security requirements. Compliance with the rule was required by September 23, 2013, and increased the requirements applicable to some of our business. Failure to maintain the confidentiality of sensitive personal information in accordance with the applicable regulatory requirements, or to abide by electronic health data transmission standards, could expose us to breach of contract claims, fines and penalties, costs for remediation and harm to our reputation. Our industry is fragmented, and we experience intense competition from a variety of sources, many of which are better financed and better managed than we are. We face, and will continue to face, competition in the Chronic Illness Monitoring market. Many, if not most, of our competitors and potential competitors are much larger and consequently have greater access to capital. Moreover, many of our competitors have far greater name recognition and experience in the Chronic Illness Monitoring industry. There can be no assurance that competition from other companies will not render our products noncompetitive. We are highly dependent on our executive officers and certain of our sales, technical and operations employees. We depend heavily on our executive officers and certain sales, technical, and operations employees. The loss of services of any of these individuals could impede the achievement of our objectives. There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain qualified executives, sales, or technical personnel on acceptable terms. We rely on third parties to manufacture our product line. We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the manufacture of our Chronic Illness Monitoring products. Consequently, we are dependent on these contract manufacturers for the production of our products and will depend on third-party manufacturing resources to manufacture products we may add to our product line in the future. During the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we purchased substantially all of our products and supplies from one vendor. Although there are other vendors who manufacture similar products and supplies, our systems would need to be modified to accommodate those products and supplies. A change in suppliers could cause a delay in providing products and services to customers and a possible loss of sales. In the event we are unable to obtain or retain third-party manufacturing, we will not be able to continue operations as they relate to the sale of products. 10 From time to time, we may be subject to expensive claims relating to product liability law; our ability to insure against this risk is limited. The use of any of our existing or potential products in clinical settings may expose us to liability claims. These claims could be made directly by persons who assert that inaccuracies or deficiencies in their test results were caused by defects in our products. Alternatively, we could be exposed to liability indirectly by being named as a third-party defendant in actions brought against companies or persons who have purchased our products. We have obtained limited product liability insurance coverage and we intend to expand our insurance coverage on an as needed basis as sales revenue increases. However, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to liability. There can also be no assurance that we will be able to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products added to our product line in the future. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ineffective internal controls could impact our business and operating results. Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results may be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock Concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and principal stockholders may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions. Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders own, in the aggregate, approximately 54% of our outstanding common stock. In addition, certain of our officers and our directors have been granted warrants to purchase common stock and own convertible Series D and Series E preferred stock. The exercise of such warrants and conversion of preferred stock might also result in substantial dilution to our existing stockholders. As a result of the ownership of the shares currently held, their ownership and potential exercise of these options and preferred stock, these stockholders may be able to exercise significant control over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions and will have significant control over our management and policies. The interests of these stockholders may not be consistent with the interests of all other stockholders. This control or the potential for such control may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, delaying or preventing changes in control or changes in management, or limiting the ability of our other stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in our best interests. Penny stock regulations may impose certain restrictions on marketability of our securities. The SEC has adopted regulations which generally define a “penny stock” to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) of less than $5.00 per share or an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions. As a result, our common stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together with their spouse). For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase. Additionally, for any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require the delivery, prior to the transaction, of a risk disclosure document mandated by the SEC relating to the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also disclose the commission payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and, if the broker-dealer is the sole market maker, the broker-dealer must disclose this fact and the broker-dealer’s presumed control over the market. Finally, monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. Consequently, the “penny stock” rules may restrict the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and may affect the ability of investors to sell our securities in the secondary market and the price at which such purchasers can sell any such securities. 11 Investors should be aware that, according to the SEC, the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns include: • Control of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related to the promoter or issuer; • Manipulation of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading press releases; • “Boiler room” practices involving high pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections by inexperienced sales persons; • Excessive and undisclosed bid-ask differentials and markups by selling broker-dealers; and • The wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level, along with the inevitable collapse of those prices with consequent investor losses. Our management is aware of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Our stock price may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the price you paid for them. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors, most of which we cannot control, including: • Market conditions or trends in our industry or the economy as a whole and, in particular, in the retail sales environment; • Timing of promotional events; • Changes in key personnel; • Entry into new markets; • Announcements by us or our competitors of new product offerings or significant acquisitions; • Actions by competitors; • The level of expenses associated with new product development and marketing; • Changes in operating performance and stock market valuations of competitors; • The public’s response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; • The financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in these projections or our failure to meet these projections; • Changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our common stock, our failure to meet these estimates or failure of those analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of our common stock; • The development and sustainability of an active trading market for our common stock; • Future sales of our common stock by our officers, directors and significant stockholders; • Other events or factors, including those resulting from war, acts of terrorism, natural disasters or responses to these events; and • Changes in accounting principles. In addition, the stock markets have recently experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many retail companies. In the past, stockholders in some companies have instituted securities class action litigation following periods of market volatility. If we were involved in securities litigation, we could incur substantial costs and our resources, and the attention of management could be diverted from our business. 12 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and Delaware law might discourage or delay acquisition attempts. Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our Company more difficult without the approval of our Board of Directors. These provisions: · Authorize the issuance of undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established and the shares of which may be issued without stockholder approval, and which may include super voting, special approval, dividend, or other rights or preferences superior to the rights of the holders of common stock; and · Establish advance notice requirements for nominations for elections to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. These anti-takeover provisions and other provisions under Delaware law could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of our Company, even if doing so would benefit our stockholders. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions you desire. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. Any future trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. We do not currently have and may never obtain research coverage by securities and industry analysts. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price for our common stock would be negatively impacted. If we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage and if one or more of the analysts who covers us downgrades our common stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which could cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. We do not expect to pay any cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. The continued operation and expansion of our business will require substantial funding. Accordingly, we do not anticipate that we will pay any cash dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Any determination to pay dividends on the common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon results of operations, financial condition, contractual restrictions, including our senior secured credit facility and other indebtedness we may incur, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our Board of Directors deems relevant. No dividends may be paid on the common stock unless and until all accrued and unpaid dividends are paid on the preferred stock. Accordingly, if you purchase or own shares of our common stock, realization of a gain on your investment will depend on the appreciation of the price of our common stock, which may never occur. Investors seeking cash dividends in the foreseeable future should not purchase our common stock. Item 2. Properties We lease office facilities of approximately 17,350 square feet located at 1365 West Business Park Drive, Orem, Utah, 84058. This lease expires in July 2018 and the monthly rent is approximately $24,500 subject to annual adjustments. Management believes the facilities described above are adequate to accommodate presently expected growth and needs of our operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are not involved directly in any legal proceedings which management believes would have a material effect upon our business or financial condition, nor are any such material legal proceedings anticipated. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our common stock has traded on the OTCQB under the symbol “ACAR.” The following table sets forth the range of high and low market prices of our common stock as reported for the periods indicated. The information is available online at http://finance.yahoo.com . During the quarter ended June 30, 2013, we implemented a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split. The data below have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effects of the reverse stock split. 13 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2013 High Low First Quarter $ 1.50 $ 0.40 Second Quarter $ 2.80 $ 0.80 Third Quarter $ 11.00 $ 0.90 Fourth Quarter $ 1.62 $ 0.66 Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2014 High Low First Quarter $ 1.45 $ 0.80 Second Quarter $ 1.00 $ 0.60 Third Quarter $ 0.75 $ 0.35 Fourth Quarter $ 0.61 $ 0.22 Holders As of January 12, 2015, there were approximately 1,900 holders of record of our common stock and 47,264,183 shares of common stock outstanding. We have granted options and warrants for the purchase of approximately 10,992,000 shares of common stock. We have issued and outstanding 70,070 shares of Series E preferred stock, 45,000 shares of Series D preferred stock, and 5,361 shares of Series F preferred stock. There are two holders of Series D preferred stock, 11 holders of Series E preferred stock and eight holders of Series F preferred stock. These shares of preferred stock are convertible into a total of 6,063,830 shares of common stock subject to the terms and conditions of their respective Designation of Rights and Preferences. Dividends Since incorporation, we have not declared any cash dividends on our common stock. We do not anticipate declaring cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Our Series C and Series D preferred stock carry 8% annual dividend rates. Our Series E preferred stock carries a 3.322% monthly dividend rate. Our Series F preferred stock carries an 8% annual dividend rate until April 30, 2015, 16% from May 1, 2015 until July 31, 2015, 20% from August 1, 2015 until October 31, 2015, and 25% thereafter. Dilution The Board of Directors determines when and under what conditions and at what prices to issue stock. In addition, a significant number of shares of common stock are reserved for issuance upon the exercise of stock options and warrants. The issuance of any shares of common stock for any reason will result in dilution of the equity and voting interests of existing stockholders. Transfer Agent and Registrar The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, 59 Maiden Lane, Plaza Level, New York, NY 11219. Equity Compensation Plans Under management agreements in fiscal years 2012, 2013 and 2014, we granted our former Chief Executive Officers, former directors, and former and current officers equity compensation in the form of restricted stock and warrants for the purchase of common stock. The following table summarizes certain information concerning equity plan awards outstanding as of September 30, 2014. 14 Equity Compensation Plan Information Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Weighted -average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants, and rights Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in the first column) Plan Category(1) (#) ($) (#) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders - $ - - Equity compensation plans n ot approved by security holders 1,946,487 0.65 - Totals 1,946,487 (1) $ 0.65 - _____ (1) Includes 786,487 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants granted to our former chief executive officers, 1,045,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants granted to former members of our Board of Directors, and 115,000 shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants granted to former officers. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities The following discussion summarizes sales of our common stock and other equity securities without registration of the offer and sale of such securities under the Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) in reliance upon exemptions from registration pursuant to rules and regulations promulgated under the Securities Act not previously reported by the Company. During the three months ended September 30, 2014, we did not issue any shares of common or preferred stock without registration under the Securities Act. Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to help the reader better understand our Company, our operations and our present business environment. This information is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 and the accompanying notes thereto contained in this report. Restatement of Previously Issued Financial Statements As discussed further in Note 2 to the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” contained in Item 15 of this Form 10-K, we have previously restated our consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 on Form 10-K/A filed on November 10, 2014. Specifically, we restated our consolidated financial statements as the result of certain errors that existed in our previously filed consolidated financial statements related to the manner in which we recognized revenues for our Chronic Illness Monitoring segment. The impact of these errors to the applicable line items in the consolidated financial statements is set forth in Note 2 of the “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements”. The net impact of the restatement increased our net loss by approximately $1.5 million for the year ended September 30, 2013. Key Business Indicators In assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. The key measures for determining how our business is performing are net sales, gross profit margin and selling, general and administrative expenses. Net Revenues Net revenues constitute gross revenues net of any returns and merchandise discounts. 15 Gross Loss Gross loss is equal to our net revenues minus our cost of revenues. Gross margin measures gross loss as a percentage of our net revenues. Cost of revenues includes the direct costs of purchased merchandise, inventory allowances, commissions, distribution costs, freight costs and purchasing costs. Our cost of revenues is substantially higher in higher volume quarters because cost of revenues generally increases as net revenues increase. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses include administration, stock-based compensation (discussed below) and occupancy costs. These expenses do not generally vary proportionately with net revenues. As a result, selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales are usually higher in lower volume quarters and lower in higher volume quarters. Stock-based Compensation Expense During fiscal year 2014, we granted 11,196,970 shares of common stock and 2,514,025 common stock purchase warrants to our employees and consultants. Stock-based compensation expense for fiscal year 2014 was approximately $3,585,000. See “Critical Accounting Policies” below. Fiscal Year 2014 Compared to Fiscal Year 2013 Revenues Net revenues for fiscal year 2014 were $6,108,000 compared to $4,245,000 for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $1,863,000 or 44%. The increase is due to sales to new and existing customers related to improving our solution and allocating more resources to the sales process. Cost of Revenues Cost of revenues for fiscal year 2014 was $6,438,000, compared to $3,323,000 for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $3,115,000. The increase in cost of revenues is due to increased sales and a reserve for inventory obsolescence of $1,661,000. Gross Loss Gross loss for fiscal year 2014 was $330,000, compared to a gross profit for fiscal year 2013 of $922,000, a decrease of $1,252,000. The decrease in gross profit resulted primarily from an increase in the reserve for inventory obsolescence offset, in part, by an increase in sales. We expect gross profit to improve in fiscal year 2015 as we acquire more Chronic Illness Monitoring customers, retain existing customers and manage inventory. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2014 were $9,800,000, compared to $8,752,000 for fiscal year 2013, an increase of $1,048,000, or 12%. The increase in expenses incurred was primarily due to increases in payroll and related taxes of $741,000, employee and company insurance of $140,000 and stock-based compensation of $139,000, offset, in part, by a decrease in investor relations expenses of $285,000. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses for fiscal year 2014 were $215,000, compared to $605,000 for fiscal year 2013, a decrease of $390,000. The decrease is due to the completion of certain Chronic Illness Monitoring platforms during fiscal year 2013. We expect to continue investing in research and development as we develop new platforms for Chronic Illness Monitoring. Gain on Derivatives Liability Gain on derivatives liability for fiscal year 2014 was $373,000, compared to a loss on derivatives liability of $333,000 for fiscal year 2013. The derivatives liability recorded as of September 30, 2014 relates to a variable conversion feature for the Series F preferred stock related to a potential milestone adjustment. Derivatives liabilities recorded as of September 30, 2013 include convertible debt instruments with variable conversion elements. The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2013 was eliminated due to the conversion of notes payable with variable conversion features. Loss on Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock During 2014 and 2013, we offered an induced conversion rate to all debt holders of $0.75 of debt per share of common stock, which was below the market price of the stock. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, debt and accrued interest of approximately $541,000 and $10,004,000, respectively, were converted to shares of common stock. During fiscal year 2014, debt and accrued interest due to related parties of approximately $1,786,000 were converted to shares of common stock at $0.60 of debt per share of common stock, which was below the market price of the stock. We also offered the private placement of common stock to existing investors at $0.75 per share, which was below the market price. The difference between the offered price and the market price of all common stock issued is recorded as a loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock, and for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $114,000 and $9,356,000, respectively. We believe this improved our balance sheet and positioned us to invest more resources in growing the Chronic Illness Monitoring business. 16 Interest Expense Interest expense for fiscal year 2014 was $1,936,000, compared to $5,584,000 for fiscal year 2013. The decrease is due to the conversion of debt and accrued interest to equity during fiscal years 2014 and 2013 of $2,985,000 and $10,004,000, respectively. The majority of debt was converted to shares of common stock as noted above in “Loss on Induced Conversion of Debt”. Other Income and Expense The loss on disposal of equipment for fiscal year 2014 was $42,000, compared to $200,000 for fiscal year 2013. The disposals of assets during fiscal year 2013 were higher due to the move of our corporate headquarters to Orem, Utah. Discontinued Operations During December 2014, we sold substantially all of our customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with our CareServices segment. Additional equipment in stock was sold to the buyer pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash receipt of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. In June 2013, we sold the net assets and operations of the reagents business segment of the Company to a third party for $184,000 in cash. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we recognized a loss from discontinued operations of $1,453,000 and $3,184,000, respectively. Net Loss Net loss for fiscal year 2014 was $13,462,000, compared to $27,138,000 for fiscal year 2013 for the reasons described above. Dividends on Preferred Stock Dividends on preferred stock for fiscal year 2014 were $737,000, compared to $321,000 for fiscal year 2013. The increase is due to additional dividends for Series F preferred stock which was issued during fiscal year 2014. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our primary sources of liquidity are the proceeds from the sale of our equity securities and debt. We have not historically financed operations from cash flows from operating activities. We anticipate that we will continue to seek funding to supplement revenues from the sale of our products and services through the sale of equity securities and debt until we achieve positive cash flows from operating activities. Our cash balance as of September 30, 2014 was $197,000. At that time, we had a working capital deficit of $6,010,799, compared to a working capital deficit of $4,758,000 as of September 30, 2013. The decrease in working capital is primarily due to a decrease in inventory related to sales, an increase in the reserve for inventory obsolescence, a decrease in accounts receivable due to customer collections, and an increase in related-party accounts payable and accrued expenses, offset by a reduction to accounts payable due to vendor payments and a reduction in derivatives liability. Operating activities in fiscal year 2014 used cash of $4,413,000, compared to $8,945,000 in fiscal year 2013. The decrease in cash used in operating activities is due to the reduction in net loss, the collection of accounts receivable for sales in fiscal year 2013, and the use of existing inventory, offset, in part, by payments made on accounts payable. Investing activities in fiscal year 2014 used cash of $99,000, compared to $296,000 in fiscal year 2013. The decreased use of cash in investing activities is due to fewer purchases of property and equipment during fiscal year 2014. Financing activities in fiscal year 2014 provided cash of $4,485,000, compared to $8,935,000 in fiscal year 2013. The decrease in cash provided from financing activities is due to the decrease in debt and sale of equity during fiscal year 2014. We had an accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2014 of $78,327,000, compared to $64,818,000 as of September 30, 2013. Our total stockholders’ deficit as of September 30, 2014 was $5,144,000 compared to $2,298,000 as of September 30, 2013. These changes were primarily due to our net loss for fiscal year 2014, offset by the sale of Series F preferred stock and the conversion of debt to equity. Going Concern We incurred negative cash flows from operating activities and recurring net losses in fiscal years 2014 and 2013. We had negative working capital and negative total equity, and had certain debt that was in default as of September 30, 2014 and 2013. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements included in this Form 10-K do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In order for us to eliminate substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, we must achieve profitability, generate positive cash flows from operating activities and obtain necessary debt or equity funding. Our management’s plans with respect to this uncertainty include raising additional capital by issuing debt or equity securities and increasing the sales of our products and services. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise sufficient additional capital or that revenues will increase rapidly enough to offset operating losses. If we are unable to increase revenues or obtain additional financing, we will be unable to continue the development of our products and may have to cease operations. 17 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements We are not a party to any off balance sheet arrangements. Impact of Inflation Our results of operations and financial condition are presented based on historical cost. While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required, we believe the effects of inflation, if any, on our results of operations and financial condition have been immaterial. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity . ASU 2014-08 states that only disposals representing a strategic shift in operations that has, or will have, a major effect on an entity’s operations when any of the following occurs: The component of an entity or group of components of an entity is classified as held for sale, the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of by sale, or the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of other than by sale. ASU 2014-08 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing US GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early adoption is not permitted. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . This standard sets forth management’s responsibility to evaluate, each reporting period, whether there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, and if so, to provide related footnote disclosures. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance and will incorporate it in our assessment of going concern. In November 2014, the FASB issued ASU, 2014-16, Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity . The ASU clarifies how current guidance should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. Specifically, the amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features, including the embedded derivative feature being evaluated for bifurcation, in evaluating the nature of a host contract. The ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity. Critical Accounting Policies The following summary includes accounting policies that we deem to be most critical to our business. Management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if: · It requires assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, and · Changes in the estimate or different estimates that could have been selected could have a material impact on the consolidated results of operations or financial condition. 18 Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates. In May 2013, we effected a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split. The consolidated financial statements and notes for all periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse common stock split. Fair Value of Financial Instruments We measured the fair values of our assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair values due to the short-term nature and liquidity of these financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on current market pricing models. The carrying amounts reported for notes payable approximate fair value because the underlying instruments are at interest rates which approximate current market rates. Concentrations of Credit Risk We have cash in bank accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. We have not experienced any losses in these accounts. In the normal course of business, we provide credit terms to our customers and require no collateral. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers’ financial condition. We maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon management’s specific review and assessment of each account at the period end. During fiscal year 2014, we had revenues from two significant customers which represented 67% of total revenues. During fiscal year 2013, we had revenues from one significant customer which represented 44% of total revenues. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, accounts receivable from significant customers represented 80% and 82% of total accounts receivable, respectively. During the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, we purchased substantially all of our products and supplies from one vendor. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful accounts. Specific reserves are estimated by management based on certain assumptions and variables, including the customer’s financial condition, age of the customer’s receivables and changes in payment histories. Accounts receivable are written off when management determines the likelihood of collection is remote. A receivable is considered to be past due if any portion of the receivable balance has not been received by the contractual payment date. Interest is not charged on accounts receivable that are past due. Inventory Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market, cost being determined using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Inventory is for the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment and consists of diabetic supplies. Inventory held by distributors is reported as inventory until the supplies are shipped to the end user by the distributor. We estimate an inventory reserve for obsolescence and excessive quantities. Due to competitive pressures and technological innovation, it is possible that estimates of net realizable values could change in the near term. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range between 3 and 7 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the terms of the lease. Equipment leased to customers is depreciated over the 3-year estimated useful lives of the related equipment, regardless of whether the equipment is leased to a customer or remaining in stock, and is recorded in cost of revenues for CareServices. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Upon the sale or disposal of property and equipment, any gains or losses are included in the results of operations. Goodwill Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Our annual testing date is September 30. The identification and measurement of goodwill impairment involves the estimation of the fair value of our reporting units. The estimates of fair value of reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporate management assumptions about expected future cash flows. Future cash flows can be affected by changes in industry or market conditions. Goodwill was not impaired as of September 30, 2014 or 2013. 19 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets, which range from two to twenty years. Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. We impaired our CareServices customer contracts by $89,460 and patents by $408,332 as of September 30, 2014, which were recorded as part of discontinued operations related to the CareServices segment for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The impairment of the customer contracts is due to the sales price being lower than their net book value as of the date of sale. The patents impaired were solely related to the CareServices segment that provide no future cash flows after the CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers were sold in December 2014. Our other long-lived assets were not impaired as of September 30, 2014. No long-lived assets were impaired as of September 30, 2013. Revenue Recognition Revenues have historically been from three sources: (1) sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring services and supplies; (2) sales from CareServices; (3) sales of medical diagnostic stains from our Reagents segment. The CareServices segment was sold in December 2014 and the Reagents segment was sold in June 2013. Information regarding revenue recognition policies relating to the Chronic Illness Monitoring and CareServices business segments is contained in the following paragraphs. Chronic Illness Monitoring Chronic Illness Monitoring revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the product or service to the end user has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. We enter into agreements with insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies (collectively, the customers) to lower medical expenses by distributing diabetic testing products and supplies to employees (end users) covered by their health plans or the health plans they manage. Cash is due from the customer or the end user’s health plan as the products and supplies are deployed to the end user. We also monitor the end user’s test results in real-time with our 24x7 CareCenter. Customers who are billed separately for monitoring are obligated to pay as the service is performed and revenue is recognized ratably over the period of the contract. The term of these contracts is generally one year and, unless terminated by either party, will automatically renew for another year. Collection terms are net 30 days after claims are submitted. There is no contingent revenue in these contracts. We also enter into agreements with distributors who take title to products and distribute those products to the end user. Delivery is considered to occur when the supplies are delivered by the distributor to the end user. Cash is due from the distributor, the customer or the end user’s health plan as initial products are deployed to the end user. Subsequent sales (resupplies) are shipped directly from us to the end user and cash is due from the customer or the end user’s health plan. Shipping and handling fees are typically not charged to end users. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues. Sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services contain multiple deliverables. Multiple-Element Arrangements We evaluate each element in a multiple-element arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. In order to account for elements in a multiple-element arrangement as separate units of accounting, the deliverables must have stand-alone value upon delivery. In determining whether monitoring services have stand-alone value, the nature of our monitoring services, whether we sell supplies to new customers without monitoring services, and availability of monitoring services from the other vendors is considered. During the three months ended June 30, 2014, we began to provide enhanced monitoring services to a key customer, which pays a separating monthly monitoring fee. When multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separable into different units of accounting, the arrangement consideration is allocated to the identified separate units of accounting based on the relative selling prices. Multiple-element arrangements accounting guidance provides a hierarchy to use when determining the relative selling price for each unit of accounting. Vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of selling price, based on the price at which the item is regularly sold by the vendor on a stand-alone basis, should be used if it exists. If VSOE of selling price is not available, third-party evidence (TPE) of selling price is used to establish the selling price if it exists. If VSOE of selling price and TPE of selling price are not available, then the best estimate of selling price (BESP) is to be used. During 2014, VSOE was established for the monitoring services we provide. VSOE for supplies was previously established. Therefore, total consideration under a multiple deliverable contract is allocated to supplies and monitoring through application of the relative fair value method. 20 CareServices “CareServices” include contracts in which we lease monitoring devices and provide monitoring services to end users. We typically enter into contracts on a month-to-month basis with end users that use CareServices. However, these contracts may be cancelled by either party at any time with 30-days notice. Under a standard contract, the device and service become billable on the date the end user orders the device, and remains billable until the device is returned to the Company. Revenue on devices is recognized at the end of each month the CareServices have been provided. In those circumstances in which payment is received in advance, we record these payments as deferred revenue. CareServices revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the device or service has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and payment has occurred or collection is reasonably assured. Shipping and handling fees are included as part of net revenues. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues. All CareServices sales are made with net 30-day payment terms. Income Taxes We recognize deferred income tax assets or liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax assets or liabilities are determined based upon the difference between the financial reporting bases and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply when the differences are expected to be settled or realized. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability and valuation allowances are provided as necessary. As of September 30, 2014, management has determined to provide a 100% allowance against deferred income tax assets as it is more likely than not these assets will not be realized. Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities, when incurred, are classified in interest expense and income tax provision, respectively. Warrant Exercises We issue common shares in connection with warrant exercises when we have received verification that the proceeds have been deposited and when we have received an exercise letter from the warrant holder. We issue common shares in connection with note conversions after we verify the outstanding note balance and the eligibility of conversion, and have received a conversion letter from the lender. Stock-Based Compensation We measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. That cost is recognized in the statement of operations over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award – the requisite service period. The grant-date fair values of the equity instruments are estimated using option-pricing models adjusted for the unique characteristics of those instruments. SAFE HARBOR STATEMENT UNDER THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 Certain written and oral statements made by us in this report are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended (the Exchange Act). Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate, or imply future results, performance, or achievements, and may contain words such as “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “project,” or words or phrases of similar meaning. In our reports and filings we may make forward looking statements regarding our expectations about future sales growth, future training and consulting sales activity, renewal of existing contracts, anticipated expenses, the adequacy of existing capital resources, projected cost reduction and strategic initiatives, expected levels of depreciation and amortization expense, expectations regarding tangible and intangible asset valuation expenses, future compliance with the terms and conditions of our debt obligations, the expected repayment of our liabilities in future periods, expectations regarding income tax expenses as well as tax assets and credits and the amount of cash expected to be paid for income taxes, estimated capital expenditures, and cash flow estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets. These, and other forward-looking statements, are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties are disclosed from time to time in reports filed by us with the SEC, including reports on Forms 8-K, 10-Q, and 10-K. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the matters discussed in Item 1A of this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, entitled “Risk Factors.” The risks included here are not exhaustive. Other sections of this report may include additional factors that could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risk factors may emerge and it is not possible for our management to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any single factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not rely on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. 21 The market price of our common stock has been and may remain volatile. In addition, the stock markets in general have experienced increased volatility. Factors such as quarter-to-quarter variations in revenues and earnings or losses and our failure to meet expectations could have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock. In addition, the price of our common stock can change for reasons unrelated to our performance. Due to our low market capitalization, the price of our common stock may also be affected by conditions such as a lack of analyst coverage and fewer potential investors. Forward-looking statements are based on management’s expectations as of the date made, and we do not undertake any responsibility to update any of these statements in the future except as required by law. Actual future performance and results will differ and may differ materially from that contained in or suggested by forward-looking statements as a result of the factors set forth in this Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in our filings with the SEC. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The consolidated financial statements are included beginning on page F-1 of this report: Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure During the years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, there were no: (i) disagreements with our independent registered public accounting firm on any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, which disagreements, if not resolved to such firm’s satisfaction, would have caused the independent registered public accounting firm to make reference to the subject matter thereof in connection with their reports for such years; or (ii) reportable events, as described under Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except for the material weaknesses noted in Item 9A. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our former Chief Executive Officer, interim Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer, we evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”)). Based upon that evaluation, the former Chief Executive Officer, interim Chief Executive Officer, and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2014, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. During the audit process, we identified material weaknesses discussed below in the Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Report of Management on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 22 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in 2013 Internal Control – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement to our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected. In the course of management's assessment, it identified the following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting: · Ineffective controls over the evaluation of distributor contracts for revenue recognition · Ineffective controls over the review and approval of manual journal entries · Ineffective controls over segregation of access to the accounting information system · Ineffective controls over inventory records We did not maintain an effective financial reporting process to prepare financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Specifically, we initially failed to appropriately account for and disclose the recognition of revenue related to Chronic Illness Monitoring distributor contracts. We restated our financial statements as a result of these issues. We are in the process of improving our internal control over financial reporting in an effort to eliminate these material weaknesses through improved supervision and training of our staff. Our management, audit committee, and directors will continue to work to ensure that our controls and procedures become adequate and effective. This annual report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management’s report was not subject to attestation by the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management’s report in this annual report Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During fiscal year 2014, we hired additional finance and accounting personnel to improve internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Internal Controls The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to completely eliminate misconduct. Accordingly, any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurances. In addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business, but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None. 23 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Set forth below are the name, age, position and a description of the business experience of each of our executive officers, directors and other key employees as of September 30, 2014. Name Age Position David G. Derrick 62 Executive Chairman (Director) Jeffrey Peterson 37 Director and Vice President of Finance Robert J. Welgos 76 Director Michael Z. Jones 52 President and Interim Chief Executive Officer Marc C Bratsman 37 Chief Financial Officer, Secretary-Treasurer Darrell Meador 51 President of Sales David G. Derrick – Executive Chairman (Director) Mr. Derrick has been the Chairman of our Board of Directors since July 2012 and was our Chief Executive Officer from July 2012 through September 2014. From February 2001 through 2011, Mr. Derrick was the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of SecureAlert, our former parent corporation. Prior to joining SecureAlert, Mr. Derrick occupied directorship and management positions in other companies. From 1979 to 1982, Mr. Derrick was a faculty member at the University of Utah, College of Business. Mr. Derrick graduated from the University of Utah with a Bachelor of Arts degree in Economics and a Masters in Business Administration degree with an emphasis in Finance. Our Board of Directors believes Mr. Derrick’s long association with our business and its development and his long support of the Company uniquely qualify him to serve as our Executive Chairman. Jeffrey Peterson – Director and Vice President of Finance Mr. Peterson has been our Vice President of Finance since July 2012 and joined our Board of Directors in May 2014. He has been involved in numerous early stage ventures in the public and private sectors, with an emphasis in healthcare and technology while assisting such companies in advisory and investment initiatives. Mr. Peterson served in various capacities within ActiveCare from July 2011 until July 2012. From January 2010 until July 2012, he was the Director of Investor Relations for SecureAlert. Prior to SecureAlert, Mr. Peterson was a co-owner of a stock brokerage firm in Utah, where his roles included broker, market maker, communications officer, while holding the numerous FINRA security licenses. He graduated from the University of Utah with a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Finance and Business Administration and is a founding member of the University Venture Fund. Mr. Peterson also currently holds board observatory seats with Juneau Biosciences and CoNextions Medical. Robert J. Welgos – Director Mr. Welgos joined our Board of Directors in June 2009. He has a Bachelor of Science in engineering from the Newark College of Engineering (1962), and worked for 38 years with Allied Signal Corp (now Honeywell International), in various technical department management positions, including being responsible for operations of Customer Technical Service Dept., Design Engineering, Testing Laboratories, and Process Laboratories. He also served as the Manager, North American Distributor Sales and Director of International Operations, where he established distribution networks throughout the Pacific Rim and South America. During this period, he was instrumental in the creation of joint ventures with Lucky Goldstar in Korea and Japan Synthetic Rubber in Japan. Mr. Welgos retired from Allied Signal Corp in 2000. Mr. Welgos is the Chairman of our board’s Audit Committee. Among other things, Mr. Welgos’ education and extensive experience in the industries described above qualify him to advise management in our research and development agenda and customer service solutions. In addition, his experience in Asia is important as we source our products and manufacturing. Michael Z. Jones – President and Interim Chief Executive Officer Mr. Jones joined us in August 2012, was named President in April 2014 and was named Interim Chief Executive Officer in September 2014. He founded a medical technology company in 2007, filing several patents in the field of video collaboration as a tool for delivery of medical care. Mr. Jones led in the advancement of medical collaboration and the utilization of informatics technologies for the treatment of obesity and diabetes. Mr. Jones was previously Executive Vice President of Sales and Marketing and has led numerous sales and operations organizations during his career. A published author and contributor to periodicals and industry publications, Mr. Jones graduated summa cum laude from the University of Utah with a Bachelor of Arts in English. He serves on the board of directors of the National Alliance on Mental Illness for the State of Utah. He is the Company’s principal executive officer. 24 Marc C Bratsman – Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer Mr. Bratsman joined us as Director of Accounting in August 2013 and became Secretary, Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer in May 2014. He spent nine years of his career in the Seattle office of Grant Thornton with experience auditing companies in both the public and private sectors. He left Grant Thornton as a Senior Audit Manager in October 2011 and moved to Utah to work as the Chief Financial Officer of a vertically integrated e-Commerce company with 110 employees. Mr. Bratsman received a Masters of Accounting from Brigham Young University and is a Certified Public Accountant in the State of Washington. He is the Company’s principal finance and accounting officer. Darrell Meador – President of Sales Mr. Meador joined us as President of Sales in March 2012 and has spent the last 15 years involved in healthcare technology and new business initiatives. He was one of the founders of 4G Biometrics, the predecessor of ActiveCare Biometrics and was previously the Vice-President of Marketing and Sales for a leader in the healthcare monitoring industry and started and built their telehealth business segment. Mr. Meador served as the President for an innovative managed care organization focused on diabetes for five years and was the founder and President of a start-up consulting firm specializing in technology, management and education for healthcare and related companies for two years. He was also the co-founder and President of a provider of distance learning and communication services to the healthcare industry for seven years. Mr. Meador received his Bachelor or Arts Degree from the University of North Texas in 1986 and was an Academic All-American at Panola Junior College while on a baseball scholarship. Compensatory Arrangement with Executive Chairman On July 12, 2012, we entered into a written Employment Agreement containing compensation and other terms related to David G. Derrick’s appointment as our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. The term of the Employment Agreement was two years and expired on July 12, 2014. Mr. Derrick does not currently have an employment agreement. The compensation payable to Mr. Derrick under the Employment Agreement included a base salary of $300,000 per year plus $15,000 of business expense reimbursement per month. In March 2014, Mr. Derrick forfeited the expense reimbursement in exchange for the reduction of the exercise price on options to purchase 584,100 shares of common stock from $1.00 to $0.00. Beginning in May 2014, Mr. Derrick opted to have 100% of his base salary paid in stock. During fiscal year 2013, we also granted Mr. Derrick 80,000 Series D preferred shares as a bonus and we recognized $320,000 of compensation expense due to the vesting of the Series D preferred stock during fiscal year 2013. The Employment Agreement also included the grant of an option to purchase 1,000,000 shares common stock at an exercise price of $1.00 per share, vesting at the rate of 100,000 shares for every 5,000 members added by the Company during Mr. Derrick’s employment by the Company. During fiscal year 2013, $782,885 was recorded as deferred compensation due to the issuance of the options. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, $122,745 and $660,140 was recognized as compensation expense, respectively. During fiscal year 2013, we also granted Mr. Derrick a $350,000 bonus for services for fiscal years 2013 and 2014 to be used to exercise options. We recognized $175,000 as compensation expense during each fiscal year in connection with this bonus. During fiscal year 2014, we granted 110,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Derrick with a fair value of $52,800 in lieu of base salary payment and accrued 275,000 shares of common stock with a fair value of $66,000 in lieu of base salary. We also granted Mr. Derrick 5,000,000 shares of common stock with a value of $2,400,000 that was recorded as deferred compensation that will vest over two years, of which $300,000 was recognized as compensation expense in fiscal year 2014. We also revalued options to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock and recognized an additional $7,368 as compensation expense during fiscal year 2014. Mr. Derrick resigned his position as Chief Executive Officer effective September 30, 2014. Mr. Derrick accepted the Board of Directors’ request to continue as our Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors. Mr. Derrick will continue to receive his existing compensation arrangements during his appointment as Executive Chairman. Our President, Michael Z. Jones, was appointed interim Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Jones does not have an employment agreement. His base salary is $180,000 per year and was granted 290,000 shares of common stock for his appointment subsequent to fiscal year 2014. The shares vest evenly each quarter through fiscal years 2015 and 2016. Director Compensation The table below summarizes the compensation we paid to our outside directors for their services as directors for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. 25 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash Stock Awards Option Awards Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation Change in Pension Value and Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings All Other Compensation Total Name ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) David G. Derrick (1) - - - - - - - Robert J. Welgos (2) - $ 90,746 - - - - $ 90,746 Jeffrey Peterson (3) - - - - - - - William K. Martin (4) - - $ 433,166 - - - $ 433,166 James G. Carter (5) - - - - - - - Jack Johnson (6) - - - - - - - (1) Mr. Derrick is former Chief Executive Officer and current Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors. His compensation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table, below. Mr. Derrick did not receive additional compensation for his service on the Board of Directors. (2) Mr. Welgos received 100,000 shares of common stock for special projects and the exercise price of previously granted options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock was modified from $1.00 per share to $0 per share for services, which was converted into shares of common stock. (3) Mr. Peterson is Vice President of Finance and was appointed a member of the Board of Directors in April 2014. His compensation for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 is disclosed in the Summary Compensation Table, below. Mr. Peterson did not receive additional compensation for his service on the Board of Directors. (4) Mr. Martin received options to purchase 1,000,000 shares of common stock at $0.50 per share for service. The options vest as expected milestones are reached. Mr. Martin resigned his position in July 2014. (5) Mr. Carter did not receive any compensation during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. Mr. Carter resigned his position in March 2014. (6) Mr. Johnson did not receive any compensation during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. Mr. Johnson resigned his position in February 2014. Item 11. Executive Compensation Section 162(m) Compliance Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code (“Code”), limits us to a deduction for federal income tax purposes of no more than $1,000,000 of compensation paid to certain executive officers in a taxable year. Compensation in excess of $1,000,000 may be deducted if it is “performance-based compensation” within the meaning of the Code. Our Board of Directors has determined that the stock purchase warrants granted under management contracts as described above, with an exercise price at least equal to the fair value of our common stock on the date of grant should be treated as “performance-based compensation.” Our Board of Directors believes that we should be able to continue to manage our executive compensation program for our Named Executive Officers, defined below, so as to preserve the related federal income tax deductions, although individual exceptions may occur. Summary Compensation Table The following table summarizes information concerning the compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to, four of our top paid officers including our Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) during fiscal years 2014 and 2013 (collectively, the “Named Executive Officers”) who were serving in such capacities as of September 30, 2014. 26 Name and principal position Year ended September 30 Salary Bonus Stock awards Option awards Nonequity incentive plan compensation Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings All other compensation Total ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) Michael Jones, 2014 $ 158,918 - $ 42,016 - - - $ 25,654 $ 226,588 PEO 2013 $ 180,000 - - - - - $ 26,944 $ 206,944 David G. Derrick, 2014 $ 175,000 - $ 418,800 $ 440,016 - - $ 31,150 $ 1,064,966 Executive Chairman 2013 $ 300,000 - $ 1,010,140 - - - $ 33,343 $ 1,343,483 Jeffery Peterson 2014 $ 114,450 - $ 424,190 $ 5,165 - - - $ 543,805 Vice President of Finance 2013 $ 125,800 - $ 685,378 - - - - $ 811,178 Darrell Meador, 2014 $ 158,918 - $ 129,791 $ 109,138 - - $ 25,683 $ 423,530 President of Sales 2013 $ 180,000 - $ 282,299 - - - $ 24,071 $ 486,370 (1) Column (i) includes long-term care insurance and other personal benefits. The amounts included in that column, representing premiums paid by us for the applicable insurance policies, include the following: Year ended September 30 Health Insurance Dental, Vision, & Term Life Insurance Michael Jones, 2014 $ 24,897 $ 757 PEO 2013 $ 26,144 $ 800 David G. Derrick, 2014 $ 29,712 $ 1,438 Executive Chairman 2013 $ 31,937 $ 1,406 Darrell Meador, 2014 $ 24,916 $ 767 President of Sales 2013 $ 23,342 $ 729 (2) All amounts except those reported in column (c) and column (i) are non-cash amounts and represent stock or option grants. (3) Amounts in column (e) represent non-cash compensation expense of stock grants based on the market value of the stock on the grant date. During fiscal year 2014, we granted shares of common stock as compensation for past and future service. The schedule below includes stock granted during fiscal year 2014, the accrual of stock granted subsequent to September 30, 2014 for fiscal year 2014 services and amortization of stock granted in prior fiscal years. The granted stock does not include stock quantities, values or deferred balances for accrued amounts or stock granted in prior years being amortized during fiscal year 2014. 27 Stock Granted Value of granted stock Amount deferred Amount recognized Accrual of stock granted subsequent to fiscal year end Amortization of past deferrals Total stock awards Michael Jones, 381,450 $ 183,096 $ 151,200 $ 31,896 $ 10,120 $ - $ 42,016 PEO David G. Derrick, 5,110,000 $ 2,452,800 $ 2,100,000 $ 352,800 $ 66,000 $ - $ 418,800 Executive Chairman Jeffery Peterson 4,072,334 $ 1,954,720 $ 1,710,380 $ 244,340 $ 179,850 $ - $ 424,190 Vice President of Finance Darrell Meador, 21,450 $ 10,296 $ - $ 10,296 $ 10,120 $ 109,375 $ 129,791 President of Sales Of the shares issued to Mr. Jones, 21,450 shares were issued in lieu of salary and 360,000 shares were issued for continued service which vest quarterly over two years. Of the shares issued to Mr. Derrick, 110,000 shares were issued in lieu of salary and 5,000,000 shares were issued for continued service which, vest quarterly over two years. Of the shares issued to Mr. Peterson, 76,334 shares were issued in lieu of salary, which vest quarterly over two years, and 3,996,000 shares were issued for continued service, which also vest quarterly over two years. Of the shares issued to Mr. Meador, 21,450 shares were issued in lieu of salary. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013, we granted Mr. Derrick non-cash compensation as described above. During fiscal year 2013, we granted Mr. Peterson 115,717 shares of Series D preferred stock for a bonus and service provided valued at $685,378, and during fiscal year 2013, we granted Mr. Meador options to purchase 433,333 shares of common stock at $1.00 per share associated with the 4G acquisition. We recorded the option valued at $382,388 as deferred compensation, $282,299 was recognized as compensation expense. The remaining value of the option will be amortized at a rate of 43,333 shares for every 5,000 members added. During fiscal year 2013, we also granted 150,000 shares of common stock to Mr. Meador for extending his employment agreement to fiscal year 2015, $187,500 of value was recorded to deferred compensation. The value will be amortized over fiscal year 2015. (4) Amounts in column (f) represent non-cash compensation expense of options to purchase common stock granted based on the fair value calculated using a binomial option-pricing model. During 2014, we did not grant any options to purchase shares of common stock to the officers named in this schedule. The amount of fiscal year 2014 option awards includes additional amounts for repriced options in addition to their previous values and amortization recognized for options granted in prior years. During fiscal year 2014, we reduced the exercise price of Mr. Derrick’s options to purchase 584,100 shares of common stock from $1.00 per share to $0.00 per share and we recognized an additional $7,368 of compensation expense. The options were exercised upon reduction. We also reduced the exercise price of Mr. Derrick’s options to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock from $1.00 per share to $0.50 per share and we recognized an additional $7,368 of compensation expense. We reduced the exercise price of Mr. Meador’s options to purchase 433,333 shares of common stock from $1.00 per share to $0.50 per share and we recognized an additional $20,946 of compensation expense and $672 of deferred compensation to be amortized in the same manner as the related options. We reduced the exercise price of Mr. Peterson’s options to purchase 650,000 shares of common stock from $1.10 per share to $0.50 per share. The options were exercised upon reduction and the 650,000 shares of common stock issued vest quarterly over two years. We recognized an additional $5,165 of compensation expense and $36,157 of deferred compensation to be amortized evenly over two years. 28 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The following table summarizes information regarding options and other equity awards owned by the Named Executive Officers as of September 30, 2014. See footnotes following the table below: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options Option Exercise Price Option Expiration Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units, or Other Rights That Have Not Vested Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units, or Other Rights That Have Not Vested Name Exercisable Unexercisable (#) ($) Date (#) ($) (#) ($) (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) Michael Jones, - - - $ - 315,000 $ 75,600 - $ - PEO David G. Derrick, - 150,000 - $ 1.00 7/11/2017 4,375,000 $ 1,050,000 - $ - Executive Chairman Jeffery Peterson Vice President of Finance - - - $ - 4,132,042 $ 991,690 - $ - Darrell Meador, President of Sales 173,333 260,000 - $ 1.00 6/20/2017 - $ - - $ - (1) Column (c) includes options to purchase shares of common stock with various vesting periods. The options held by Mr. Derrick to purchase 150,000 shares of common stock vest at the rate of 100,000 shares for every 5,000 members added during Mr. Derrick’s employment by the Company. The unexercisable options held by Mr. Meador to purchase 260,000 shares of common stock vest at the rate of 43,333 shares for every 5,000 members added. (2) Column (g) includes unvested shares of common stock that vest quarterly over a remaining period of 21 months and will be completely vested on June 24, 2016 or will vest immediately in the event of a change in control. Options Exercised and Vested During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, warrants for the purchase of 736,667 shares of common stock were vested and options for the purchase of 1,234,100 shares of common stock were exercised. Compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 percent of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. Officers, directors, and greater-than-ten-percent shareholders are also required by the SEC to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms that they file. Based solely upon a review of these forms that were furnished to us, we believe that all reports required to be filed by these individuals and persons under Section 16(a) were filed during fiscal year 2014 and that such filing were timely except the following, which were filed in December 2014 and which were late: · Mr. Derrick, our Executive Chairman, filed one Form 4 reporting 28 transactions and one amended Form 3 · ADP Management Corporation, an entity controlled by Mr. Derrick, our Executive Chairman, filed one Form 3 · Mr. Peterson, a director and our Vice President of Finance, filed one Form 4 reporting 18 transactions and one Form 3 · Tyumen Holdings, LLC, an entity controlled by Mr. Peterson, a director and our Vice President of Finance, filed one Form 3 29 · Mr. Welgos, a director, filed one Form 4 reporting 12 transactions · Mr. Martin, a former director, filed one Form 4 reporting 14 transactions · Mr. Johnson, a former director, filed one Form 4 reporting six transactions · Mr. Jones, our interim Chief Executive Officer, filed one Form 4 reporting four transactions and one Form 3 · Mr. Bratsman, our Chief Financial Officer, filed one Form 4 reporting three transactions · Mr. Acton, our former Chief Financial Officer, filed one Form 4 reporting 14 transactions · Mr. Meador, our President of Sales, filed one Form 4 reporting five transactions · Mr. Olson, our former Chief Technology Officer and Chief Operating Officer, filed one Form 4 reporting five transactions and one Form 3 Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our certificate of incorporation provides that we will indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, or DGCL. We expect to obtain directors’ and officers’ liability insurance that insures such persons against the costs of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment under certain circumstances. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be liable for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty. We entered into indemnification agreements with each of our executive officers and directors. The indemnification agreements provide the executive officers and directors with contractual rights to indemnification, expense advancement and reimbursement, to the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL. There is no pending litigation or proceeding naming any of our directors or officers to which indemnification is being sought, and we are not aware of any pending or threatened litigation that may result in claims for indemnification by any director or officer. As previously reported in our Form 10-Q filed August 19, 2014, our Executive Chairman, David G. Derrick, self-reported to the SEC certain related-party transactions and disclosure deficiencies at SecureAlert that occurred while Mr. Derrick was the Chief Executive Officer and a director of SecureAlert. The adjustments were determined by the auditors of SecureAlert to be immaterial but were nonetheless reflected in SecureAlert’s quarterly report on Form 10-Q/A for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. Subsequent to August 19, 2014, on November 24, 2014, Administrative Proceedings were filed against Mr. Derrick for alleged violations of the Securities Act of 1933, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and certain rules thereunder. On December 8, 2014 a Joint Prehearing Conference Statement was submitted stipulating procedural dates. We are not the subject of or otherwise involved in the SEC’s investigation. The proceedings are not directed at us or any of our other employees or directors. We cannot predict the outcome of the matter with the SEC. At this time, we do not expect these proceedings to materially affect with our day-to-day operations. Board of Directors Election and Vacancies Directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders and until their successors have been elected or appointed and duly qualified. Vacancies on the board which are created by the retirement, resignation or removal of a director may be filled by the vote of the remaining members of the board, with such new director serving the remainder of the term or until his successor shall be elected and qualify. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following tables set forth information as of January 12, 2015 (the “Table Date”) by: · each person or group who is known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; · each of our Named Executive Officers serving as of such date; · each of our directors; and · all of the executive officers and directors as a group. Beneficial ownership for the purposes of the following table is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. These rules generally provide that a person is the beneficial owner of securities if such person has or shares the power to vote or direct the voting thereof, or to dispose or direct the disposition thereof or has the right to acquire such powers within 60 days. Common stock subject to options that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of the table date is deemed to be outstanding and beneficially owned by the person holding the options. These shares, however, are not deemed outstanding for the purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 47,264,183 shares of common stock outstanding as of the table date. Except as disclosed in the footnotes to this table and subject to applicable community property laws, we believe that each stockholder identified in the table possesses sole voting and investment power over all shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by the stockholder. Unless otherwise indicated in the table or footnotes below, the address for each beneficial owner is c/o ActiveCare, Inc., 1365 West Business Park Drive, Orem, Utah 84058. 30 5% Stockholders Amount and Nature of Beneficial Title of Class Name and A ddress of Beneficial Owner Ownership Percent of Class Common Advance Technology Investors LLC (1) 4,961,778 10.42% 154 Rock Hill Road Spring Valley, NY 10977 Executive Officers and Directors Amount and Nature of Beneficial Title of Class Name and A ddress of Beneficial Owner Ownership Percent of Class Common Jeffery Peterson (2) 12,524,907 26.47% Common David G. Derrick (3) 9,132,664 19.35% Common Michael Jones (4) 1,080,680 2.29% Common William K. Martin (5) 836,266 1.77% Common Marc C Bratsman (6) 690,692 1.46% Common Darrell Meador (7) 567,174 1.20% Common Robert J. Welgos (8) 269,403 0.57% Common James G. Carter (9) 199,736 0.42% Common Jack Johnson (10) 15,000 0.03% All executive officers and directors as a group (9 persons) (11) 25,316,522 53.57% (1) Includes 4,511,778 shares of common stock, and options to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock, owned by Advanced Technology Investors LLC (“ATI”) and its related entity. By agreement, ATI may not vote or take delivery of common shares that would result in ATI becoming the beneficial owner of more than 9.99% of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company at any given time. (2) Includes 12,399,907 shares of common stock and 25,000 shares of Series D preferred stock, which are convertible to 125,000 shares of common stock, owned by Mr. Jeffrey Peterson, a director and our Vice President of Finance, and entities that are controlled by him. Of the total shares of common stock owned or controlled by Mr. Peterson, 6,554,776 shares are held by Tyumen Holdings, LLC, 2,862,966 shares by Wynnman’s Hill, LLC, 2,566,386 shares by Bluestone Advisors, LLC, 239,259 shares by Keystone Partners, LLC, 156,250 shares by Rimrock Capital, LLC, and 20,270 shares by Banyan Investment Company, LLC. (3) Includes 9,132,664 shares of common stock owned by Mr. David G. Derrick, Executive Chairman of our Board of Directors, and entities that are controlled by him. Of the total shares of common stock owned or controlled by Mr. Derrick, 9,090,908 shares are held by ADP Management Corporation, 37,006 shares by Purizer Corporation, and 4,750 shares by Mr. Derrick. (4) Includes 1,080,680 shares of common stock, owned by Mr. Michael Jones, our President and Interim Chief Executive Officer. (5) Includes 721,266 shares of common stock and options to purchase 115,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. William K. Martin, a former member of our Board of Directors, and entities that are controlled by him. Of the total shares of common stock owned or controlled by Mr. Martin, 582,888 shares are held by Zenith Holding Ltd and 138,378 shares by Mr. Martin. (6) Includes 690,692 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Marc C Bratsman, our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary-Treasurer. (7) Includes 393,841 shares of common stock and 173,333 warrants owned by Mr. Darrell Meador, our President of Sales. (8) Includes 269,403 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Robert J. Welgos, a member of our Board of Directors. 31 (9) Includes 184,736 shares of common stock and options to purchase 15,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. James G. Carter, a former member of our Board of Directors. (10) Includes 15,000 shares of common stock owned by Mr. Jack Johnson, a former member of our Board of Directors. (11) Duplicate entries eliminated. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Related-Party Transactions Related-Party Notes Payable As of September 30, 2014, we owed $2,016,532 of notes payable to two of our officers, one of our board members, one of our former officers and one of our former board members, or entities controlled by each, with annual interest rates ranging from 12% to 18%. Four entities controlled by Jeffrey Peterson, Vice President of Finance, Banyan Investment Company, LLC, Keystone Partners, LLC, The Mark and Nancy Peterson Foundation and Rimrock Capital, LLC, were owed notes payable totaling $1,639,500. Michael Jones, interim Chief Executive Officer, was owed a note payable of $13,644. An entity under control of David Derrick, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, ADP Management Corporation, was owed notes payable totaling $306,667. Michael Acton, our former Chief Financial Officer, was owed a note payable of $30,000. Bill Martin, a former director, was owed a note payable of $26,721. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, we also issued options to purchase 650,000 shares of common stock to related parties exercisable at a price of $1.10 per share, which were later reduced to an exercise price of $0.00 and exercised, and 168,630 shares of common stock to related parties with total value of $169,963 at the date of grant related to notes payable. During fiscal year 2014, we repaid $1,137,166 of principal and $11,859 of interest on related-party notes payable to one of our officers and one of our former officers, or entities controlled or relatives thereof. We paid five entities controlled by Jeffrey Peterson, Vice President of Finance, Wynnman’s Hill, LLC, Banyan Investment Company, LLC, Keystone Partners, LLC, The Mark and Nancy Peterson Foundation and Rimrock Capital, LLC, $717,166 of principal, $567,166 of which was loaned to us during the year, and $1,972 of interest. We paid Michael Acton, our former Chief Financial Officer, and his spouse $420,000 of principal, $407,000 of which was loaned to us during the year, and $9,887 of interest. As of September 30, 2013, we owed notes payable totaling $1,896,135 of related-party notes to four of our officers, or entities controlled by officers, and one of our board members, with annual interest rates ranging from 12% to 18%. Two entities controlled by Jeffrey Peterson, Vice President of Finance, Wynnman’s Hill, LLC and Bluestone Advisors, LLC, were owed notes payable totaling $1,637,770 and all notes were repaid or converted to common stock subsequent to year end. An entity under control of David Derrick, Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, ADP Management Corporation, was owed a note payable of $175,000 and $160,000 was converted to common stock subsequent to year end. Michael Acton, Chief Financial Officer, was owed a note payable of $43,000. Bill Martin, former director, was owed a note payable of $26,721. Michael Jones, interim Chief Executive Officer, was owed a note payable of $13,644. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013, we also issued 341,000 warrants exercisable at a price of $0.10 per share and 80,000 shares of Series D preferred stock with total value of $347,130 at the date of grant related to notes payable. Loan Conversion and Preferred Stock Conversion During fiscal year 2014, we entered into loan conversion agreements with related parties. We issued 3,197,119 shares of common stock for the conversion of notes payable representing principal and interest in the amount of $1,945,500. During fiscal year 2014, we entered into Series D preferred stock conversion agreements with related parties. We issued 4,391,667 shares of common stock for the conversion of 627,381 shares of Series D preferred stock. Cash Advances As of September 30, 2014, we owed $785,000 to three entities controlled by Jeffrey Peterson, our Vice President of Finance, Banyan Investment Company, LLC, Blackhawk Properties LLC and The Mark and Nancy Peterson Foundation, and $60,000 to an entity controlled by David Derrick, our Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors, ADP Management Corporation. These amounts are recorded in accounts payable, related-party. During fiscal year 2014, we received cash advances totaling $885,000 from three entities controlled by Jeffrey Peterson, our Vice President of Finance, and repaid $100,000 of the receipts. We also received cash advances totaling $135,000 from an entity controlled by David Derrick, our Executive Chairman, and repaid $75,000 of the receipts. Indemnification Agreements We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our current directors and executive officers. These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law against liabilities that may arise by reason of their service to us, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be indemnified. We also intend to enter into indemnification agreements with our future directors and executive officers. 32 Procedures for Related-Party Transactions Under our code of business conduct and ethics adopted in June 2009, our employees, officers and directors are discouraged from entering into any transaction that may cause a conflict of interest for us. In addition, they must report any potential conflict of interest, including related-party transactions, to their managers or our corporate counsel who then reviews and summarizes the proposed transaction for our audit committee. Pursuant to its charter, our audit committee is required to then approve any related-party transactions, including those transactions involving our directors. In approving or rejecting such proposed transactions, the audit committee will be required to consider the relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant to the audit committee, including the material terms of the transactions, risks, benefits, costs, availability of other comparable services or products and, if applicable, the impact on a director’s independence. Our audit committee will approve only those transactions that, in light of known circumstances, are in, or are not inconsistent with, our best interests, as our audit committee determines in the good faith exercise of its discretion. A copy of our code of business conduct and ethics and audit committee charter are available on our corporate website at www.activecare.com . Corporate Governance and Director Independence Board Composition Our business and affairs are managed under the direction of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors is comprised of three directors, one of which (Mr. Welgos) is independent within the meaning of the Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. This means that the Board of Directors has determined that this director (1) is not an officer or employee of ActiveCare or its subsidiary and (2) has no direct or indirect relationship with ActiveCare that would interfere with the exercise of his independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. We have determined that it is in our best interest to have directors who would meet the requirements of being “independent” under the rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market. Board Committees Our Board of Directors has established an audit committee and a compensation committee. The composition and responsibilities of each committee are described below. Members serve on these committees until their resignation or until otherwise determined by our Board of Directors. Audit Committee Our audit committee consists of one of independent director, Mr. Welgos. Mr. Welgos serves as chair of the audit committee and is considered to be the financial expert on that committee. Our Board of Directors and the Company plan to add additional independent directors to fill vacant positions on the audit committee. Our audit committee has responsibility for, among other things: · selecting and hiring our independent registered public accounting firm, and approving the audit and non-audit services to be performed by and the fees to be paid to our independent registered public accounting firm; · evaluating the qualifications, performance and independence of our independent registered public accounting firm; · monitoring the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements as they relate to financial statements or accounting matters; · reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal control policies and procedures; · discussing the scope and results of the audit with the independent registered public accounting firm and reviewing with management and the independent registered public accounting firm our interim and year-end operating results; and · preparing the audit committee report required by the SEC, to be included in our annual proxy statement. As indicated above, our Board of Directors has affirmatively determined that Mr. Welgos meets the definition of “independent director” for purposes of serving on an audit committee under applicable SEC rules, and we intend to comply with these independence requirements within the time periods specified. In addition, the Board of Directors has determined that Mr. Welgos meets the standards established by the SEC to qualify as a “financial expert” under Item 407 of Regulation S-K under the Securities Act. Our Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for our audit committee, which is available on our corporate website at www.activecare.com. 33 Compensation Committee Our compensation committee consists of two directors: Mr. Welgos, an independent director, and Mr. Peterson, who is also our Vice President of Finance. Mr. Welgos serves as chair of the compensation committee. Our Board of Directors and the Company plan to add additional independent directors to fill vacant positions on the compensation committee. The compensation committee is responsible for, among other things: · reviewing and approving compensation of our executive officers including annual base salary, annual incentive bonuses, specific goals, equity compensation, employment agreements, severance and change in control arrangements, and any other benefits, compensation or arrangements; · reviewing succession planning for our executive officers; · reviewing and recommending compensation goals, bonus and stock compensation criteria for our employees; · preparing the compensation committee report required by the SEC to be included in our annual proxy statement; and · administering, reviewing and making recommendations with respect to our equity compensation plans. Our Board of Directors has adopted a written charter for our compensation committee, which is available on our corporate website at www.activecare.com . Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics applicable to our principal executive, financial and accounting officers and all persons performing similar functions. A copy of that code is available on our corporate website at www.activecare.com . We expect that any amendments to such code, or any waivers of its requirements, will be disclosed on our website. Meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees The Board of Directors is elected by and is accountable to our stockholders. The Board establishes policy and provides our strategic direction, oversight, and control. The Board met four times during fiscal year 2014. All directors attended 100% of the meetings of the Board and the Board committees of which they are members. The Board performed acts by unanimous written consent in lieu of a meeting 10 times during fiscal year 2014. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services Audit Related Fees, Tax Fees, Audit Related Fees, and All Other Fees Audit services consist of the audit of our annual consolidated financial statements, and other services related to filings and registration statements filed by us and other pertinent matters. During the years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, Tanner LLC (“Tanner”) performed audit and audit related services including the audit of the annual consolidated financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for 2014 and 2013, reviews of the quarterly financial information and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. Tanner did not perform any financial information systems design and implementation services for the Company. Tanner incurred fees of $263,800 and $176,300 for audit services and $0 and $0 for audit-related services with respect to the years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Auditor Independence Our audit committee considered that the work done for us in fiscal year 2014 by Tanner was compatible with maintaining that firm’s independence. Tanner has advised us that it has no direct or indirect financial interest in the Company or in any of its subsidiaries and that it has had, during the last three years, no connection with the Company or any of its subsidiaries, other than as independent auditors or in connection with certain other activities, as described above. Report of the Audit Committee The Audit Committee oversees the Company’s financial reporting process on behalf of the Board of Directors. Management has the primary responsibility for the financial statements and the reporting process, including the systems of internal control. The director who serves on the Audit Committee is independent for purposes of applicable SEC Rules. The Audit Committee operates under a written charter that has been adopted by the Board of Directors. 34 We have reviewed and discussed with management and Tanner the audited financial statements for the year ended September 30, 2014. The Audit Committee has discussed with Tanner the matters that are required to be discussed under PCAOB standards. Tanner has provided to the Audit Committee the written disclosures and the letter required by applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent registered public accounting firm’s communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence, and the committee has discussed with Tanner that firm’s independence. The Audit Committee has concluded that Tanner is independent from the Company and its management. Based on our review and discussions referred to above, we have recommended to the Board of Directors that the audited financial statements of the Company be included in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014, for filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Respectfully submitted by the Audit Committee: Robert J. Welgos, Chair PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form: 1. Financial Statements—all consolidated financial statements of the Company as set forth under Item 8, of this Form 10-K. 2. Financial Statement Schedules. [N/A, because the required information is included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or Notes thereto, or is not applicable.] 3. Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed herewith or are incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the Commission: 35 Exhibit No . Title of Document (3)(i) Certificate of Designations of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series F Variable Rate Convertible Preferred Stock * (10)(i) Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 16, 2013 * (10)(ii) Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Stock * (10)(iii) Form of Exchange Agreement * (10)(iv) Form of Loan Conversion Agreement * (10)(v) Form of Preferred Stock Series C and Series D Conversion Notice * (10)(vi) Form of Stock Purchase Warrant * (10)(vii) Employment Agreement with David Derrick, former Chief Executive Officer. * (10)(viii) Common Stock Purchase Warrant Agreement with David Derrick, former Chief Executive Officer.* (10)(ix) Office Lease Agreement between the Company and Countryview Properties, LLC.* (10)(x) Director Jack Johnson’s resignation letter * (10)(xi) Form of Amendment Agreement for exhibit number (10)(viii) and (10)(ix) * (10)(xii) Information statement to amend articles of incorporation to increase authorized shares * (10)(xiii) Information statement reagarding departure and appointment of certain officers * (10)(xiv) Information statement reagarding departure and appointment of Chief Financial Officer * (10)(xv) Information statement reagarding departure of a director * (10)(xvi) Information statement reagarding departure and appointment of interim Chief Executive Officer * (10)(xvii) Form of Agreement for Purchase and Sale of Monitoring Accounts dated December 12, 2014* (10)(xviii) Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation for exhibit number (3)(i) (10)(xix) Form of Dividend Agreement related to exhibit number (10)(xviii) (31)(i) Certifications of Interim Chief Executive (Principal Executive) Officer under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) (31)(ii) Certifications of Chief Financial (Principal Financial and Accounting) Officer under Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) (32)(i) Certification of Interim Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.Section 1350 (32)(ii) Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.Section 1350 * Previously filed. 36 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ActiveCare, Inc. Date: January 13, 2015 By: /s/ Michael Z. Jones Michael Z. Jones, Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Michael Z. Jones Interim Chief Executive Officer January 13, 2015 Michael Z. Jones (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ David G. Derrick Director and Executive Chairman January 13, 2015 David G. Derrick /s/ Jeffrey Peterson Jeffrey Peterson Director and Vice President of Finance January 13, 2015 /s/ Robert J. Welgos Robert J. Welgos Director January 13, 2015 /s/ Marc C Bratsman Chief Financial Officer Marc C Bratsman (principal financial officer) January 13, 2015 (principal accounting officer) 37 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit for the Years Ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 F - 1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders of ActiveCare, Inc. We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ActiveCare, Inc. and subsidiaries (collectively, the Company) as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended. These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of ActiveCare, Inc. and subsidiaries as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, and the results of their operations and their cash flows for the years then ended in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has recurring losses, negative cash flows from operating activities, negative working capital, negative total equity, and certain debt that is in default. These conditions, among others, raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans regarding these matters are also discussed in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. /s/ Tanner LLC Salt Lake City, Utah January 13, 2015 F - 2 ActiveCare, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets As of September 30, 2014 and 2013 2014 2013 Assets Current assets: Cash $ 197,027 $ 223,835 Accounts receivable, net 1,635,660 1,852,328 Inventory 1,649,320 4,677,526 Prepaid expenses and other 141,087 38,998 Assets of discontinued operations 712,403 - Total current assets 4,335,497 6,792,687 Goodwill 825,894 825,894 Property and equipment, net 220,076 296,729 Deposits and other assets 29,594 106,950 Domain name, net 10,724 11,440 Customer contracts, net - 57,220 Patents, net - - Assets of discontinued operations - 2,217,852 Total assets $ 5,421,785 $ 10,308,772 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F - 3 ActiveCare, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (continued) As of September 30, 2014 and 2013 2014 2013 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 4,549,451 $ 6,621,234 Accounts payable, related-party 1,109,775 251,386 Accrued expenses 1,451,331 708,519 Notes payable, related-party 1,669,620 1,892,415 Current portion of notes payable 1,212,937 1,278,585 Dividends payable 246,738 3,471 Derivatives liability 106,444 795,151 Total current liabilities 10,346,296 11,550,761 Notes payable, net of current portion 219,048 1,055,918 Total liabilities 10,565,344 12,606,679 Stockholders’ deficit: Preferred stock, $.00001 par value: 10,000,000 shares authorized; 0 and 480,000 shares of Series C; 45,000 and 938,218 shares of Series D; 70,070 and 61,723 shares of Series E; and 5,361 and 0 shares of Series F, respectively 1 15 Common stock, $.00001 par value: 200,000,000 shares authorized; 45,815,351 and 21,775,303 shares outstanding, respectively 458 218 Additional paid-in capital, common and preferred 73,183,429 62,519,544 Accumulated deficit (78,327,447 ) (64,817,684 ) Total stockholders’ deficit (5,143,559 ) (2,297,907 ) Total liabilities and stockholders’ deficit $ 5,421,785 $ 10,308,772 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F - 4 ActiveCare, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations For the Years Ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 2014 2013 Chronic illness monitoring revenues $ 6,107,941 $ 4,245,404 Chronic illness monitoring cost of revenues 6,437,943 3,323,011 Gross profit (loss) (330,002 ) 922,393 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative (including $3,585,379 and $3,446,827, respectively, of stock-based compensation) 9,800,374 8,752,277 Research and development 215,074 605,170 Total operating expenses 10,015,448 9,357,447 Loss from operations (10,345,450 ) (8,435,054 ) Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on derivatives liability 373,293 (333,406 ) Loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock (114,098 ) (9,355,587 ) Interest expense, net (1,936,039 ) (5,583,932 ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment (42,094 ) (200,149 ) Other income (expense): 55,368 (45,011 ) Total other income (expense) (1,663,570 ) (15,518,085 ) Loss from continuing operations (12,009,020 ) (23,953,139 ) Loss from discontinued operations (1,452,567 ) (3,184,463 ) Net loss (13,461,587 ) (27,137,602 ) Deemed dividends on conversion of preferred stock to common stock (2,234,924 ) - Dividends on preferred stock (737,138 ) (320,868 ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders $ (16,433,649 ) $ (27,458,470 ) Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Continuing operations $ (0.43 ) $ (3.30 ) Discontinued operations (0.04 ) (0.43 ) Net loss per common share $ (0.47 ) $ (3.73 ) Weighted average common shares outstanding – basic and diluted 35,010,000 7,369,000 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F - 5 ActiveCare, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit For the Years Ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 Preferred Stock Additional Series C Series D Series E Series F Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance, September 30, 2012 480,000 $ 5 386,103 $ 4 - $ - - $ - 4,636,977 $ 46 $ 29,643,769 $ (37,359,214 ) $ (7,715,390 ) Issuance of common stock for: Services - - - - - - - - 1,579,632 16 475,484 - 475,500 Accrued expenses - - - - - - - - 166,200 2 225,298 - 225,300 Loan origination fees - - - - - - - - 189,345 2 334,265 - 334,267 Debt conversion - - - - - - - - 13,439,190 134 18,466,989 - 18,467,123 Cash - - - - - - - - 1,313,334 13 1,838,820 - 1,838,833 Dividends - - - - - - - - 200,625 2 251,562 - 251,564 Conversion of Series D preferred stock - - (50,000 ) (1 ) - - - - 250,000 3 (2 ) - - Issuance of Series D preferred stock for: Services - - 484,185 5 - - - - - - 1,800,526 - 1,800,531 Loan origination fees - - 103,843 1 - - - - - - 817,482 - 817,483 Dividends - - 14,087 - - - - - - - 66,881 - 66,881 Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions - - - - 61,723 1 - - - - 614,764 - 614,765 Stock-based compensation - - - - - - - - - - 1,750,274 - 1,750,274 Issuance of options for: Loan origination fees - - - - - - - - - - 289,732 - 289,732 Services - - - - - - - - - - 202,572 - 202,572 Derivatives liability - - - - - - - - - - 4,417,456 - 4,417,456 Beneficial conversion features on debt - - - - - - - - - - 1,323,672 - 1,323,672 Net loss - - - - - - - - - - - (27,137,602 ) (27,137,602 ) Dividends on preferred stock - - - - - - - - - - - (320,868 ) (320,868 ) Balance, September 30, 2013 480,000 $ 5 938,218 $ 9 61,723 $ 1 - $ - 21,775,303 $ 218 $ 62,519,544 $ (64,817,684 ) $ (2,297,907 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F - 6 ActiveCare, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Deficit (continued) For the Years Ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 Preferred Stock Additional Series C Series D Series E Series F Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance, September 30, 2013 480,000 $ 5 938,218 $ 9 61,723 $ 1 - $ - 21,775,303 $ 218 $ 62,519,544 $ (64,817,684 ) $ (2,297,907 ) Issuance of common stock for: Services - - - - - - - - 10,896,970 109 749,896 - 750,005 Finance fees - - - - - - - - 349,822 3 41,888 - 41,891 Loan origination fees - - - - - - - - 161,738 1 163,069 - 163,070 Debt conversions - - - - - - - - 3,712,549 37 2,447,889 - 2,447,926 Dividends and related interest - - - - - - - - 271,343 3 148,241 - 148,244 Option exercises - - - - - - - - 1,723,100 17 541,222 - 541,239 Conversion of Series C preferred stock (480,000 ) (5 ) - - - - - - 672,000 7 (2 ) - - Conversion of Series D preferred stock - - (893,218 ) (9 ) - - - - 6,252,526 63 (54 ) - - Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions - - - - 8,347 - - - - - 83,473 - 83,473 Issuance of Series F preferred stock for: Debt conversions - - - - - - 858 - - - 574,592 - 574,592 Cash, net - - - - - - 4,503 - - - 2,175,002 1,405,769 3,580,771 Stock-based compensation - - - - - - - - - - 2,051,758 - 2,051,758 Issuance of options for: Debt conversions - - - - - - - - - - 590,887 - 590,887 Services - - - - - - - - - - 263,117 - 263,117 Beneficial conversion features on debt - - - - - - - - - - 116,100 - 116,100 Amortization of Series F preferred stock as dividends - - - - - - - - - - 716,807 (716,807 ) - Net loss - - - - - - - - - - - (13,461,587 ) (13,461,587 ) Dividends on preferred stock - - - - - - - - - - - (737,138 ) (737,138 ) Balance, September 30, 2014 - $ - 45,000 $ - 70,070 $ 1 5,361 $ - 45,815,351 $ 458 $ 73,183,429 $ (78,327,447 ) $ (5,143,559 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F - 7 ActiveCare, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the Years Ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 2014 2013 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss $ (13,461,587 ) $ (27,137,602 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 1,122,862 1,232,734 (Gain) loss on derivatives liability (373,293 ) 333,406 Stock-based compensation expense 3,378,938 2,159,828 Stock and warrants issued for services 206,441 1,286,999 Stock and warrants issued for interest expense 883,118 601,220 Amortization of debt discounts 919,032 3,097,009 Loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock 114,098 9,355,587 Impairment of long-lived assets 497,792 - Loss on disposal of property and equipment 61,239 200,149 Gain on sale of discontinued operations - (55,096 ) Inventory reduction for obsolescence 1,660,729 - Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 216,668 (1,290,312 ) Inventory 1,367,477 (4,440,258 ) Prepaid expenses and other (48,494 ) (16,822 ) Accounts payable (1,193,106 ) 5,787,603 Accrued expenses 157,652 23,174 Deposits and other assets 77,355 (82,316 ) Net cash used in operating activities (4,413,079 ) (8,944,697 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment (70,043 ) (249,771 ) Cash used to dispose of property and equipment (29,078 ) - Purchases of equipment leased to customers - (235,917 ) Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations - 184,318 Proceeds from sale of equipment - 4,900 Net cash used in investing activities (99,121 ) (296,470 ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock, net 3,580,771 - Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net - 981,500 Proceeds from related-party notes payable, net 2,801,166 5,720,799 Proceeds from notes payable, net 680,000 3,790,496 Principal payments on related-party notes payable (1,204,166 ) (198,606 ) Principal payments on notes payable (1,036,809 ) (1,341,755 ) Payment of dividends (335,570 ) (17,271 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 4,485,392 8,935,163 Net decrease in cash (26,808 ) (306,004 ) Cash, beginning of the year 223,835 529,839 Cash, end of the year $ 197,027 $ 223,835 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F - 8 ActiveCare, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) For the Years Ended September 30, 2014 and 2013 2014 2013 Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest $ 219,717 $ 745,423 Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Related-party notes payable converted to common stock $ 1,782,738 $ - Dividends on preferred stock and related interest 737,138 320,868 Notes payable converted to preferred stock 633,254 - Issuance of stock and options for loan origination fees 370,633 2,252,376 Conversion of notes payable into common stock 325,000 - Liability to issue shares of common stock for loan origination fees 234,793 - Issuance of stock for dividends 144,642 318,445 Reclassification of derivatives liability to equity - 4,484,801 Conversion of notes payable to debentures - 1,920,797 Issuance of derivatives - 1,410,147 Issuance of common and prefered stock for settlement of liabilities - 991,750 Issuance of stock for prepaid expenses - 14,899 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. F - 9 ActiveCare, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements September 30, 2014 and 2013 1. Organization and Nature of Operations ActiveCare, Inc. (“ActiveCare”) was formed March 5, 1998 as a wholly owned subsidiary of SecureAlert, Inc. dba Track Group [OTCQB: SCRA], a Utah corporation, formerly known as RemoteMDx, Inc. (“SecureAlert”). ActiveCare was spun off from SecureAlert in February 2009 and SecureAlert retained no ownership interest in ActiveCare. In July 2009, ActiveCare was reincorporated in Delaware. ActiveCare (the “Company”) provides products and services to those diagnosed with chronic illnesses, provides real-time visibility to health conditions and risk, and has a unique active approach in caring for members. Going Concern The Company continues to incur negative cash flows from operating activities and net losses. The Company had negative working capital and negative total equity as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 and is in default with respect to certain debt. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In order for the Company to eliminate substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, it must achieve profitability, generate positive cash flows from operating activities and obtain the necessary debt or equity funding to meet its projected capital investment requirements. Management’s plans with respect to this uncertainty consist of raising additional capital by issuing debt or equity securities and increasing the sales of the Company’s services and products. During fiscal year 2014, the Company (1) completed the sale of Series F convertible preferred stock (“Series F preferred stock”) for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs; (2) converted $2,326,801 of debt and accrued interest to common stock; (3) converted $574,592 of debt and accrued interest to Series F preferred stock; and (4) converted $83,473 of debt and accrued interest to Series E preferred stock. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise sufficient additional capital or that revenues will increase rapidly enough to offset operating losses. If the Company is unable to increase revenues or obtain additional financing, it will be unable to continue the development of its products and services and may have to cease operations. 2. Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information The Company restated its consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 to correct the accounting related to revenue recognition for chronic illness monitoring supplies shipped to distributors, as filed in its Form 10-K/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2014. Specifically, it was determined better practice to defer revenue recognition until the products are shipped to the end users as opposed to the distributors, even though the distributors had taken title to the products and there were no significant rights of return. The corrections deferred the recognition of revenue until later periods and did not impact cash flows related to these transactions. The consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 were restated to properly reflect revenue, cost of revenue, inventory and other related balance sheet accounts related to the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment. See Form 10-K/A filed on November 12, 2014 for reconciliations of the amounts as originally reported to the corresponding restated amounts. F - 10 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Principles of Accounting and Consolidation These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“US GAAP”). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of ActiveCare and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates. In May 2013, the Company effected a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split. The consolidated financial statements and notes for all periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse common stock split. Discontinued Operations In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment to a third party. Additional equipment in stock was sold to another third party pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to CareServices of $1,452,567 and $3,179,151, respectively. In June 2013, the Company sold the net assets and operations of its reagents segment to a third party for $184,318 in cash. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to its reagents segment of $0 and $5,312, respectively. F - 11 Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company measured the fair values of its assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair values due to the short-term nature and liquidity of these financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on current market pricing models. The carrying amounts reported for notes payable approximate fair value because the underlying instruments are at interest rates which approximate current market rates. Concentrations of Credit Risk The Company has cash in bank accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in these accounts. In the normal course of business, the Company provides credit terms to its customers and requires no collateral. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers’ financial condition. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon management’s specific review and assessment of each account at the period end. During fiscal year 2014, the Company had revenues from two significant customers which represented 67% of total revenues. During fiscal year 2013, the Company had revenues from one significant customer which represented 44% of total revenues. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, accounts receivable from significant customers represented 80% and 82% of total accounts receivable, respectively. During the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company purchased substantially all of its products and supplies from one vendor. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful accounts. Specific reserves are estimated by management based on certain assumptions and variables, including the customer’s financial condition, age of the customer’s receivables and changes in payment histories. Accounts receivable are written off when management determines the likelihood of collection is remote. A receivable is considered to be past due if any portion of the receivable balance has not been received by the contractual payment date. Interest is not charged on accounts receivable that are past due. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $115,994 and $76,544 as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Inventory Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market, cost being determined using the first-in, first-out (“FIFO”) method. Inventory is for the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment and consists of diabetic supplies. Inventory held by distributors is reported as inventory until the supplies are shipped to the end user by the distributor. The Company estimates an inventory reserve for obsolescence and excessive quantities. Due to competitive pressures and technological innovation, it is possible that estimates of net realizable values could change in the near term. Inventory consists of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Chronic Illness Monitoring Finished goods $ 589,423 $ 1,249,220 Finished goods held by distributors 2,720,626 3,428,306 Total inventory 3,310,049 4,677,526 Inventory reserve (1,660,729 ) - Net inventory $ 1,649,320 $ 4,677,526 Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range between 3 and 7 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the terms of the lease. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Upon the sale or disposal of property and equipment, any gains or losses are included in operations . F - 12 Goodwill Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The annual testing date is September 30. The identification and measurement of goodwill impairment involves the estimation of the fair value of our reporting units. The estimates of fair value of reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporate management assumptions about expected future cash flows. Future cash flows can be affected by changes in industry or market conditions. Goodwill was not impaired as of September 30, 2014 or 2013. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets, which range from two to twenty years. Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. The Company impaired its CareServices customer contracts by $89,460 and patents by $408,332 as of September 30, 2014, which were recorded as part of discontinued operations related to the CareServices segment for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The impairment of the customer contracts is due to their sales price being lower than the net book value as of the date of sale. The patents impaired were solely related to the CareServices segment and provide no future cash flows after the CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers were sold in December 2014. The Company’s other long-lived assets were not impaired as of September 30, 2014. No long-lived assets were impaired as of September 30, 2013. Revenue Recognition Historically, revenues were from three sources: (1) sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring services and supplies; (2) sales from CareServices; (3) sales of medical diagnostic stains from the Reagents segment. The CareServices segment was sold in December 2014 and the Reagents segment was sold in June 2013. Information regarding revenue recognition policies relating to these business segments is contained in the following paragraphs. Chronic Illness Monitoring Chronic Illness Monitoring revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the product or service to the end user has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. The Company enters into agreements with insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies (collectively, the customers) to lower medical expenses by distributing diabetic testing products and supplies to employees (end users) covered by their health plans or the health plans they manage. Cash is due from the customer or the end user’s health plan as the products and supplies are deployed to the end user. The Company also monitors the end user’s test results in real-time with its 24x7 CareCenter. Customers who are billed separately for monitoring are obligated to pay as the service is performed and revenue is recognized ratably over the period of the contract. The term of these contracts is generally one year and, unless terminated by either party, automatically renew for another year. Collection terms are net 30 days after claims are submitted. There is no contingent revenue in these contracts. The Company also enters into agreements with distributors who take title to products and distribute those products to end users. Delivery is considered to occur when the supplies are delivered by the distributor to the end user. Cash is due from the distributor, the customer or the end user’s health plan as initial products are deployed to the end user. Subsequent sales (resupplies) are shipped directly from the Company to the end user and cash is due from the customer or the end user’s health plan. Shipping and handling fees are typically not charged to end users. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues. Sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services contain multiple deliverables. F - 13 Multiple-Element Arrangements The Company evaluates each element in a multiple-element arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. In order to account for elements in a multiple-element arrangement as separate units of accounting, the deliverables must have stand-alone value upon delivery. In determining whether monitoring services have stand-alone value, the nature of the monitoring services, whether supplies are sold to new customers without monitoring services, and availability of monitoring services from the other vendors is considered. During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the Company began to provide enhanced monitoring services to a key customer, for which the Company receives a separate monthly monitoring fee. When multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separable into different units of accounting, the arrangement consideration is allocated to the identified separate units of accounting based on their relative selling prices. Multiple-element arrangements accounting guidance provides a hierarchy to use when determining the relative selling price for each unit of accounting. Vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of selling price, based on the price at which the item is regularly sold by the vendor on a stand-alone basis, should be used if it exists. If VSOE of selling price is not available, third-party evidence (TPE) of selling price is used to establish the selling price if it exists. If VSOE of selling price and TPE of selling price are not available, then the best estimate of selling price (BESP) is to be used. During 2014, VSOE was established for monitoring services. VSOE for supplies was previously established. Therefore, total consideration under a multiple deliverable contract is allocated to supplies and monitoring through application of the relative fair value method. CareServices “CareServices” include contracts in which the Company leases monitoring devices and provides monitoring services to end users. The Company typically enters into contracts on a month-to-month basis with end users that use CareServices. However, these contracts may be cancelled by either party at any time with 30-days notice. Under a standard contract, the device and service become billable on the date the end user orders the device, and remains billable until the device is returned to the Company. Revenue on devices is recognized at the end of each month the CareServices have been provided. In those circumstances in which payment is received in advance, the Company records these payments as deferred revenue. CareServices revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the device or service has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and payment has occurred or collection is reasonably assured. Shipping and handling fees are included as part of net revenues. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues. All CareServices sales are made with net 30-day payment terms. Reagents Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, the Company recognized reagents revenues when persuasive evidence of an arrangement with the customer existed, title had passed to the customer, prices were fixed or determinable, and collection was reasonably assured. Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, shipping and handling fees billed to customers were included in revenues and the related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to customers were included as a component of cost of revenues. Research and Development Costs All expenditures for research and development are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $215,074 and $605,170, respectively. The expenditures for fiscal year 2014 were for ongoing software improvements for the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system and customer portal. The expenditures for fiscal year 2013 were for the development of the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system. F - 14 Advertising Costs The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $48,778 and $59,330, respectively. Advertising expenses primarily relate to the Company’s Chronic Illness Monitoring segment. Income Taxes The Company recognizes deferred income tax assets or liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax assets or liabilities are determined based upon the difference between the financial reporting bases and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply when the differences are expected to be settled or realized. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability and valuation allowances are provided as necessary. As of September 30, 2014, management has provided a 100% allowance against deferred income tax assets as it is more likely than not these assets will not be realized. Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities, when incurred, are classified in interest expense and income tax provision, respectively. Warrant Exercises and Note Conversions The Company issues common shares in connection with warrant exercises when it has received verification that the proceeds have been deposited and when it has received an exercise letter from the warrant holder. The Company issues common shares in connection with note conversions after it verifies the outstanding note balance and the eligibility of conversion, and has received a conversion letter from the lender. Stock-Based Compensation The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. That cost is recognized in the statements of operations over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award – the requisite service period. The grant-date fair values of the equity instruments are estimated using option-pricing models adjusted for the unique characteristics of those instruments. Net Loss Per Common Share Basic net loss per common share (“Basic EPS”) is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted net loss per common share (“Diluted EPS”) is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the weighted-average dilutive common share equivalents then outstanding. The computation of Diluted EPS does not assume exercise or conversion of securities that would have an anti-dilutive effect. Common share equivalents consist of shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants, shares issuable from restricted stock grants, and shares issuable from convertible notes and convertible Series C, Series D, Series E and Series F preferred stock. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, there were 17,199,080 and 13,127,396 outstanding common share equivalents, respectively, that were not included in the computation of Diluted EPS as their effect would be anti-dilutive. The common stock equivalents outstanding consist of the following as of September 30: F - 15 2014 2013 Common stock options and warrants 10,991,576 3,598,554 Series C convertible preferred stock - 480,000 Series D convertible preferred stock 225,000 4,691,090 Series E convertible preferred stock 477,830 601,585 Series F convertible preferred stock 5,361,000 - Convertible debt 133,924 3,738,917 Restricted shares of common stock 9,750 17,250 Total common stock equivalents 17,199,080 13,127,396 Recent Accounting Pronouncements In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued ASU 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity . ASU 2014-08 states that only disposals representing strategic shifts in operations that have, or will have, a major effect on an entity’s operations should be reported as discontinued operations when any of the following occurs: The component of an entity or group of components of an entity is classified as held for sale, the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of by sale, or the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of other than by sale. ASU 2014-08 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing US GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . This standard sets forth management’s responsibility to evaluate, each reporting period, whether there is substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, and if so, to provide related footnote disclosures. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance and will incorporate it in its assessment of going concern. In November 2014, the FASB issued ASU, 2014-16, Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity . The ASU clarifies how current guidance should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. Specifically, the amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features, including the embedded derivative feature being evaluated for bifurcation, in evaluating the nature of a host contract. The ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity. 4. Discontinued Operations In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment. Additional equipment in stock was sold to the buyer pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. The sale included all segment assets that generated revenue related to the CareServices segment. The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in these assets and has ceased incurring costs related to the operations and development of the CareServices segment. This segment was engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile health monitoring and concierge services to distributors and consumers. The sale consisted solely of these CareServices assets. The debt secured by the CareServices customer contracts was amended in January 2015 and remains an obligation of the Company (see Note 20). There were no material liabilities of discontinued operations. Assets of discontinued operations consist of the following as of September 30: F - 16 2014 2013 Customer contracts, net (Note 5) $ 569,250 $ 1,377,301 Equipment leased to customers, net (Note 6) 111,435 273,631 Patents, net, (Note 7) 37,718 566,920 Total assets of discontinued operations $ 712,403 $ 2,217,852 In June 2013, the Company sold its assets and liabilities related to the reagents segment. This segment was engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing medical diagnostic stains, solutions and related equipment to hospitals and medical testing labs. The purchaser was a former employee. The sale consisted solely of the Company's reagents business. The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in the reagents segment and has ceased incurring costs related to its operations and development. The sale included all applicable segment assets and liabilities including, accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, property, equipment and leased equipment. The purchaser also assumed the lease for general office and warehouse space. As a result of the sale of the CareServices assets and the reagents business, the Company has reflected these two segments as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements for fiscal years 2014 and 2013. The following table summarizes certain operating data for discontinued operations for fiscal years 2014 and 2013: 2014 2013 Revenues: CareServices $ 1,003,238 $ 1,660,544 Reagents - 351,645 Total revenues 1,003,238 2,012,189 Cost of revenues: CareServices 881,753 2,325,226 Reagents - 300,396 Total cost of revenues 881,753 2,625,622 Gross profit (loss) 121,485 (613,433 ) Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses: CareServices (1,047,629 ) (2,287,368 ) Reagents - (111,657 ) Research and development for CareServices - (227,101 ) Total operating expenses (1,047,629 ) (2,626,126 ) Other income (expense): Impairment of long-lived assets (497,792 ) - Loss on disposal of property and equipment (18,746 ) - Other expense (9,885 ) - Gain on sale of discontinued operations - 55,096 Total other income (expense) (526,423 ) 55,096 Loss from discontinued operations $ (1,452,567 ) $ (3,184,463 ) 5. Customer Contracts The Company was amortizing Chronic Illness Monitoring customer contracts acquired during 2012 over their estimated useful lives (through 2014). As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the cost associated with these customer contracts was $214,106 and the accumulated amortization was $214,106 and $156,886, respectively. Amortization expense related to these contracts for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $57,220 and $114,440, respectively. The Company sold substantially all of the CareServices customer contracts during December 2014. The Company impaired the CareServices customer contracts as of September 30, 2014 by $89,460, which has been included as part of discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, customer contracts totalled $2,066,316 and $2,155,776, respectively, and the related accumulated amortization was $1,497,067 and $778,475, respectively. Amortization expense related to the CareServices segment for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $718,592 per year. The future customer contract amortization for CareServices as of September 30, 2014 is $179,648 which will be recognized between October 1, 2014 and the date of sale as part of discontinued operations (see Note 4). F - 17 6. Property and Equipment Property and equipment consist of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Leasehold improvements $ 151,287 $ 145,147 Software 100,574 87,361 Furniture 69,776 32,855 Equipment 54,732 255,339 Equipment leased to customers - - Total property and equipment 376,369 520,702 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (156,293 ) (223,973 ) Property and equipment, net $ 220,076 $ 296,729 Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amounts or fair values, less the estimated costs to sell or dispose. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded a loss on the disposal of assets of $61,239 and $200,149, respectively. The Company disposed of $25,832 of assets related to the sale of the reagents segment during fiscal year 2013. Subsequent to September 30, 2014, the Company sold all of its equipment leased to customers (see Note 4). Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $219,465 and $272,117, respectively. 7. Patent License Agreement During fiscal year 2009, the Company licensed the use of certain patents from a third party. Under the license agreement, the Company was required to pay $300,000 plus a 5% royalty on the net sales of all licensed products. As of September 30, 2009, the Company had capitalized the initial license fee as a long-term asset and had recorded a corresponding current liability as the fee was not yet paid. During fiscal year 2012, the Company agreed to purchase the related patents and settle amounts owed under the license agreement by issuing 600,000 shares of common stock and 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock. The patents were valued at $922,378, based on a valuation performed by an independent third party. The value of the common stock issued was $240,000, based on the market price of the common stock on the date of issuance. The implied value of the Series C was $682,378, which was based on the difference between the value of the patents and the common stock issued in settlement of the existing liability. The Company is amortizing the patents over their remaining useful lives. Amortization expense for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $126,870. The Company impaired the patents as of September 30, 2014 by $408,332, which has been included as part of discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 (see Note 4). As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the cost associated with the patents was $514,046 and $922,378, respectively, and the accumulated amortization was $482,328 and $355,458, respectively. The Company’s future patent amortization as of September 30, 2014, is $31,718 which will be recognized between October 1, 2014 and the date of sale, December 31, 2014, as part of discontinued operations. F - 18 8. Accrued Expenses Accrued expenses consist of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Liability to issue common stock $ 522,087 $ - Commissions and fees 453,744 88,490 Payroll expense 308,529 272,451 Deferred rent 89,346 55,242 Interest 59,091 211,722 Other 18,534 80,614 Total accrued expenses $ 1,451,331 $ 708,519 9. Notes Payable The Company had the following notes payable outstanding as of September 30: 2014 2013 Note payable secured by CareServices customer contracts, imputed interest rate of 12%, monthly installments over a 38-month term. In March 2013, the Company issued 15,000 shares of common stock to extend the term of the note. The $24,000 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the note. In January 2015, the note was amended (see Note 20). $ 1,103,841 $ 1,766,971 Secured borrowings from third parties that purchased a $337,600 customer receivable for $200,000. The Company may buy back the receivable for $233,333 less any cash payments before June 2015. The $33,333 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $20,000 of commission, paid to a related party, is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. 233,333 - Unsecured note payable with no interest, due March 2015. In connection with the issuance of the note, the Company issued warrants to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock. The $143,634 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. The note also requires a payment of 667,000 shares of common stock at the end of the term (fair value of $230,293), which is recorded as an accrued expense. 200,000 - Unsecured notes with interest at 15% (18% after due date), due April 2013. The Company issued 20,000 shares of Series D preferred stock as loan origination fees. The $195,000 fair value of the preferred stock was amortized over the original term of the note. Principal of $50,000 and accrued interest of $13,333 were converted to common stock in December 2013. 64,261 185,476 Notes payable with interest at 12%, secured by the Company's assets, due August 2014. The Company issued warrants to purchase 36,667 shares of common stock (fair value of $51,452) as due diligence fees and issued 25,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $31,250) to a related party as consideration for a personal guarantee. The notes and accrued interest were converted to Series F preferred stock in December 2013. - 550,000 Unsecured note with interest at 12%, due March 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013. - 250,000 Series A debenture loan payable with interest at 12%, secured by customer contracts, payable in monthly installments, and due February 2016. The debenture was converted to Series E preferred stock in October 2013. - 85,719 F - 19 2014 2013 Unsecured note with interest at 15%, due March 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013. $ - $ 25,000 Total notes payable before discount 1,601,435 2,863,166 Less discount (169,450 ) (528,663 ) Total notes payable 1,431,985 2,334,503 Less current portion (1,212,937 ) (1,278,585 ) Notes payable, net of current portion $ 219,048 $ 1,055,918 As of September 30, 2014, scheduled principal payments on notes payable are as follows: Years Ending September 30, 2015 $ 1,212,937 2016 219,048 $ 1,431,985 10. Related-Party Notes Payable The Company had the following related-party notes payable outstanding as of September 30: 2014 2013 Secured borrowings from entities controlled by an officer of the Company that purchased a $2,813,175 customer receivable for $1,710,500. The Company may buy back the receivable for $1,950,000 less cash received by the entities before March 2015. The $239,500 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $253,500 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. $ 1,639,500 $ - Secured borrowings from the Chairman of the Board of Directors who purchased a $422,000 customer receivable for $250,000. The Company may buy back the receivable for $291,667 less any cash payments before June 2015. The $41,667 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $25,000 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. 291,667 - Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due June 2012, currently in default. The note included a $3,000 loan origination fee added to the principal and is convertible into common stock at $0.50 per share. 30,000 33,000 Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013, currently in default, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share. 26,721 26,721 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by the Company’s Chairman, interest at 12%, due on demand, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share. The Company issued 17,500 shares of common stock as loan origination fees. The $26,250 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. In December 2013, $160,000 of the note was converted to common stock. 15,000 175,000 Unsecured note payable to an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due on demand. 13,644 13,644 F - 20 2014 2013 Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due September 2013. The Company issued 60,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $93,000) as loan origination fees. The notes and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. $ - $ 600,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013. The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $38,100) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 300,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013. The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $37,500) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 300,000 Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due April 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 200,000 Unsecured note payable with no interest to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 150,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12% (18% after due date), due June 2013. The Company issued 5,600 shares of Series D preferred stock (fair value of $56,252) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 82,500 Unsecured notes payable with no interest to an individual related to an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 10,000 Series B unsecured debenture to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due December 2015. The debenture and accrued interest were converted to common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 5,270 Total notes payable, related-party, before discount 2,016,532 1,896,135 Less discount (346,912 ) (3,720 ) Total notes payable, related-party $ 1,669,620 $ 1,892,415 11. Loss on Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock During 2014 and 2013, the Company offered an induced conversion rate to all debt holders of $0.75 of debt per share of common stock, which was below the market price of the stock. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, debt and accrued interest of approximately $381,000 and $10,004,000, respectively, were converted to shares of common stock. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, debt and accrued interest due to related parties of approximately $1,946,000 were converted to shares of common stock at $0.60 of debt per share of common stock, which was below the market price of the stock. The Company also offered the private placement of common stock to existing investors at $0.75 per share, which was below the market price. The difference between the offered price and the market price of all common stock issued was approximately $114,000 and $9,356,000 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and is recorded as a loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock. F - 21 12. Fair Value Measurements The Company measured the fair values of its assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy levels as follows: Level 1 The Company does not have any Level 1 inputs available to measure its assets. Level 2 The Company’s embedded derivative liabilities are measured on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs. Level 3 The Company’s goodwill is measured using Level 3 inputs. The Company’s embedded derivatives liability is re-measured to fair value as of each reporting date until the contingency is resolved. See Note 13 for more information about derivatives and the inputs used for calculating fair value 13. Derivatives Liability The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 was $106,444 and $795,151, respectively. The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2013 was eliminated due to the conversion of notes payable with variable conversion features. The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2014 is related to a variable conversion price adjustment on the Series F preferred stock. The conversion price on Series F preferred stock may be adjusted from $1.00 based on the number of subscribers as of December 31, 2014. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company estimated the fair value of the embedded derivatives prior to their conversion and elimination using a binomial option-pricing model with the following assumptions, according to the instrument: exercise price of $0.35 per share; risk free interest rate of 0.060%; expected life of 0.50 years; expected dividends of 0%; a volatility factor of 104%; and a stock price of $0.24. The expected lives of the instruments were equal to the average term of the conversion option. The expected volatility is based on the historical price volatility of the Company’s common stock. The risk-free interest rate represents the U.S. Treasury constant maturities rate for the expected life of the related conversion option. The dividend yield represents anticipated cash dividends to be paid over the expected life of the conversion option. The Company recognized a gain on derivatives liability for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 of $373,293 and a loss for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 of $333,406. 14. Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of $0.00001 per share. Pursuant to the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors has the authority to amend the Company’s Certificate of Incorporation, without further stockholder approval, to designate and determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the preferred stock before any issuance of the preferred stock and to create one or more series of preferred stock, fix the number of shares of each such series, and determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of each series of preferred stock, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, and liquidation preferences. Series C Convertible Preferred Stock As of September 30, 2013, the Company had 480,000 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding (“Series C preferred stock”). In December 2013, all 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock were converted to 672,000 shares of common stock. The conversion rate of 1.4 shares of common stock was greater than the designated conversion rate of one share of common stock and, therefore, the fair value of the additional 192,000 shares was recorded as a deemed dividend. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued $11,367 of dividends on Series C preferred stock and settled the accrued dividends by issuing 11,599 shares of common stock. The Series C preferred stock was non-voting. During fiscal year 2013, the Company issued 9,062 shares of Series D preferred stock for accrued dividends of $53,992 associated with Series C preferred stock. F - 22 Series D Convertible Preferred Stock The Board of Directors has designated 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series D convertible preferred stock (“Series D preferred stock”). The Series D preferred stock is voting on an as-converted basis. The Series D preferred stock has a dividend rate of 8%, payable quarterly. The Company may redeem the Series D preferred shares at a redemption price equal to 120% of the original purchase price with 15 days notice. In December 2013, 893,218 shares of Series D preferred stock were converted to 6,252,526 shares of common stock. The conversion rate of 7 shares of common stock was greater than the designated conversion rate of 5 shares of common stock and, therefore, the fair value of the additional 1,786,436 shares was recorded as a deemed dividend. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued $84,212 of dividends on Series D preferred stock and settled $77,961 of the accrued dividends by issuing 85,477 shares of common stock. During fiscal year 2013, the Company accrued $232,834 of dividends on Series D preferred stock and settled the accrued dividends by issuing 5,025 shares of Series D preferred stock and 143,465 shares of common stock. Series E Convertible Preferred Stock During fiscal year 2013, the Board of Directors designated shares of preferred stock as Series E convertible preferred stock (“Series E preferred stock”). Series E preferred stock is convertible into common stock at $1.00 per share, the conversion price is adjustable if there are distributions of common stock or stock splits by the Company. The designation also provides that the Series E preferred stock is non-voting and receives a monthly dividend of 3.322% for 25 to 32 months. In addition, the convertibility and the redemption price of the Series E preferred stock is gradually reduced by dividend payments over 25 to 32 months. After the dividend payment term, the redemption price of Series E preferred stock is $0, the Series E preferred stock has no convertibility to common stock and the holders are entitled to receive a pro-rata share of cumulative royalties totaling 4% of the Company’s gross profits payable quarterly for a two-year period. During fiscal year 2014, $83,473 of debenture loans and accrued interest converted into 8,347 shares of Series E preferred stock. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued dividends of $320,071 to Series E shareholders. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company paid dividends of $258,284 and $17,271, respectively, to Series E shareholders. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the redemption price for the Series E preferred stock was $477,829 and $601,585, respectively. Series F Convertible Preferred Stock During fiscal year 2014, the Board of Directors designated 7,803 shares of preferred stock as Series F convertible preferred stock (“Series F preferred stock”). In April 2014, the Company increased the authorized shares of Series F preferred stock to 10,000. Series F preferred stock is non-voting, has a stated value of $1,000 and is convertible into common stock at $1.00 per share subject to a milestone adjustment for the number of subscribers as of December 31, 2014 (see Note 12). The Series F preferred stock has a dividend rate, payable quarterly, of 8% until April 30, 2015, 16% from May 1, 2015 to July 31, 2015, 20% from August 1, 2015 to October 31, 2015 and 25% thereafter. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company issued 5,361 shares of Series F preferred stock for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs, and the conversion of $574,592 of debt and accrued interest. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued dividends of $322,730 to Series F shareholders. The Company settled $144,030 of dividends plus $3,601 of accrued interest on Series F preferred stock by paying $73,815 in cash and issuing 184,541 shares of common stock. Liquidation Preference Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, before any distribution or payment may be made to the holders of the common stock, the holders of the Series C preferred stock, Series D preferred stock, Series E preferred stock, and Series F preferred stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets an amount equal to $1.00 per share plus all accrued but unpaid dividends. If the assets of the Company are insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of preferred stock, then the assets shall be distributed among the holders of preferred stock ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be entitled. F - 23 15. Common Stock In April 2014, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation increasing the total number of authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000 shares to 200,000,000 shares. During fiscal year 2014, the Company issued the following shares of common stock: · 3,712,549 shares to settle notes payable and related accrued interest, the value on the date of grant was $2,447,926; · 584,100 shares to the Chief Executive Officer for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $134,897; · 474,000 shares to a former Chief Executive Officer for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $400,585; · 650,000 shares to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for the exercise of modified stock option agreements (the exercise prices were reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $41,311 and the shares vest quarterly over two years; · 15,000 shares to a board member for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $5,746; · 161,738 shares for notes payable origination fees, the value on the date of grant was $163,170; · 342,930 shares for equity investment finders’ fees, the value on the date of grant was $342,000; · 6,892 shares to officers of the Company as late fees for unpaid services, the value on the date of grant was $6,892; · 6,924,526 shares in connection with the conversion of 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock and 893,218 shares of Series D preferred stock; · 271,343 shares to settle accrued dividends for Series C, Series D and Series F preferred stock, the value on the date of grant was $148,244; · 409,000 shares for services provided by independent consultants, the value on the date of grant was $237,800; · 868,136 shares for employee compensation for past services and bonuses, the value on the date of grant was $427,205; · 100,000 shares for services provided by a board member, the value on the date of grant was $85,000; · 5,000,000 shares to the Chief Executive Officer for future services, the value on the date of grant was $2,400,000 and the shares vest quarterly over two years; · 447,500 shares for employee compensation for future services, the value on the date of grant was $256,800 and the shares vest quarterly over two years. 87,500 shares, with a value of $42,000 at the date of grant, were forfeited during fiscal year 2014; · 4,072,334 shares to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for future services, the value on the date of grant was $1,954,720 and the shares vest quarterly over two years. The fair value of unvested common stock as of September 30, 2014 was $4,125,863. F - 24 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants The fair value of each stock option or warrant is estimated on the date of grant using a binomial option-pricing model. The expected life of stock options or warrants represents the period of time that the stock options or warrants are expected to be outstanding, based on the simplified method. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company’s common stock, among other factors. The Company uses the simplified method within the valuation model due to the Company’s short trading history. The risk-free rate related to the expected term of the stock option or warrants is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The dividend yield is zero. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company measured the fair value of the warrants using a binomial valuation model with the following assumptions: 2014 2013 Exercise price $0.50 - $1.40 $0.75 - $10.00 Expected term (years) 1 - 3 1.5 - 2.5 Volatility 101% - 216% 219% - 298% Risk-free rate 0.11% - 0.92% 0.23% - 0.88% Dividend rate 0% 0% During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company granted the following common stock options and warrants: · Options to purchase 650,000 shares were granted to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for notes payable and accrued interest converted into common stock, with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The Company recognized $590,887 of interest expense during the three months ended December 31, 2013. During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the exercise prices were reduced to $0 per share; · Options to purchase 450,000 shares were granted to a note holder with an exercise price of $1.00 per share. The options expire in October 2018. The Company recognized $143,634 as debt discount, which is being amortized over the life of the note payable; · Options to purchase 856,977 shares were granted to two note holders for converting debt into common stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in December 2018; · Options to purchase 3,669,120 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in December 2018; · Options to purchase 1,424,025 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in January 2018; · Options to purchase 1,008,000 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in February 2019; · Options to purchase 1,000,000 shares were granted to a board member for services, with an exercise price of $0.50 per share. The shares vest based on the Company obtaining new member targets, specifically 100,000 options vest for each new 5,000 members. The options expire in June 2019. · Options to purchase 90,000 shares were granted to two related parties for services, with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in June 2019. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company modified the exercise price of options and warrants previously issued to current employees and officers to $0.50 per share. The Company recognized additional expense of $71,942 and deferred $7,960 over the remaining vesting period of the options and warrants. The following table summarizes information about stock options and warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2014: F - 25 Options and Warrants Number of Options and Warrants Weighted-Average Exercise Price Outstanding as of October 1, 2013 3,598,554 $ 1.33 Granted 9,148,122 1.03 Exercised (1,723,100 ) 0.89 Forfeited (32,000 ) 1.00 Outstanding as of September 30, 2014 10,991,576 1.05 Exercisable as of September 30, 2014 9,061,576 1.17 As of September 30, 2014, the outstanding warrants have an aggregate intrinsic value of $0, the weighted average remaining term of the warrants was 3.88 years, and the fair value of unvested stock options and warrants was $383,379. 17. Segment Information The Company operated two business segments during fiscal year 2014 based primarily on the nature of the Company’s products. The Chronic Illness Monitoring segment is engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile monitoring of patient vital signs and physical activity to insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies. The customer contracts and equipment leased to customers of the CareServices segment were sold in December 2014. The CareServices segment was engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile health monitoring and concierge services to distributors and consumers. The Company previously operated a reagents business which was sold in June 2013. The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in the reagents business. At the corporate level, the Company raises capital and provides for the administrative operations of the Company as a whole. The following table reflects certain financial information relating to each reportable segment for fiscal years 2014 and 2013: Corporate Chronic Illness Monitoring CareServices Reagents Total Fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 Sales to external customers $ - $ 6,107,941 $ 1,003,238 $ - $ 7,111,179 Segment loss (9,957,268 ) (2,051,752 ) (1,452,567 ) - (13,461,587 ) Interest expense, net 1,936,039 - - - 1,936,039 Segment assets 550,370 4,134,403 737,012 - 5,421,785 Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 70,603 - - - 70,603 Depreciation and amortization 92,823 57,220 972,819 - 1,122,862 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 Sales to external customers $ - $ 4,245,404 $ 1,660,544 $ 351,645 $ 6,257,593 Segment loss (21,986,526 ) (1,966,613 ) (3,179,151 ) (5,312 ) (27,137,602 ) Interest expense, net 5,583,932 - - - 5,583,932 Segment assets 600,892 7,416,759 2,291,121 - 10,308,772 Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 243,273 - 241,527 888 485,688 Depreciation and amortization 124,269 114,440 984,663 9,362 1,232,734 18. Income Taxes As of September 30, 2014, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income, if any, of approximately $64,000,000, which will begin to expire in 2027. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards is dependent upon the tax laws in effect at the time the net operating loss carryforwards can be utilized. The Internal Revenue Code contains provisions that likely could reduce or limit the availability and utilization of these net operating loss carryforwards. For example, limitations are imposed on the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards if certain ownership changes have taken place or will take place. The Company will perform an analysis to determine whether any such limitations have occurred as the net operating losses are utilized. F - 26 The amount and ultimate realization of the benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards are dependent, in part, upon the tax laws in effect, the Company’s future earnings, and other future events, the effects of which cannot be determined. The Company has established a valuation allowance against all deferred income tax assets not offset b y deferred income tax liabilities due to the uncertainty of their realization. Accordingly, there is no benefit for income taxes in the accompanying statements of operations. Deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future effects of differences between the consolidated financial reporting and income tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities given the provisions of currently enacted tax laws and the tax rates expected to be in place. For fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company’s expected federal tax rate was 34%. The deferred income tax assets (liabilities) were comprised of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Net operating loss carryforwards $ 23,858,000 $ 19,892,000 Depreciation, amortization and reserves 1,515,000 453,000 Stock-based compensation 2,007,000 1,863,000 Accrued vacation 53,000 2,000 Valuation allowance (27,433,000 ) (22,210,000 ) Total $ - $ - Reconciliations between the benefit for income taxes at the federal statutory income tax rate and the Company’s benefit for income taxes for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were as follows: 2014 2013 Federal income tax benefit at statutory rate $ 4,577,000 $ 9,227,000 State income tax benefit, net of federal income tax effect 444,000 896,000 Non-deductible expenses 67,000 (954,000 ) Other 135,000 - Change in valuation allowance (5,223,000 ) (9,169,000 ) Benefit for income taxes $ - $ - During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized no interest or penalties, and there were no changes in unrecognized tax benefits from tax positions taken or from lapsed statutes of limitations. There were no settlements with taxing authorities. As of September 30, 2014, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate, and there are no positions that are anticipated to significantly increase or decrease. The Company had no tax examinations beginning, ending, or remaining in process as of and for the years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013. Tax returns for fiscal years subsequent to 2010 remain subject to examination. F - 27 19. Commitments and Contingencies The Company leases office space under non-cancelable operating leases. Future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of September 30, 2014 were as follows: Years Ending September 30, 2015 $ 308,330 2016 317,580 2017 327,107 2018 280,077 $ 1,233,094 The Company’s rent expense for facilities held under non-cancelable operating leases for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was approximately $279,000 and $225,000, respectively. In May 2013, the Company entered into a settlement agreement and patent license agreement and an agreed motion was filed to dismiss all claims of a lawsuit. The final payment required by the settlement agreement and patent license patent agreement was made in December 2013. 20. Subsequent Events +Subsequent to September 30, 2014 and through the release date of this report, the Company entered into the following agreements and transactions: (1) In October 2014, the Company issued or the Board of Directors has approved the issuance of 1,692,810 shares of common stock to employees for services with vesting ranging from immediate to two years. (2) In October 2014, the Company issued 18,522 shares of common stock to settle accrued dividends for Series D preferred stock. (3) In November 2014, the Company amended an existing agreement related to investor relations services, contingent upon the elimination of the Series F Preferred stock. The amendment extends the agreement by two years and would require the Company to issue a total of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock over the extended term. (4) In November 2014, the Company amended an existing agreement with one of its customers which would require the Company to issue up 2,250,000 shares of its common stock to the customer. The number of shares to be issued is based on the customer meeting certain milestones for the number of end users who receive Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services through January 2016. (5) In November 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a third party which would require the Company to issue up 750,000 shares of its common stock to the third party. The third party will consult the Company on matters regarding sales to a specific customer. The number of shares to be issued is based on the customer meeting certain milestones for the number of end users who receive Chronic Illness products and services through January 2016. (6) In November 2014, the Company sold $130,000 of future customer receipts to a third party for $100,000 in cash. The $30,000 difference between the payment amount and cash received is being amortized to interest expense over the expected term. (7) In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment to a third party. Additional equipment in stock was sold to the buyer pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. (8) In January 2015, the Company modified the note payable secured by CareServices customer contracts to reduce the outstanding principal to $375,000, interest at 9%, and payable in 15 monthly installments beginning in February 2015. The note payable is guaranteed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and another member of the Board of Directors. (9) In November 2014, the Company entered into a note payable with an entity controlled its Chairman of the Board of Directors to covert $396,667 of advances and notes payable into one promissory note, interest at 0%, and due on demand. (10) In October and December 2014, the Company received advances totaling $305,000 from entities controlled by a member the Board of Directors. F - 28 EX-10.18 2 exhibit10-18.htm FORM OF AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION FOR EXHIBIT NUMBER (3)(I) exhibit10-18.htm Exhibit 10.18 ACTIVECARE, INC. AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF DESIGNATION OF PREFERENCES, RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS OF SERIES F VARIABLE RATE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK OF ACTIVECARE, INC. PURSUANT TO SECTION 151 OF THE DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW The undersigned, Marc Bratsman, does hereby certify that: 1. He is the CFO and Secretary, of ActiveCare, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Corporation ”). 2. The Corporation is authorized to issue ten million (10,000,000) shares of preferred stock, of which 45,000 shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (“ Series D Preferred ”) are issued and outstanding, and 70,539 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (“ Series E Preferred ”) are issued and outstanding. 3. The following resolutions were duly adopted by the board of directors of the Corporation (the “ Board of Directors ”) as of August __, 2014: WHEREAS, the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation provides for a class of its authorized stock known as preferred stock, consisting of ten million (10,000,000) shares, par value $0.00001 per share, issuable from time to time in one or more series; WHEREAS, the Board of Directors is authorized to fix the dividend rights, dividend rate, voting rights, conversion rights, rights and terms of redemption and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of preferred stock and the number of shares constituting any series and the designation thereof, of any of them; and WHEREAS, it is the desire of the Board of Directors, pursuant to its authority as aforesaid, to fix the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to a series of the preferred stock, which shall consist of, except as otherwise set forth in the Purchase Agreement, up to Seven Thousand Eight Hundred Three (7,803) shares of the preferred stock which the Corporation has the authority to issue, as follows: NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED, that the Board of Directors does hereby provide for the issuance of a series of preferred stock for cash or exchange of other securities, rights or property and does hereby fix and determine the rights, preferences, restrictions and other matters relating to such series of preferred stock as follows: 1 AMENDED AND RESTATED TERMS OF PREFERRED STOCK Section 1 . Definitions . For the purposes hereof, the following terms shall have the following meanings: “ Adjusted Optional Redemption Amount ” means an amount in cash equal to the greater of (a) the Optional Redemption Amount or (b) for each share of Preferred Stock, the product of (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of (i) the applicable Optional Redemption Notice or (ii) the date the Adjustment Optional Redemption Amount is paid, whichever is greater and (z) the Stated Value, divided by the then Conversion Price, plus all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon, plus all liquidated damages and other costs, expenses or amounts due in respect of the Preferred Stock. “ Affiliate ” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 405 of the Securities Act. “ Alternate Consideration ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e). “ Bankruptcy Event ” means any of the following events: (a) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary (as such term is defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X) thereof commences a case or other proceeding under any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency or liquidation or similar law of any jurisdiction relating to the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, (b) there is commenced against the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof any such case or proceeding that is not dismissed within 60 days after commencement, (c) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof is adjudicated insolvent or bankrupt or any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered, (d) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof suffers any appointment of any custodian or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that is not discharged or stayed within 60 calendar days after such appointment, (e) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, (f) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof calls a meeting of its creditors with a view to arranging a composition, adjustment or restructuring of its debts, or (g) the Corporation or any Significant Subsidiary thereof, by any act or failure to act, expressly indicates its consent to, approval of or acquiescence in any of the foregoing or takes any corporate or other action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing. “ Base Conversion Price ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b). 2 “ Beneficial Ownership Limitation ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(d). “ Business Day ” means any day except any Saturday, any Sunday, any day which is a federal legal holiday in the United States or any day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. “ Buy-In ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c)(iv). “ Change of Control Transaction ” means the occurrence after the date hereof of any of (a) an acquisition after the date hereof by an individual or legal entity or “group” (as described in Rule 13d-5(b)(1) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of effective control (whether through legal or beneficial ownership of capital stock of the Corporation, by contract or otherwise) of in excess of 33% of the voting securities of the Corporation (other than by means of conversion or exercise of Preferred Stock and the Securities issued together with the Preferred Stock), (b) the Corporation merges into or consolidates with any other Person, or any Person merges into or consolidates with the Corporation and, after giving effect to such transaction, the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 66% of the aggregate voting power of the Corporation or the successor entity of such transaction, (c) the Corporation sells or transfers all or substantially all of its assets to another Person and the stockholders of the Corporation immediately prior to such transaction own less than 66% of the aggregate voting power of the acquiring entity immediately after the transaction, (d) a replacement at one time or within a one year period of more than one-half of the members of the Board of Directors elected by the holders of Common Stock (“ Common Stock Directors ”) which is not approved by a majority of those individuals who are Common Stock Directors on the Original Issue Date (or by those individuals who are serving as members of the Board of Directors on any date whose nomination to the Board of Directors was approved by a majority of the Common Stock Directors who are members on the Original Issue Date), or (e) the execution by the Corporation of an agreement to which the Corporation is a party or by which it is bound, providing for any of the events set forth in clauses (a) through (d) above. “ Closing ” means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Securities pursuant to Section 2.1 of the Purchase Agreement. “ Closing Date ” means the Trading Day on which all of the Transaction Documents have been executed and delivered by the applicable parties thereto and all conditions precedent to (i) each Holder’s obligations to pay the Subscription Amount and (ii) the Corporation’s obligations to deliver the Securities have been satisfied or waived. “ Commission ” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. 3 “ Common Stock ” means the Corporation’s common stock, par value $0.00001 per share, and stock of any other class of securities into which such securities may hereafter be reclassified or changed. “ Common Stock Equivalents ” means any securities of the Corporation or the Subsidiaries which would entitle the holder thereof to acquire at any time Common Stock, including, without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock. “ Conversion Amount ” means the sum of the Stated Value at issue. “ Conversion Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). “ Conversion Price ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(b). “ Conversion Shares ” means, collectively, the shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof. “ Conversion Shares Registration Statement ” means a registration statement that registers the resale of all Conversion Shares of the Holders, who shall be named as “selling stockholders” therein. “ Dilutive Issuance ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b). “ Dilutive Issuance Notice ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(b). “ Dividend Conversion Rate ” means the lesser of (a) the Conversion Price or (b) 85% of the lesser of (i) the average of the VWAPs for the 5 consecutive Trading Days ending on the Trading Day that is immediately prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date or (ii) the average of the VWAPs for the 5 consecutive Trading Days ending on the Trading Day that is immediately prior to the date the applicable Dividend Conversion Shares are issued and delivered if such delivery is after the Dividend Payment Date. “ Dividend Conversion Shares ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). “ Dividend Notice Period ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). “ Dividend Payment Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). “ Dividend Share Amount ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). “ Dividend Payment Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 3(a). 4 “ Equity Conditions ” means, during the period in question, (a) the Corporation shall have duly honored all conversions scheduled to occur or occurring by virtue of one or more Notices of Conversion of the applicable Holder on or prior to the dates so requested or required, if any, (b) the Corporation shall have paid all liquidated damages and other amounts owing to the applicable Holder in respect of the Preferred Stock, (c)(i) there is an effective Conversion Shares Registration Statement pursuant to which the Holders are permitted to utilize the prospectus thereunder to resell all of the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents (and the Corporation believes, in good faith, that such effectiveness will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future) or (ii) all of the Conversion Shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents may be resold pursuant to Rule 144 without volume or manner-of-sale restrictions or current public information requirements as determined by the counsel to the Corporation as set forth in a written opinion letter to such effect, addressed and acceptable to the Transfer Agent and the affected Holders, (d) the Common Stock is trading on a Trading Market and all of the shares issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents are listed or quoted for trading on such Trading Market (and the Corporation believes, in good faith, that trading of the Common Stock on a Trading Market will continue uninterrupted for the foreseeable future), (e) there is a sufficient number of authorized, but unissued and otherwise unreserved, shares of Common Stock for the issuance of all of the shares then issuable pursuant to the Transaction Documents, (f) there is no existing Triggering Event and no existing event which, with the passage of time or the giving of notice, would constitute a Triggering Event, (g) the issuance of the shares in question (or, in the case of a redemption, the shares issuable upon conversion in full of the redemption amount) to the applicable Holder would not violate the limitations set forth in Section 6(d) and herein, (h) there has been no public announcement of a pending or proposed Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction that has not been consummated, (i) the applicable Holder is not in possession of any information provided by the Corporation that constitutes, or may constitute, material non-public information, and (j) for each Trading Day in a period of 20 consecutive Trading Days prior to the applicable date in question, the daily dollar trading volume for the Common Stock on the principal Trading Market exceeds $250,000 per Trading Day in the case of an Optional Redemption pursuant to Section 8 herein (trade value of the full dividend payment for the 5 Trading Days prior to the dividend date in the case of the issuance of shares of Common Stock in lieu of cash dividend payments). “ Exchange Act ” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. “ Exchange Agreement ” means the exchange agreement between the Company and the holders of certain outstanding promissory notes of the Company pursuant to which the holders shall exchange the promissory notes for Preferred Stock and Warrants. 5 “ Exempt Issuance ” means the issuance of (a) shares of Common Stock or options to employees, officers or directors of the Corporation pursuant to any stock or option plan duly adopted by a majority of the non-employee members of the Board of Directors of the Corporation or a majority of the members of a committee of non-employee directors established for such purpose, (b) securities upon the exercise or exchange of or conversion of any securities issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement and/or other securities exercisable or exchangeable for or convertible into shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on the date of the Purchase Agreement, provided that such securities have not been amended since the date of the Purchase Agreement to increase the number of such securities or to decrease the exercise price, exchange price or conversion price of any such securities, (c) securities issued pursuant to acquisitions or strategic transactions approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Corporation, provided that any such issuance shall only be to a Person (or to the equityholders of a Person) which is, itself or through its subsidiaries, an operating company or an owner of an asset in a business synergistic with the business of the Corporation and shall provide to the Corporation additional benefits in addition to the investment of funds, but shall not include a transaction in which the Corporation is issuing securities primarily for the purpose of raising capital or to an entity whose primary business is investing in securities and (d) up to an amount of Preferred Stock and warrants having a cash subscription amount equal to the difference between $6,000,000 and the aggregate Subscription Amounts under the Purchase Agreement, on the same terms and conditions and prices as hereunder, with investors executing definitive agreements for the purchase of such securities and such transactions having closed on or before January 31, 2014 and (e) the issuance of Preferred Stock and Warrants pursuant to the Exchange Agreement. “ Fundamental Transaction ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e). “ GAAP ” means United States generally accepted accounting principles. “ Holder ” shall have the meaning given such term in Section 2. “ Indebtedness ” means (a) any liabilities for borrowed money or amounts owed in excess of $50,000 (other than trade accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (b) all guaranties, endorsements and other contingent obligations in respect of indebtedness of others, whether or not the same are or should be reflected in the Corporation’s balance sheet (or the notes thereto), except guaranties by endorsement of negotiable instruments for deposit or collection or similar transactions in the ordinary course of business, and (c) the present value of any lease payments in excess of $50,000 due under leases required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. “ Junior Securities ” means the Common Stock and all other Common Stock Equivalents of the Corporation (including, without limitation, the Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock), other than those securities which are explicitly senior or pari passu to the Preferred Stock in dividend rights or liquidation preference. 6 “ Liens ” means a lien, charge, security interest, encumbrance, right of first refusal, preemptive right or other restriction. “ Liquidation ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5. “ New York Courts ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 11(d). “ Notice of Conversion ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(a). “ Optional Redemption ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8. “ Optional Redemption Amount ” means the sum of (a) 100% of the aggregate Stated Value then outstanding, (b) accrued but unpaid dividends and (c) all liquidated damages and other amounts due in respect of the Preferred Stock. “ Optional Redemption Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8. “ Optional Redemption Notice ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8. “ Optional Redemption Notice Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8. “ Original Issue Date ” means the date of the first issuance of any shares of the Preferred Stock regardless of the number of transfers of any particular shares of Preferred Stock and regardless of the number of certificates which may be issued to evidence such Preferred Stock. “ Permitted Indebtedness ” means (a) the Indebtedness existing on the Original Issue Date and set forth on Schedule 3.1(aa) attached to the Purchase Agreement and (b) lease obligations and purchase money indebtedness of up to $150,000, in the aggregate, incurred in connection with the acquisition of capital assets and lease obligations with respect to newly acquired or leased assets. “ Permitted Lien ” means the individual and collective reference to the following: (a) Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies not yet due or Liens for taxes, assessments and other governmental charges or levies being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings for which adequate reserves (in the good faith judgment of the management of the Corporation) have been established in accordance with GAAP, (b) Liens imposed by law which were incurred in the ordinary course of the Corporation’s business, such as carriers’, warehousemen’s and mechanics’ Liens, statutory landlords’ Liens, and other similar Liens arising in the ordinary course of the Corporation’s business, and which (x) do not individually or in the aggregate materially detract from the value of such property or assets or materially impair the use thereof in the operation of the business of the Corporation and its consolidated Subsidiaries or (y) are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, which proceedings have the effect of preventing for the foreseeable future the forfeiture or sale of the property or asset subject to such Lien, (c) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause (a) thereunder, and (d) Liens incurred in connection with Permitted Indebtedness under clause (b) thereunder, provided that such Liens are not secured by assets of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries other than the assets so acquired or leased. 7 “ Person ” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. “ Preferred Stock ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2. “ Primary Holders ” means, collectively, Hillair Capital Investments L.P., Alpha Capital Anstalt, and Osher Capital Partners LLC. “ Purchase Agreement ” means the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated on or about the Original Issue Date, among the Corporation and the original Holders, as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. “ Required Number of Subscribers ” means 50,000 Subscribers. “ Rule 144 ” means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. “ Rule 424 ” means Rule 424 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended or interpreted from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same purpose and effect as such Rule. “ Securities ” means the Preferred Stock, the Warrants, the Warrant Shares and the Underlying Shares. “ Securities Act ” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. “ Series D Preferred Stock ” means the Series D Preferred Stock of the Corporation previously issued by the Corporation pursuant to that certain Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock of the Corporation, as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on February 2, 2012 (the “ Designation of Rights of the Series D Preferred ”). 8 “ Series E Preferred Stock ” means the Series E Preferred Stock of the Corporation previously issued by the Corporation pursuant to that certain Certificate of Designation of the Relative Rights and Preferences of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock of the Corporation as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on September 3, 2013 (the “ Designation of Rights of the Series F Preferred ”). “ Share Delivery Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6(c). “ Stated Value ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2, as the same may be increased pursuant to Section 3. “ Subscribers ” means any persons who are “CareServices members” or “Chronic Illness members” being actively monitored by the Corporation, as the terms “CareServices member” and “Chronic Illness member” are customarily used by the Corporation. “ Subscription Amount ” shall mean, as to each Holder, the aggregate amount to be paid for the Preferred Stock purchased pursuant to the Purchase Agreement as specified below such Holder’s name on the signature page of the Purchase Agreement and next to the heading “Subscription Amount,” in United States dollars and in immediately available funds. “ Subsidiary ” means any subsidiary of the Corporation as set forth on Schedule 3.1(a) of the Purchase Agreement and shall, where applicable, also include any direct or indirect subsidiary of the Corporation formed or acquired after the date of the Purchase Agreement. “ Successor Entity ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7(e). “ Trading Day ” means a day on which the principal Trading Market is open for business. “ Trading Market ” means any of the following markets or exchanges on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question: the NYSE MKT, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the Nasdaq Global Market, the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the New York Stock Exchange, the OTC Bulletin Board, or the OTCQB Segment of the OTC Pink Marketplace (or any successors to any of the foregoing). “ Transaction Documents ” means this Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, the Purchase Agreement, the Warrants, all exhibits and schedules thereto and hereto and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. 9 “ Transfer Agent ” means American Stock Transfer, the current transfer agent of the Corporation, with a mailing address of 6201 15 th Avenue, Third Floor, Brooklyn, New York, 11219, c/o Denise Padilla, and a facsimile number of (718) 765 8711, and any successor transfer agent of the Corporation. “ Triggering Event ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(a). “ Triggering Redemption Amount ” means, for each share of Preferred Stock, the sum of (a) the greater of (i) 130% of the Stated Value and (ii) the product of (y) the VWAP on the Trading Day immediately preceding the date of the Triggering Event and (z) the Stated Value divided by the then Conversion Price, (b) all accrued but unpaid dividends thereon and (c) all liquidated damages and other costs, expenses or amounts due in respect of the Preferred Stock. “ Triggering Redemption Payment Date ” shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10(b). “ Underlying Shares ” means the shares of Common Stock issued and issuable upon conversion or redemption of the Preferred Stock and upon exercise of the Warrants and. “ Variable Rate Transaction ” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 4.13(b) of the Purchase Agreement. “ VWAP ” means, for any date, the price determined by the first of the following clauses that applies: (a) if the Common Stock is then listed or quoted on a Trading Market, the daily volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is then listed or quoted as reported by Bloomberg L.P. (based on a Trading Day from 9:30 a.m. (New York City time) to 4:02 p.m. (New York City time)), (b) if the OTC Bulletin Board is not a Trading Market, the volume weighted average price of the Common Stock for such date (or the nearest preceding date) on the OTC Bulletin Board, (c) if the Common Stock is not then listed or quoted for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board and if prices for the Common Stock are then reported in the “Pink Sheets” published by Pink OTC Markets, Inc. (or a similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices), the most recent bid price per share of the Common Stock so reported, or (d) in all other cases, the fair market value of a share of Common Stock as determined by an independent appraiser selected in good faith by the Holders of a majority in interest of the Securities then outstanding and reasonably acceptable to the Corporation, the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Corporation. “ Warrants ” means, collectively, the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the Holder in accordance with Section 2.2(a) of the Purchase Agreement, and the Common Stock purchase warrants delivered to the party to the Exchange Agreement, which Warrants shall be exercisable immediately and have a term of exercise equal to five (5) years, in the form of Exhibit C attached to the Purchase Agreement. 10 “ Warrant Shares ” means the shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. Section 2 . Designation, Amount and Par Value . The series of preferred stock shall be designated as its Series F Variable Rate Convertible Preferred Stock (the “ Preferred Stock ”) and the number of shares so designated shall be up to 7,803 (which shall not be subject to increase without the written consent of all of the holders of the Preferred Stock (each, a “ Holder ” and collectively, the “ Holders ”)). Each share of Preferred Stock shall have a par value of $0.00001 per share and a stated value equal to $1,000, subject to increase set forth in Section 3 below (the “ Stated Value ”). 11 Section 3 . Dividends . a) Dividends in Cash . Holders shall be entitled to receive, and the Corporation shall pay, cumulative dividends at the rate per share (as a percentage of the Stated Value per share) of 8% per annum from the Original Issue Date until April 30, 2015, 16% per annum from May 1, 2015 until July 31, 2015, 20% per annum from August 1, 2015 until October 31, 2015 and, 25% per annum thereafter (subject to increase pursuant to Section 10(b)) , payable quarterly on February 1, May 1, August 1 and November 1, beginning on May 1, 2014 and on each Conversion Date (with respect only to Preferred Stock being converted) and on each Optional Redemption Date (with respect only to Preferred Stock being redeemed) (each such date, a “ Dividend Payment Date ”) (if any Dividend Payment Date is not a Trading Day, the applicable payment shall be due on the next succeeding Trading Day), in cash, or at the Corporation’s option, in duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock as set forth in this Section 3(a), or a combination thereof (the dollar amount to be paid in shares of Common Stock, the “ Dividend Share Amount ”). The form of dividend payments to each Holder shall be determined in the following order of priority: (i) if funds are legally available for the payment of dividends and the Equity Conditions have not been met during the 5 consecutive Trading Days immediately prior to the applicable Dividend Payment Date (the “ Dividend Notice Period ”), in cash only, (ii) if funds are legally available for the payment of dividends and the Equity Conditions have been met during the Dividend Notice Period, at the sole election of the Corporation, in cash or shares of Common Stock which shall be valued at the Dividend Conversion Rate, (iii) if funds are not legally available for the payment of dividends and the Equity Conditions have been met during the Dividend Notice Period, in shares of Common Stock which shall be valued at the Dividend Conversion Rate, (iv) if funds are not legally available for the payment of dividends and the Equity Condition relating to an effective Conversion Shares Registration Statement has been waived by such Holder, as to such Holder only, in unregistered shares of Common Stock which shall be valued at the Dividend Conversion Rate, (v) if funds are not legally available for the payment of dividends and the Equity Condition relating Trading Market exceeding $50,000 for the applicable 5 trading days has been waived in writing by such Holder, as to such Holder only, in shares of Common Stock which shall be valued at the Dividend Conversion Rate and (vi) if funds are not legally available for the payment of dividends and the Equity Conditions have not been met during the Dividend Notice Period, then, at the election of such Holder, such dividends shall accrue to the next Dividend Payment Date or shall be accreted to, and increase, the outstanding Stated Value. In addition, as a condition to paying dividends in shares of Common Stock, as to such Dividend Payment Date, prior to such Dividend Notice Period (but not more than five (5) Trading Days prior to the commencement of such Dividend Notice Period), the Corporation shall have delivered to each Holder’s account with The Depository Trust Company a number of shares of Common Stock to be applied against such Dividend Share Amount equal to the quotient of (x) the applicable Dividend Share Amount divided by (y) the Dividend Conversion Rate, assuming for such purposes that the Dividend Payment Date is the Trading Day immediately prior to the commencement of the Dividend Notice Period (the “ Dividend Conversion Shares ”). The Holders shall have the same rights and remedies with respect to the delivery of any such shares as if such shares were being issued pursuant to Section 6. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, if the Corporation has (i) duly tendered an Optional Redemption Notice with respect to all of the then outstanding Preferred Stock, (ii) deposited an amount in cash equal to the applicable Adjusted Optional Redemption Amount with respect thereto in a third party escrow account (or other segregated account satisfactory to the Holders) and delivered evidence thereof to each Holder and (iii) failed to satisfy Equity Condition (j) with respect to such Optional Redemption and requested that the Holders waive such Equity Condition (but has provided confirmation satisfactory to the Holders that the Corporation satisfies the other Equity Conditions and is otherwise legally permitted to make an Optional Redemption, and desires to effect an Optional Redemption in an amount equal to the Adjusted Optional Redemption Amount), the dividend rate on the Preferred Stock held by any such Holder that fails to waive Equity Condition (j) and accept payment of the Adjusted Optional Redemption Amount shall not be subject to increase as described in the preceding sentence (and shall remain at the dividend rate in effect at the time of such Optional Redemption Notice). For avoidance of doubt, the failure of the Corporation to pay the Adjusted Optional Redemption Amount when due on the applicable Optional Redemption Date as contemplated in the preceding sentence shall constitute a Triggering Event hereunder. If funds are not legally available for the payment of dividends, then, at the election of such Holder, such dividends shall accrue to the next Dividend Payment Date or shall be accreted to, and increase, the outstanding Stated Value. 12 b) Corporation’s Ability to Pay Dividends in Cash or Kind . On the Closing Date, the Corporation shall have notified the Holders whether or not it may legally pay cash dividends as of the Closing Date. The Corporation shall promptly notify the Holders at any time the Corporation shall become able or unable, as the case may be, to legally pay cash dividends. If at any time the Corporation has the right to pay dividends in cash or shares of Common Stock, the Corporation must provide the Holders with at least 20 Trading Days’ notice of its election to pay a regularly scheduled dividend in shares of Common Stock (the Corporation may indicate in such notice that the election contained in such notice shall continue for later periods until revised by a subsequent notice). If at any time the Corporation delivers a notice to the Holders of its election to pay the dividends in shares of Common Stock, the Corporation shall timely file a prospectus supplement pursuant to Rule 424 disclosing such election. The aggregate number of shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to a Holder on a Dividend Payment Date shall be reduced by the number of shares of Common Stock previously issued to such Holder in connection with such Dividend Payment Date. If any Dividend Conversion Shares are issued to a Holder in connection with a Dividend Payment Date and are not applied against a Dividend Share Amount, then such Holder shall promptly return such excess shares to the Corporation. 13 c) Dividend Calculations . Dividends on the Preferred Stock shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year, consisting of twelve 30 calendar day periods, and shall accrue daily commencing on the Original Issue Date, and shall be deemed to accrue from such date whether or not earned or declared and whether or not there are profits, surplus or other funds of the Corporation legally available for the payment of dividends. Payment of dividends in shares of Common Stock shall otherwise occur pursuant to Section 6(c)(i) herein and, solely for purposes of the payment of dividends in shares, the Dividend Payment Date shall be deemed the Conversion Date. Dividends shall cease to accrue with respect to any Preferred Stock converted, provided that, the Corporation actually delivers the Conversion Shares within the time period required by Section 6(c)(i) herein. Except as otherwise provided herein, if at any time the Corporation pays dividends partially in cash and partially in shares, then such payment shall be distributed ratably among the Holders based upon the number of shares of Preferred Stock held by each Holder on such Dividend Payment Date. d) Late Fees . Any dividends, whether paid in cash or shares of Common Stock, that are not paid within three Trading Days following a Dividend Payment Date shall continue to accrue and shall entail a late fee, which must be paid in cash, at the rate of 18% per annum or the lesser rate permitted by applicable law which shall accrue daily from the Dividend Payment Date through and including the date of actual payment in full. e) Other Securities . So long as any Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof shall redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire directly or indirectly any Junior Securities except as expressly permitted by Section 10(a)(vi). So long as any Preferred Stock shall remain outstanding, neither the Corporation nor any Subsidiary thereof shall directly or indirectly pay or declare any dividend or make any distribution upon (other than a dividend or distribution described in Section 6 and dividends due and paid in the ordinary course on preferred stock of the Corporation outstanding on the Original Issue Date (including the Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock), the terms of which are as set forth on the Designation of Rights of the Series D Preferred and the Designation of Rights of the Series E Preferred, but only at such times when the Corporation is in compliance with its payment and other obligations hereunder), nor shall any distribution be made in respect of, any Junior Securities as long as any dividends due on the Preferred Stock remain unpaid, nor shall any monies be set aside for or applied to the purchase or redemption (through a sinking fund or otherwise) of any Junior Securities or shares pari passu with the Preferred Stock. f) Special Reserves . The Corporation acknowledges and agrees that the capital of the Corporation (as such term is used in Section 151 of the Delaware General Corporation Law) in respect of the Preferred Stock and any future issuances of the Corporation’s capital stock shall be equal to the aggregate par value of such Preferred Stock or capital stock, as the case may be, and that, on or after the date of the Purchase Agreement, it shall not increase the capital of the Corporation with respect to any shares of the Corporation’s capital stock issued and outstanding on such date. The Corporation also acknowledges and agrees that it shall not create any special reserves under Section 171 of the Delaware General Corporation Law without the prior written consent of each Holder. 14 Section 4 . Voting Rights . Except as otherwise provided herein or as otherwise required by law, the Preferred Stock shall have no voting rights. However, as long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the Primary Holders that hold Preferred Stock (unless the Primary Holders no longer hold any Preferred Stock, in which case the Corporation shall not, without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Preferred Stock), (a) alter or change adversely the powers, preferences or rights given to the Preferred Stock or alter or amend this Certificate of Designation, (b) authorize or create any class of stock ranking as to dividends, redemption or distribution of assets upon a Liquidation (as defined in Section 5) senior to, or otherwise pari passu with, the Preferred Stock, (c) amend its certificate of incorporation or other charter documents in any manner that adversely affects any rights of the Holders, (d) increase the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock, or (e) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. Section 5 . Liquidation . Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary (a “ Liquidation ”), the Holders shall be entitled to receive out of the assets, whether capital or surplus, of the Corporation an amount equal to the Stated Value, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends thereon and any other fees or liquidated damages then due and owing thereon under this Certificate of Designation, for each share of Preferred Stock before any distribution or payment shall be made to the holders of any Junior Securities, and if the assets of the Corporation shall be insufficient to pay in full such amounts, then the entire assets to be distributed to the Holders shall be ratably distributed among the Holders in accordance with the respective amounts that would be payable on such shares if all amounts payable thereon were paid in full. A Fundamental Transaction or Change of Control Transaction shall not be deemed a Liquidation. The Corporation shall mail written notice of any such Liquidation, not less than 45 days prior to the payment date stated therein, to each Holder. Section 6 . Conversion . a) Conversions at Option of Holder . Each share of Preferred Stock shall be convertible, at any time and from time to time from and after the Original Issue Date at the option of the Holder thereof, into that number of shares of Common Stock (subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6(d)) determined by dividing the Stated Value of such share of Preferred Stock by the Conversion Price. Holders shall effect conversions by providing the Corporation with the form of conversion notice attached hereto as Annex A (a “ Notice of Conversion ”). Each Notice of Conversion shall specify the number of shares of Preferred Stock to be converted, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to the conversion at issue, the number of shares of Preferred Stock owned subsequent to the conversion at issue and the date on which such conversion is to be effected, which date may not be prior to the date the applicable Holder delivers by facsimile such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation (such date, the “ Conversion Date ”). If no Conversion Date is specified in a Notice of Conversion, the Conversion Date shall be the date that such Notice of Conversion to the Corporation is deemed delivered hereunder. No ink-original Notice of Conversion shall be required, nor shall any medallion guarantee (or other type of guarantee or notarization) of any Notice of Conversion form be required. The calculations and entries set forth in the Notice of Conversion shall control in the absence of manifest or mathematical error. To effect conversions of shares of Preferred Stock, a Holder shall not be required to surrender the certificate(s) representing the shares of Preferred Stock to the Corporation unless all of the shares of Preferred Stock represented thereby are so converted, in which case such Holder shall deliver the certificate representing such shares of Preferred Stock promptly following the Conversion Date at issue. Shares of Preferred Stock converted into Common Stock or redeemed in accordance with the terms hereof shall be canceled and shall not be reissued. 15 b) Conversion Price . The conversion price for the Preferred Stock shall equal $1.00 , subject to adjustment herein (the “ Conversion Price ”). c) Mechanics of Conversion i. Delivery of Conversion Shares Upon Conversion . Not later than three (3) Trading Days after each Conversion Date (the “ Share Delivery Date ”), the Corporation shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the converting Holder (A) the number of Conversion Shares being acquired upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock (including, if the Corporation has given continuous notice pursuant to Section 3(b) for payment of dividends in shares of Common Stock at least 20 Trading Days prior to the date on which the Notice of Conversion is delivered to the Corporation, shares of Common Stock representing the payment of accrued dividends otherwise determined pursuant to Section 3(a) but assuming that the Dividend Notice Period is the 20 Trading Days period immediately prior to the date on which the Notice of Conversion is delivered to the Corporation and excluding for such issuance the condition that the Corporation deliver the Dividend Share Amount as to such dividend payment prior to the commencement of the Dividend Notice Period) which, on or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, shall be free of restrictive legends and trading restrictions (other than those which may then be required by the Purchase Agreement), and (B) a bank check in the amount of accrued and unpaid dividends (if the Corporation has elected or is required to pay accrued dividends in cash). On or after the earlier of (i) the six month anniversary of the Original Issue Date or (ii) the Effective Date, the Corporation shall deliver the Conversion Shares required to be delivered by the Corporation under this Section 6 electronically through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions. 16 ii. Failure to Deliver Conversion Shares . If, in the case of any Notice of Conversion, such Conversion Shares are not delivered to or as directed by the applicable Holder by the Share Delivery Date, the Holder shall be entitled to elect by written notice to the Corporation at any time on or before its receipt of such Conversion Shares, to rescind such Conversion, in which event the Corporation shall promptly return to the Holder any original Preferred Stock certificate delivered to the Corporation and the Holder shall promptly return to the Corporation the Conversion Shares issued to such Holder pursuant to the rescinded Conversion Notice. iii. Obligation Absolute; Partial Liquidated Damages . The Corporation’s obligation to issue and deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof are absolute and unconditional, irrespective of any action or inaction by a Holder to enforce the same, any waiver or consent with respect to any provision hereof, the recovery of any judgment against any Person or any action to enforce the same, or any setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, limitation or termination, or any breach or alleged breach by such Holder or any other Person of any obligation to the Corporation or any violation or alleged violation of law by such Holder or any other person, and irrespective of any other circumstance which might otherwise limit such obligation of the Corporation to such Holder in connection with the issuance of such Conversion Shares; provided , however , that such delivery shall not operate as a waiver by the Corporation of any such action that the Corporation may have against such Holder. In the event a Holder shall elect to convert any or all of the Stated Value of its Preferred Stock, the Corporation may not refuse conversion based on any claim that such Holder or any one associated or affiliated with such Holder has been engaged in any violation of law, agreement or for any other reason, unless an injunction from a court, on notice to Holder, restraining and/or enjoining conversion of all or part of the Preferred Stock of such Holder shall have been sought and obtained, and the Corporation posts a surety bond for the benefit of such Holder in the amount of 150% of the Stated Value of Preferred Stock which is subject to the injunction, which bond shall remain in effect until the completion of arbitration/litigation of the underlying dispute and the proceeds of which shall be payable to such Holder to the extent it obtains judgment. In the absence of such injunction, the Corporation shall issue Conversion Shares and, if applicable, cash, upon a properly noticed conversion. If the Corporation fails to deliver to a Holder such Conversion Shares pursuant to Section 6(c)(i) on the second Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date applicable to such conversion, the Corporation shall pay to such Holder, in cash, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, for each $5,000 of Stated Value of Preferred Stock being converted, $50 per Trading Day (increasing to $100 per Trading Day on the third Trading Day and increasing to $200 per Trading Day on the sixth Trading Day after such damages begin to accrue) for each Trading Day after such second Trading Day after the Share Delivery Date until such Conversion Shares are delivered or Holder rescinds such conversion. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder’s right to pursue actual damages or declare a Triggering Event pursuant to Section 10 hereof for the Corporation’s failure to deliver Conversion Shares within the period specified herein and such Holder shall have the right to pursue all remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief. The exercise of any such rights shall not prohibit a Holder from seeking to enforce damages pursuant to any other Section hereof or under applicable law. 17 iv. Compensation for Buy-In on Failure to Timely Deliver Conversion Shares Upon Conversion . In addition to any other rights available to the Holder, if the Corporation fails for any reason to deliver to a Holder the applicable Conversion Shares by the Share Delivery Date pursuant to Section 6(c)(i), and if after such Share Delivery Date such Holder is required by its brokerage firm to purchase (in an open market transaction or otherwise), or the Holder’s brokerage firm otherwise purchases, shares of Common Stock to deliver in satisfaction of a sale by such Holder of the Conversion Shares which such Holder was entitled to receive upon the conversion relating to such Share Delivery Date (a “ Buy-In ”), then the Corporation shall (A) pay in cash to such Holder (in addition to any other remedies available to or elected by such Holder) the amount, if any, by which (x) such Holder’s total purchase price (including any brokerage commissions) for the Common Stock so purchased exceeds (y) the product of (1) the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock that such Holder was entitled to receive from the conversion at issue multiplied by (2) the actual sale price at which the sell order giving rise to such purchase obligation was executed (including any brokerage commissions) and (B) at the option of such Holder, either reissue (if surrendered) the shares of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Preferred Stock submitted for conversion (in which case, such conversion shall be deemed rescinded) or deliver to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock that would have been issued if the Corporation had timely complied with its delivery requirements under Section 6(c)(i). For example, if a Holder purchases shares of Common Stock having a total purchase price of $11,000 to cover a Buy-In with respect to an attempted conversion of shares of Preferred Stock with respect to which the actual sale price of the Conversion Shares (including any brokerage commissions) giving rise to such purchase obligation was a total of $10,000 under clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, the Corporation shall be required to pay such Holder $1,000. The Holder shall provide the Corporation written notice indicating the amounts payable to such Holder in respect of the Buy-In and, upon request of the Corporation, evidence of the amount of such loss. Nothing herein shall limit a Holder’s right to pursue any other remedies available to it hereunder, at law or in equity including, without limitation, a decree of specific performance and/or injunctive relief with respect to the Corporation’s failure to timely deliver the Conversion Shares upon conversion of the shares of Preferred Stock as required pursuant to the terms hereof. 18 v. Reservation of Shares Issuable Upon Conversion . The Corporation covenants that it will at all times reserve and keep available out of its authorized and unissued shares of Common Stock for the sole purpose of issuance upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and payment of dividends on the Preferred Stock, each as herein provided, free from preemptive rights or any other actual contingent purchase rights of Persons other than the Holder (and the other holders of the Preferred Stock), not less than such aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock as shall (subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Purchase Agreement) be issuable (taking into account the adjustments and restrictions of Section 7) upon the conversion of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock and payment of dividends hereunder. The Corporation covenants that all shares of Common Stock that shall be so issuable shall, upon issue, be duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and, if the Conversion Shares Registration Statement is then effective under the Securities Act, shall be registered for public resale in accordance with such Conversion Shares Registration Statement. vi. Fractional Shares . No fractional shares or scrip representing fractional shares shall be issued upon the conversion of the Preferred Stock. As to any fraction of a share which the Holder would otherwise be entitled to purchase upon such conversion, the Corporation shall at its election, either pay a cash adjustment in respect of such final fraction in an amount equal to such fraction multiplied by the Conversion Price or round up to the next whole share. vii. Transfer Taxes and Expenses . The issuance of Conversion Shares on conversion of this Preferred Stock shall be made without charge to any Holder for any documentary stamp or similar taxes that may be payable in respect of the issue or delivery of such Conversion Shares, provided that the Corporation shall not be required to pay any tax that may be payable in respect of any transfer involved in the issuance and delivery of any such certificate upon conversion in a name other than that of the Holders of such shares of Preferred Stock and the Corporation shall not be required to issue or deliver such Conversion Shares unless or until the Person or Persons requesting the issuance thereof shall have paid to the Corporation the amount of such tax or shall have established to the satisfaction of the Corporation that such tax has been paid. The Corporation shall pay all Transfer Agent fees required for same-day processing of any Notice of Conversion and all fees to the Depository Trust Company (or another established clearing corporation performing similar functions) required for same-day electronic delivery of the Conversion Shares. 19 d) Beneficial Ownership Limitation . The Corporation shall not effect any conversion of the Preferred Stock, and a Holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Preferred Stock, to the extent that, after giving effect to the conversion set forth on the applicable Notice of Conversion, such Holder (together with such Holder’s Affiliates, and any Persons acting as a group together with such Holder or any of such Holder’s Affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of the Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined below). For purposes of the foregoing sentence, the number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such Holder and its Affiliates shall include the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock with respect to which such determination is being made, but shall exclude the number of shares of Common Stock which are issuable upon (i) conversion of the remaining, unconverted Stated Value of Preferred Stock beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates and (ii) exercise or conversion of the unexercised or unconverted portion of any other securities of the Corporation subject to a limitation on conversion or exercise analogous to the limitation contained herein (including, without limitation, the Preferred Stock or the Warrants) beneficially owned by such Holder or any of its Affiliates. Except as set forth in the preceding sentence, for purposes of this Section 6(d), beneficial ownership shall be calculated in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. To the extent that the limitation contained in this Section 6(d) applies, the determination of whether the Preferred Stock is convertible (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and of how many shares of Preferred Stock are convertible shall be in the sole discretion of such Holder, and the submission of a Notice of Conversion shall be deemed to be such Holder’s determination of whether the shares of Preferred Stock may be converted (in relation to other securities owned by such Holder together with any Affiliates) and how many shares of the Preferred Stock are convertible, in each case subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation. To ensure compliance with this restriction, each Holder will be deemed to represent to the Corporation each time it delivers a Notice of Conversion that such Notice of Conversion has not violated the restrictions set forth in this paragraph and the Corporation shall have no obligation to verify or confirm the accuracy of such determination. In addition, a determination as to any group status as contemplated above shall be determined in accordance with Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder . For purposes of this Section 6(d), in determining the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock, a Holder may rely on the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock as stated in the most recent of the following: (i) the Corporation’s most recent periodic or annual report filed with the Commission, as the case may be, (ii) a more recent public announcement by the Corporation or (iii) a more recent written notice by the Corporation or the Transfer Agent setting forth the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding. Upon the written or oral request of a Holder, the Corporation shall within two Trading Days confirm orally and in writing to such Holder the number of shares of Common Stock then outstanding. In any case, the number of outstanding shares of Common Stock shall be determined after giving effect to the conversion or exercise of securities of the Corporation, including the Preferred Stock, by such Holder or its Affiliates since the date as of which such number of outstanding shares of Common Stock was reported. The “ Beneficial Ownership Limitation ” shall be 4.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock issuable upon conversion of Preferred Stock held by the applicable Holder. A Holder, upon not less than 61 days’ prior notice to the Corporation, may increase or decrease the Beneficial Ownership Limitation provisions of this Section 6(d) applicable to its Preferred Stock provided that the Beneficial Ownership Limitation in no event exceeds 9.99% of the number of shares of the Common Stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of Common Stock upon conversion of this Preferred Stock held by the Holder and the provisions of this Section 6(d) shall continue to apply. Any such increase or decrease will not be effective until the 61 st day after such notice is delivered to the Corporation and shall only apply to such Holder and no other Holder. The provisions of this paragraph shall be construed and implemented in a manner otherwise than in strict conformity with the terms of this Section 6(d) to correct this paragraph (or any portion hereof) which may be defective or inconsistent with the intended Beneficial Ownership Limitation contained herein or to make changes or supplements necessary or desirable to properly give effect to such limitation. The limitations contained in this paragraph shall apply to a successor holder of Preferred Stock. 20 Section 7 . Certain Adjustments . a) Stock Dividends and Stock Splits . If the Corporation, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding: (i) pays a stock dividend or otherwise makes a distribution or distributions payable in shares of Common Stock on shares of Common Stock or any other Common Stock Equivalents (which, for avoidance of doubt, shall not include any shares of Common Stock issued by the Corporation upon conversion of, or payment of a dividend on, this Preferred Stock), (ii) subdivides outstanding shares of Common Stock into a larger number of shares, (iii) combines (including by way of a reverse stock split) outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, or (iv) issues, in the event of a reclassification of shares of the Common Stock, any shares of capital stock of the Corporation, then the Conversion Price shall be multiplied by a fraction of which the numerator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) outstanding immediately before such event, and of which the denominator shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event. Any adjustment made pursuant to this Section 7(a) shall become effective immediately after the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive such dividend or distribution and shall become effective immediately after the effective date in the case of a subdivision, combination or re-classification. b) Subsequent Equity Sales . If, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding, the Corporation or any Subsidiary, as applicable sells or grants any option to purchase or sells or grants any right to reprice, or otherwise disposes of or issues (or announces any sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition), any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents entitling any Person to acquire shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the then Conversion Price (such lower price, the “ Base Conversion Price ” and such issuances, collectively, a “ Dilutive Issuance ”) (if the holder of the Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents so issued shall at any time, whether by operation of purchase price adjustments, reset provisions, floating conversion, exercise or exchange prices or otherwise, or due to warrants, options or rights per share which are issued in connection with such issuance, be entitled to receive shares of Common Stock at an effective price per share that is lower than the Conversion Price, such issuance shall be deemed to have occurred for less than the Conversion Price on such date of the Dilutive Issuance), then the Conversion Price shall be reduced to equal the Base Conversion Price. Such adjustment shall be made whenever such Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents are issued. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no adjustment will be made under this Section 7(b) in respect of an Exempt Issuance. If the Corporation enters into a Variable Rate Transaction, despite the prohibition set forth in the Purchase Agreement, the Corporation shall be deemed to have issued Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents at the lowest possible conversion price at which such securities may be converted or exercised. The Corporation shall notify the Holders in writing, no later than the Trading Day following the issuance of any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents subject to this Section 7(b), indicating therein the applicable issuance price, or applicable reset price, exchange price, conversion price and other pricing terms (such notice, the “ Dilutive Issuance Notice ”). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Corporation provides a Dilutive Issuance Notice pursuant to this Section 7(b), upon the occurrence of any Dilutive Issuance, the Holders are entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the Base Conversion Price on or after the date of such Dilutive Issuance, regardless of whether a Holder accurately refers to the Base Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion. 21 c) Subsequent Rights Offerings . In addition to any adjustments pursuant to Section 7(a) above, if at any time the Corporation grants, issues or sells any Common Stock Equivalents or rights to purchase stock, warrants, securities or other property pro rata to the record holders of any class of shares of Common Stock (the “ Purchase Rights ”), then the Holder will be entitled to acquire, upon the terms applicable to such Purchase Rights, the aggregate Purchase Rights which the Holder could have acquired if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete conversion of such Holder’s Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on exercise hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date on which a record is taken for the grant, issuance or sale of such Purchase Rights, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the grant, issue or sale of such Purchase Rights (provided, however, to the extent that the Holder’s right to participate in any such Purchase Right would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Purchase Right to such extent (or beneficial ownership of such shares of Common Stock as a result of such Purchase Right to such extent) and such Purchase Right to such extent shall be held in abeyance for the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). d) Pro Rata Distributions . During such time as this Preferred Stock is outstanding, if the Corporation declares or makes any dividend or other distribution of its assets (or rights to acquire its assets) to holders of shares of Common Stock, by way of return of capital or otherwise (including, without limitation, any distribution of cash, stock or other securities, property or options by way of a dividend, spin off, reclassification, corporate rearrangement, scheme of arrangement or other similar transaction) (a " Distribution "), at any time after the issuance of this Preferred Stock, then, in each such case, the Holder shall be entitled to participate in such Distribution to the same extent that the Holder would have participated therein if the Holder had held the number of shares of Common Stock acquirable upon complete Conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on Conversion hereof, including without limitation, the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) immediately before the date of which a record is taken for such Distribution, or, if no such record is taken, the date as of which the record holders of shares of Common Stock are to be determined for the participation in such Distribution ( provided , however , to the extent that the Holder's right to participate in any such Distribution would result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation, then the Holder shall not be entitled to participate in such Distribution to such extent (or in the beneficial ownership of any shares of Common Stock as a result of such Distribution to such extent) and the portion of such Distribution shall be held in abeyance for the benefit of the Holder until such time, if ever, as its right thereto would not result in the Holder exceeding the Beneficial Ownership Limitation). 22 e) Fundamental Transaction . If, at any time while this Preferred Stock is outstanding, (i) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any merger or consolidation of the Corporation with or into another Person, (ii) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, effects any sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets in one or a series of related transactions, (iii) any, direct or indirect, purchase offer, tender offer or exchange offer (whether by the Corporation or another Person) is completed pursuant to which holders of Common Stock are permitted to sell, tender or exchange their shares for other securities, cash or property and has been accepted by the holders of 50% or more of the outstanding Common Stock, (iv) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions effects any reclassification, reorganization or recapitalization of the Common Stock or any compulsory share exchange pursuant to which the Common Stock is effectively converted into or exchanged for other securities, cash or property, or (v) the Corporation, directly or indirectly, in one or more related transactions consummates a stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination (including, without limitation, a reorganization, recapitalization, spin-off or scheme of arrangement) with another Person whereby such other Person acquires more than 50% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock (not including any shares of Common Stock held by the other Person or other Persons making or party to, or associated or affiliated with the other Persons making or party to, such stock or share purchase agreement or other business combination) (each a “ Fundamental Transaction ”), then, upon any subsequent conversion of this Preferred Stock, the Holder shall have the right to receive, for each Conversion Share that would have been issuable upon such conversion immediately prior to the occurrence of such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Preferred Stock), the number of shares of Common Stock of the successor or acquiring corporation or of the Corporation, if it is the surviving corporation, and any additional consideration (the “ Alternate Consideration ”) receivable as a result of such Fundamental Transaction by a holder of the number of shares of Common Stock for which this Preferred Stock is convertible immediately prior to such Fundamental Transaction (without regard to any limitation in Section 6(d) on the conversion of this Preferred Stock). For purposes of any such conversion, the determination of the Conversion Price shall be appropriately adjusted to apply to such Alternate Consideration based on the amount of Alternate Consideration issuable in respect of one share of Common Stock in such Fundamental Transaction, and the Corporation shall apportion the Conversion Price among the Alternate Consideration in a reasonable manner reflecting the relative value of any different components of the Alternate Consideration. If holders of Common Stock are given any choice as to the securities, cash or property to be received in a Fundamental Transaction, then the Holder shall be given the same choice as to the Alternate Consideration it receives upon any conversion of this Preferred Stock following such Fundamental Transaction. To the extent necessary to effectuate the foregoing provisions, any successor to the Corporation or surviving entity in such Fundamental Transaction shall file a new Certificate of Designation with the same terms and conditions and issue to the Holders new preferred stock consistent with the foregoing provisions and evidencing the Holders’ right to convert such preferred stock into Alternate Consideration. The Corporation shall cause any successor entity in a Fundamental Transaction in which the Corporation is not the survivor (the “ Successor Entity ”) to assume in writing all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7(e) pursuant to written agreements in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Holder and approved by the Holder (without unreasonable delay) prior to such Fundamental Transaction and shall, at the option of the holder of this Preferred Stock, deliver to the Holder in exchange for this Preferred Stock a security of the Successor Entity evidenced by a written instrument substantially similar in form and substance to this Preferred Stock which is convertible for a corresponding number of shares of capital stock of such Successor Entity (or its parent entity) equivalent to the shares of Common Stock acquirable and receivable upon conversion of this Preferred Stock (without regard to any limitations on the conversion of this Preferred Stock) prior to such Fundamental Transaction, and with a conversion price which applies the conversion price hereunder to such shares of capital stock (but taking into account the relative value of the shares of Common Stock pursuant to such Fundamental Transaction and the value of such shares of capital stock, such number of shares of capital stock and such conversion price being for the purpose of protecting the economic value of this Preferred Stock immediately prior to the consummation of such Fundamental Transaction), and which is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the Holder. Upon the occurrence of any such Fundamental Transaction, the Successor Entity shall succeed to, and be substituted for (so that from and after the date of such Fundamental Transaction, the provisions of this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents referring to the “Corporation” shall refer instead to the Successor Entity), and may exercise every right and power of the Corporation and shall assume all of the obligations of the Corporation under this Certificate of Designation and the other Transaction Documents with the same effect as if such Successor Entity had been named as the Corporation herein. 23 f) Milestone-Related Adjustment . If, as determined on December 31, 2014, the Corporation has registered a number of actual Subscribers (“ Actual Subscribers ”) that is less than the Required Number of Subscribers, then the Conversion Price shall be reduced, and only reduced, on January 1, 2015 to equal the then current Conversion Price multiplied by a fraction in which (i) the numerator equals the number of Actual Subscribers on December 31, 2014 and (ii) the denominator equals the Required Number of Subscribers. By way of illustration only, if the Corporation has registered 95,000 Actual Subscribers on December 31, 2014 and the then current Conversion Price is $1.00, the then current Conversion Price shall be multiplied by the fraction of 95,000/100,000 and the Conversion Price shall be adjusted to $0.95 on January 1, 2015. The Corporation shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the Commission on the first Trading Day following December 31, 2014 to publicly disclose the Corporation’s number of Actual Subscribers on December 31, 2014 (“ Subscriber 8-K ”), provided that, if the Corporation has previously publicly disclosed in an SEC Report that the Corporation has registered a number of Actual Subscribers that exceeds the Required Number of Subscribers, such Subscriber 8-K shall not be required hereunder. In addition, within one Trading Day following any adjustment to the Conversion Price pursuant to this Section 7(f), the Corporation shall deliver written notice to each Holder that sets forth the adjustment hereunder and the basis therefor (“ Subscriber Adjustment Notice ”), provided that in no event shall the Corporation deliver the Subscriber Adjustment Notice prior to the filing of the Subscriber 8-K required hereunder. If the Corporation has not previously publicly disclosed in an SEC Report that the Corporation has registered a number of Actual Subscribers that exceeds the Required Number of Subscribers and the Corporation shall fail to publicly disclose the number of Actual Subscribers on December 31, 2014 in the Subscriber 8-K as required hereunder, the Corporation shall be deemed to have one Actual Subscriber and the Conversion Price shall accordingly be adjusted on January 1, 2015 pursuant to this Section 7(f). For purposes of clarification, whether or not the Corporation provides a Subscriber Adjustment Notice pursuant to this Section 7(f), the Holders are entitled to receive a number of Conversion Shares based upon the adjusted Conversion Price on or after the date of the adjustment hereunder, regardless of whether a Holder accurately refers to the adjusted Conversion Price in the Notice of Conversion. For purposes of clarity, the Conversion Price can only be adjusted downward pursuant to this Section 7(f). 24 g) Calculations . All calculations under this Section 7 shall be made to the nearest cent or the nearest 1/100th of a share, as the case may be. For purposes of this Section 7, the number of shares of Common Stock deemed to be issued and outstanding as of a given date shall be the sum of the number of shares of Common Stock (excluding any treasury shares of the Corporation) issued and outstanding. h) Notice to the Holders . i. Adjustment to Conversion Price . Whenever the Conversion Price is adjusted pursuant to any provision of this Section 7, the Corporation shall promptly deliver to each Holder a notice setting forth the Conversion Price after such adjustment and setting forth a brief statement of the facts requiring such adjustment. ii. Notice to Allow Conversion by Holder . If (A) the Corporation shall declare a dividend (or any other distribution in whatever form) on the Common Stock, (B) the Corporation shall declare a special nonrecurring cash dividend on or a redemption of the Common Stock, (C) the Corporation shall authorize the granting to all holders of the Common Stock of rights or warrants to subscribe for or purchase any shares of capital stock of any class or of any rights, (D) the approval of any stockholders of the Corporation shall be required in connection with any reclassification of the Common Stock, any consolidation or merger to which the Corporation is a party, any sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of the Corporation, or any compulsory share exchange whereby the Common Stock is converted into other securities, cash or property or (E) the Corporation shall authorize the voluntary or involuntary dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the affairs of the Corporation, then, in each case, the Corporation shall cause to be filed at each office or agency maintained for the purpose of conversion of this Preferred Stock, and shall cause to be delivered to each Holder at its last address as it shall appear upon the stock books of the Corporation, at least twenty (20) calendar days prior to the applicable record or effective date hereinafter specified, a notice stating (x) the date on which a record is to be taken for the purpose of such dividend, distribution, redemption, rights or warrants, or if a record is not to be taken, the date as of which the holders of the Common Stock of record to be entitled to such dividend, distributions, redemption, rights or warrants are to be determined or (y) the date on which such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange is expected to become effective or close, and the date as of which it is expected that holders of the Common Stock of record shall be entitled to exchange their shares of the Common Stock for securities, cash or other property deliverable upon such reclassification, consolidation, merger, sale, transfer or share exchange, provided that the failure to deliver such notice or any defect therein or in the delivery thereof shall not affect the validity of the corporate action required to be specified in such notice. To the extent that any notice provided hereunder constitutes, or contains, material, non-public information regarding the Corporation or any of the Subsidiaries, the Corporation shall simultaneously file such notice with the Commission pursuant to a Current Report on Form 8-K. The Holder shall remain entitled to convert the Conversion Amount of this Preferred Stock (or any part hereof) during the 20-day period commencing on the date of such notice through the effective date of the event triggering such notice except as may otherwise be expressly set forth herein. 25 Section 8 . Optional Redemption at Election of Corporation . Subject to the provisions of this Section 8, at any time after May 1, 2015, the Corporation may deliver a notice to the Holders (an “ Optional Redemption Notice ” and the date such notice is deemed delivered hereunder, the “ Optional Redemption Notice Date ”) of its irrevocable election to redeem some or all of the then outstanding Preferred Stock, for cash in an amount equal to the Optional Redemption Amount on the 20 th Trading Day following the Optional Redemption Notice Date (such date, the “ Optional Redemption Date ” and such redemption, the “ Optional Redemption ”). The Optional Redemption Amount (or Adjusted Optional Redemption Amount as contemplated by Section 3(a)) is payable in full on the Optional Redemption Date. The Corporation may only effect an Optional Redemption if each of the Equity Conditions shall have been met on each Trading Day occurring during the period commencing on the Optional Redemption Notice Date through to the Optional Redemption Date and through and including the date payment of the Optional Redemption Amount is actually made . If any of the Equity Conditions shall cease to be satisfied at any time during the 20 Trading Day period, then a Holder may elect to nullify the Optional Redemption Notice as to such Holder by notice to the Corporation within 3 Trading Days after the first day on which any such Equity Condition has not been met (provided that if, by a provision of the Transaction Documents, the Corporation is obligated to notify the Holders of the non-existence of an Equity Condition, such notice period shall be extended to the third Trading Day after proper notice from the Corporation ) in which case the Optional Redemption Notice shall be null and void, ab initio . The Corporation covenants and agrees that it will honor all Notices of Conversion tendered from the time of delivery of the Optional Redemption Notice through the date the Optional Redemption Amount (or Adjusted Optional Redemption Amount as contemplated in Section 3(a)) is paid in full. 26 Section 9 . Negative Covenants . As long as any shares of Preferred Stock are outstanding, unless the Primary Holders that hold Preferred Stock shall have otherwise given prior written consent, the Corporation shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly (unless the Primary Holders no longer hold any Preferred Stock, in which case the Corporation shall not, and shall not permit any of the Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, without the prior written consent from the Holders of a majority of the then outstanding Preferred Stock): a) other than Permitted Indebtedness, enter into, create, incur, assume, guarantee or suffer to exist any indebtedness for borrowed money of any kind, including but not limited to, a guarantee, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom; b) other than Permitted Liens, enter into, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Liens of any kind, on or with respect to any of its property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired or any interest therein or any income or profits therefrom; c) amend its charter documents, including, without limitation, its certificate of incorporation and bylaws, in any manner that materially and adversely affects any rights of the Holder; d) repay, repurchase or offer to repay, repurchase or otherwise acquire more than a de minimis number of shares of its Common Stock, Common Stock Equivalents or Junior Securities, other than as to (i) the Conversion Shares or Warrant Shares as permitted or required under the Transaction Documents and (ii) repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents of departing officers and directors of the Corporation, provided that such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $100,000 for all officers and directors for so long as the Preferred Stock is outstanding; e) pay cash dividends or distributions on Junior Securities of the Corporation, other than regularly scheduled dividend payments on the Series D Preferred Stock and the Series E Preferred Stock, provided that the Corporation is in full compliance with its obligations, including its payment obligations, under the Preferred Stock; 27 f) enter into any transaction with any Affiliate of the Corporation which would be required to be disclosed in any public filing with the Commission, unless such transaction is made on an arm’s-length basis and expressly approved by a majority of the disinterested directors of the Corporation (even if less than a quorum otherwise required for board approval); or g) enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing. Section 10 . Redemption Upon Triggering Events . a) “ Triggering Event ” means, wherever used herein any of the following events (whatever the reason for such event and whether such event shall be voluntary or involuntary or effected by operation of law or pursuant to any judgment, decree or order of any court, or any order, rule or regulation of any administrative or governmental body): i. the Corporation shall fail to deliver Conversion Shares issuable upon a conversion hereunder that comply with the provisions hereof prior to the fifth Trading Day after such shares are required to be delivered hereunder, or the Corporation shall provide written notice to any Holder, including by way of public announcement, at any time, of its intention not to comply with requests for conversion of any shares of Preferred Stock in accordance with the terms hereof; ii. the Corporation shall fail for any reason to pay in full the amount of cash due pursuant to a Buy-In within five calendar days after notice therefor is delivered hereunder; iii. the Corporation shall fail to have available a sufficient number of authorized and unreserved shares of Common Stock to issue to such Holder upon a conversion hereunder; iv. unless specifically addressed elsewhere in this Certificate of Designation as a Triggering Event, the Corporation shall fail to observe or perform any other covenant, agreement or warranty contained in, or otherwise commit any breach of the Transaction Documents, and such failure or breach shall not, if subject to the possibility of a cure by the Corporation, have been cured within 30 calendar days after the date on which written notice of such failure or breach shall have been delivered; 28 v. any breach of the agreements delivered to the Company at the Closing pursuant to Sections 2.3(b)(vi) and 2.3(b)(vii) of the Purchase Agreement; vi. the Corporation shall redeem more than a de minimis number of Junior Securities other than as to repurchases of Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents from departing officers and directors, provided that, while any of the Preferred Stock remains outstanding, such repurchases shall not exceed an aggregate of $100,000 from all officers and directors; vii. the Corporation shall be party to a Change of Control Transaction; viii. there shall have occurred a Bankruptcy Event; ix. the Common Stock shall fail to be listed or quoted for trading on a Trading Market for more than five Trading Days, which need not be consecutive Trading Days; x. the electronic transfer by the Company of shares of Common Stock through the Depository Trust Company or another established clearing corporation is no longer available or is subject to a “chill”; or xi. any monetary judgment, writ or similar final process shall be entered or filed against the Corporation, any subsidiary or any of their respective property or other assets for more than $50,000, and such judgment, writ or similar final process shall remain unvacated, unbonded or unstayed for a period of 45 calendar days. b) Upon the occurrence of a Triggering Event, each Holder shall (in addition to all other rights it may have hereunder or under applicable law) have the right, exercisable at the sole option of such Holder, to require the Corporation to, (A) with respect to the Triggering Events set forth in Sections 10(a)(i), (ii), (iv), (xi), (vii) (as to Changes of Control approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation) and (viii) (as to voluntary filings only), redeem all of the Preferred Stock then held by such Holder for a redemption price, in cash, equal to the Triggering Redemption Amount or (B) at the option of each Holder and with respect to the Triggering Events set forth in Sections 10(a)(iii), (v), (vii) (as to Changes of Control not approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation), (viii) (as to involuntary filings only), (iv), (x) and (xi), either (a) redeem all of the Preferred Stock then held by such Holder for a redemption price, in shares of Common Stock, equal to a number of shares of Common Stock equal to the Triggering Redemption Amount divided by 75% of the average of the 10 VWAPs immediately prior to the date of election hereunder or (b) increase the dividend rate on all of the outstanding Preferred Stock held by such Holder to 18% per annum thereafter. The Triggering Redemption Amount, in cash or in shares, shall be due and payable or issuable, as the case may be, within five Trading Days of the date on which the notice for the payment therefor is provided by a Holder (the “ Triggering Redemption Payment Date ”). If the Corporation fails to pay in full the Triggering Redemption Amount hereunder on the date such amount is due in accordance with this Section (whether in cash or shares of Common Stock), the Corporation will pay interest thereon at a rate equal to the lesser of 18% per annum or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, accruing daily from such date until the Triggering Redemption Amount, plus all such interest thereon, is paid in full. For purposes of this Section, a share of Preferred Stock is outstanding until such date as the applicable Holder shall have received Conversion Shares upon a conversion (or attempted conversion) thereof that meets the requirements hereof or has been paid the Triggering Redemption Amount in cash. 29 Section 11 . Miscellaneous . a) Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Holders hereunder including, without limitation, any Notice of Conversion, shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service, addressed to the Corporation, at the address set forth above Attention: David G. Derrick, Chief Executive Officer, facsimile number 801-451-5736, or such other facsimile number or address as the Corporation may specify for such purposes by notice to the Holders delivered in accordance with this Section 11. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries to be provided by the Corporation hereunder shall be in writing and delivered personally, by facsimile, or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service addressed to each Holder at the facsimile number or address of such Holder appearing on the books of the Corporation, or if no such facsimile number or address appears on the books of the Corporation, at the principal place of business of such Holder, as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. Any notice or other communication or deliveries hereunder shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (i) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any date, (ii) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number set forth in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (iii) the second Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (iv) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. b) Absolute Obligation . Except as expressly provided herein, no provision of this Certificate of Designation shall alter or impair the obligation of the Corporation, which is absolute and unconditional, to pay liquidated damages, accrued dividends and accrued interest, as applicable, on the shares of Preferred Stock at the time, place, and rate, and in the coin or currency, herein prescribed. 30 c) Lost or Mutilated Preferred Stock Certificate . If a Holder’s Preferred Stock certificate shall be mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Corporation shall execute and deliver, in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation of a mutilated certificate, or in lieu of or in substitution for a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, a new certificate for the shares of Preferred Stock so mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, but only upon receipt of evidence of such loss, theft or destruction of such certificate, and of the ownership hereof reasonably satisfactory to the Corporation. d) Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Certificate of Designation shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. Each party agrees that all legal proceedings concerning the interpretation, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by any of the Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, directors, officers, shareholders, employees or agents) shall be commenced in the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan (the “ New York Courts ”). Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of such New York Courts, or such New York Courts are improper or inconvenient venue for such proceeding. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Certificate of Designation and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any other manner permitted by applicable law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Certificate of Designation or the transactions contemplated hereby. If any party shall commence an action or proceeding to enforce any provisions of this Certificate of Designation, then the prevailing party in such action or proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred in the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such action or proceeding. 31 e) Waiver . Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder of a breach of any provision of this Certificate of Designation shall not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other breach of such provision or of any breach of any other provision of this Certificate of Designation or a waiver by any other Holders. The failure of the Corporation or a Holder to insist upon strict adherence to any term of this Certificate of Designation on one or more occasions shall not be considered a waiver or deprive that party (or any other Holder) of the right thereafter to insist upon strict adherence to that term or any other term of this Certificate of Designation on any other occasion. Any waiver by the Corporation or a Holder must be in writing. f) Severability . If any provision of this Certificate of Designation is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the balance of this Certificate of Designation shall remain in effect, and if any provision is inapplicable to any Person or circumstance, it shall nevertheless remain applicable to all other Persons and circumstances. If it shall be found that any interest or other amount deemed interest due hereunder violates the applicable law governing usury, the applicable rate of interest due hereunder shall automatically be lowered to equal the maximum rate of interest permitted under applicable law. g) Next Business Day . Whenever any payment or other obligation hereunder shall be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. h) Headings . The headings contained herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Certificate of Designation and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. i) Status of Converted or Redeemed Preferred Stock . Shares of Preferred Stock may only be issued pursuant to the Purchase Agreement. If any shares of Preferred Stock shall be converted, redeemed or reacquired by the Corporation, such shares shall resume the status of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock and shall no longer be designated as Series F Variable Rate Convertible Preferred Stock. ********************* 32 RESOLVED, FURTHER, that the Chairman, the president or any vice-president, and the secretary or any assistant secretary, of the Corporation be and they hereby are authorized and directed to prepare and file this Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations in accordance with the foregoing resolution and the provisions of Delaware law. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has executed this Certificate this ___ day of August 2014. __________________________________________ Name: Marc Bratsman Title: CFO and Secretary 33 ANNEX A NOTICE OF CONVERSION (TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IN ORDER TO CONVERT SHARES OF PREFERRED STOCK) The undersigned hereby elects to convert the number of shares of Series F Variable Rate Convertible Preferred Stock indicated below into shares of common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the “ Common Stock ”), of ActiveCare, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Corporation ”), according to the conditions hereof, as of the date written below. If shares of Common Stock are to be issued in the name of a Person other than the undersigned, the undersigned will pay all transfer taxes payable with respect thereto and is delivering herewith such certificates and opinions as may be required by the Corporation in accordance with the Purchase Agreement. No fee will be charged to the Holders for any conversion, except for any such transfer taxes. Conversion calculations: Date to Effect Conversion: _____________________________________________ Number of shares of Preferred Stock owned prior to Conversion: _______________ Number of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: ________________________ Stated Value of shares of Preferred Stock to be Converted: ____________________ Number of shares of Common Stock to be Issued: ___________________________ Applicable Conversion Price:____________________________________________ Number of shares of Preferred Stock subsequent to Conversion: ________________ DWAC Instructions: Broker no: _________ Account no: ___________ [HOLDER] By:___________________________________ Name: Title: 34 EX-10.19 3 exhibit10-19.htm FORM OF DIVIDEND AGREEMENT RELATED TO EXHIBIT NUMBER (10)(XVIII) exhibit10-19.htm Exhibit 10.19 DIVIDEND AGREEMENT THIS DIVIDEND AGREEMENT (this “ Agreement ”), dated as of August 15th, 2014, and effective from the date of the Purchase Agreement (as defined below), is entered into among ActiveCare, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “ Company ”), and each of Hillair Capital Investments L.P., Alpha Capital Anstalt and Osher Capital Partners LLC (the “ Primary Holders ”). Capitalized terms used herein, but not otherwise defined, shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Purchase Agreement (as defined below). WHEREAS , the Company, the Primary Holders and certain other parties entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, dated December 16, 2013 (as amended, the “ Purchase Agreement ”), and the other transaction documents entered into in connection therewith, pursuant to which the Company created and issued a new series of preferred stock designated as Series F Variable Rate Convertible Preferred Stock (the “ Preferred Stock ”) pursuant to a Certificate of Designation for the Preferred Stock (“ Certificate of Designation ”); WHEREAS , the Company and the Primary Holders agree, subject to certain conditions hereunder, to permit the Company to issue to the Primary Holders shares of Common Stock in lieu of cash dividend payments. NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound hereby, agree as follows: 1. Consent to Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation . Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, each Primary Holder shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Company a Consent in Lieu of Special Meeting of Series F Preferred Stockholders, substantially in the form of Exhibit D attached hereto, with respect to the amendment and restatement of the Certificate of Designation (the “ Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation ”). 2. Amendment to Certificate of Designation . The Company shall take all necessary action to effectuate the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation, including the filing of the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designation with the Secretary of State of Delaware on the date hereof, and shall deliver evidence of the filing and acceptance thereof to each Primary Holder. 3. Representations and Warranties of the Company . The Company hereby makes the representations and warranties set forth below to the Primary Holders as of the date of its execution of this Agreement: (i) Authorization; Enforcement . The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder in accordance with the terms hereof. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company, the Board of Directors or the Company's stockholders in connection therewith. This Agreement has been duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. (ii) No Conflicts . The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby, subject to the terms hereof and thereof, do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company's or any Subsidiary's certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the Company or any Subsidiary, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) conflict with or result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. (iii) Holding Period . Company acknowledges and agrees that this amendment is an accommodation to the Company by the Holders and is being made with no additional consideration. As such, the holding period of the Preferred Stock pursuant to Rule 144 shall extend back to December 13, 2013. (iv) Survival and Bring Down . All of the Company's representations and warranties contained in this Agreement shall survive the execution, delivery and acceptance of this Agreement by the parties hereto. The Company expressly reaffirms that each of the representations and warranties set forth in each of the Purchase Agreement (as supplemented or qualified by the disclosures in any disclosure schedule to any Purchase Agreement), continues to be true, accurate and complete in all material respects as of the date hereof (except as set forth in the disclosure schedules attached hereto) (the “ Bring Down Disclosure Schedule ”), and except for any representation and warranty made as of a certain date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true, accurate and complete as of such date), and the Company hereby remakes and incorporates herein by reference each such representation and warranty (as qualified by the Bring Down Disclosure Schedule) as though made on the date of this Agreement. Further, for clarity, the term “Transaction Documents” as defined under the Purchase Agreement shall expressly include this Agreement. 4. Representations and Warranties of the Primary Holders . Each Primary Holder, severally and not jointly with the other Primary Holders, hereby represents and warrants that the representations and warranties contained in Sections 3.2(b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) are true and correct as they relate to the issuance of the Additional Preferred Stock. Additionally, each Primary Holder, severally and not jointly with the other Primary Holders, hereby makes the representations and warranties below to the Company s of the date of its execution of this Agreement: (a) the execution and delivery of this Agreement by it and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on its behalf and (b) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Primary Holder and constitutes the valid and binding obligation of such Primary Holder, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms except (i) as limited by general equitable principles and applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other laws of general application affecting enforcement of creditors' rights generally, (ii) as limited by laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies and (iii) insofar as indemnification and contribution provisions may be limited by applicable law. 5. Public Disclosure . On or before August 20, 2014, the Company shall have publicly disclosed the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder in a filing with the Commission. 6. Fees and Expenses . The Company agrees to pay Ellenoff Grossman & Schole LLP the reasonable legal fees and expenses of the Primary Holders in connection herewith and certain expenses incurred with prior negotiations. Except as expressly set forth herein or in the Transaction Documents to the contrary, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its advisors, counsel, accountants and other experts, if any, and all other expenses incurred by such party incident to the negotiation, preparation, execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and any prior amendments (whether executed or not). 7. Effect on Transaction Documents . Except as expressly modified by this Agreement, as amended, or the Certificate of Designation, all of the terms and conditions of the Transaction Documents shall continue in full force and effect after the execution of this Agreement and shall not be in any way changed, modified or superseded by the terms set forth herein, including, but not limited to, any other obligations the Company may have to the Primary Holders under the Transaction Documents, as amended. 8. Notices . Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be provided as set forth in the Purchase Agreement. 9. Governing Law . All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York in accordance with Section 5.9 of the Purchase Agreement. 10. Execution and Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile or “.pdf” signature page were an original thereof. 11. Independent Nature of Primary Holders’ Obligations and Rights . The obligations of each Primary Holder hereunder are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Primary Holders hereunder, and no Primary Holder shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Primary Holder hereunder. Nothing contained herein or in any other agreement or document delivered at any closing, and no action taken by any Primary Holder pursuant hereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Primary Holders as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Primary Holders are in any way acting in concert with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each Primary Holder shall be entitled to protect and enforce its rights, including, but not limited to, the rights arising out of this Agreement, and it shall not be necessary for any other Primary Holder to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. (f) Equal Treatment of Holders . No consideration (including any modification of any applicable transaction documents related to the Series F Preferred Stock or Series G Preferred Stock) shall be offered or paid to any Person to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provisions related to the issuance of the Series F Preferred Stock and Series G Warrants and the Series G Preferred Stock and related Warrants unless the same consideration is also offered to all of the holders of such securities. For clarification purposes, this provision constitutes a separate right granted to each such holder by the Company and is intended for the Company to treat such holders as a class and shall not in any way be construed as such holders acting in concert or as a group with respect to the purchase, disposition or voting of any securities held by such holders or otherwise. 12. Severability . If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions set forth herein shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and the parties hereto shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to find and employ an alternative means to achieve the same or substantially the same result as that contemplated by such term, provision, covenant or restriction. It is hereby stipulated and declared to be the intention of the parties that they would have executed the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and restrictions without including any of such that may be hereafter declared invalid, illegal, void or unenforceable. [SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Dividend Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. ACTIVECARE, INC. By:___________________________ Name: Marc Bratsman Title: Chief Financial Officer ******************** [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK SIGNATURE PAGES FOR HOLDERS FOLLOW] [HOLDER'S SIGNATURE PAGE TO ACAR DIVIDEND AGREEMENT] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Dividend Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. Name of Primary Holder: ___ HILLAIR CAPITAL INVESTMENT L.P. ____________ Signature of Authorized Signatory of Primary Holder : __________________________ Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________ Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________ [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE] [HOLDER'S SIGNATURE PAGE TO ACAR DIVIDEND AGREEMENT] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Dividend Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. Name of Primary Holder: ___ ALPHA CAPITAL ANSTALT ____________________ Signature of Authorized Signatory of Primary Holder : __________________________ Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________ Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________ [SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE] [HOLDER'S SIGNATURE PAGE TO ACAR DIVIDEND AGREEMENT] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Dividend Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. Name of Primary Holder: ___ OSHER CAPITAL PARTNERS LLC _______________ Signature of Authorized Signatory of Primary Holder : __________________________ Name of Authorized Signatory: _________________________ Title of Authorized Signatory: __________________________ EX-31.1 4 exhibit31-1.htm CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE (PRINCIPAL) EXECUTIVE OFFICER UNDER RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) exhibit31-1.htm Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Michael Z. Jones, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ActiveCare, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ Michael Z. Jones Name: Michael Z. Jones Title: Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: January 13, 2015 EX-31.2 5 exhibit31-2.htm CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF FINANCIAL (PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL AND ACCOUNTING) OFFICER UNDER RULE 13A-14(A)/15D-14(A) exhibit31-2.htm Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Marc C Bratsman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ActiveCare, Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant’s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant’s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant’s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant’s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant’s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant’s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant’s internal control over financial reporting. /s/ Marc C Bratsman Name: Marc C Bratsman Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) Date: January 13, 2015 EX-32.1 6 exhibit32-1.htm CERTIFICATION?OF?CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.SECTION 1350 exhibit32-1.htm Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT I, Michael Z. Jones, Interim Chief Executive Officer of ActiveCare, Inc. (the “Company”), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2014 (the “Report”) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: January 13, 2015 /s/ Michael Z. Jones Michael Z. Jones Interim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. EX-32.2 7 exhibit32-2.htm CERTIFICATION?OF?CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.SECTION 1350 exhibit32-2.htm Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT I, Marc C Bratsman, Chief Financial Officer of ActiveCare, Inc. (the “Company”), certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: (1) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended September 30, 2014 (the “Report”) fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m); and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: January 13, 2015 /s/ Marc C Bratsman Marc C Bratsman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. EX-101.INS 8 acar-20140930.xml XBRL INSTANCE DOCUMENT 0.00001 10000000 120431 1479941 0.00001 0.00001 200000000 45815351 21775303 3585379 3446827 5 4 46 29643769 -37359214 -7715390 480000 386103 4636977 16 475484 475500 1579632 2 225298 225300 166200 2 334265 334267 189345 134 18466989 18467123 13439190 13 1838820 1838833 1313334 2 251562 251564 200625 -1 3 -2 -50000 250000 5 1800526 1800531 484185 1 817482 817483 103843 66881 66881 14087 1 614764 614765 61723 1750274 1750274 289732 289732 202572 202572 4417456 4417456 1323672 1323672 -27137602 -320868 5 9 1 218 62519544 -64817684 480000 938218 61723 21775303 109 749896 750005 10896970 3 41888 41891 349822 1 163069 163070 37 2447889 17 541222 541239 1723100 3 148241 -5 7 -2 -9 63 -54 83473 574592 2175002 1405769 2051758 2051758 590887 590887 263117 263117 116100 116100 716807 -716807 -13461587 -737138 1 458 73183429 -78327447 45000 70070 5361 45815351 -1122862 -1232734 -373293 333406 -3378938 -2159828 206441 1286999 883118 601220 -919032 -3097009 497792 0 0 -55096 1660729 0 216668 -1290312 1367477 -4440258 -48494 -16822 1193106 -5787603 -157652 -23174 77355 -82316 -4413079 -8944697 70043 249771 -29078 0 0 -235917 0 -184318 0 4900 -99121 -296470 3580771 0 0 981500 2801166 5720799 680000 3790496 1204166 198606 1036809 1341755 335570 17271 4485392 8935163 -26808 -306004 529839 219717 745423 1782738 737138 320868 633254 370633 2252376 325000 234793 144642 318445 0 4484801 0 1920797 0 1410147 0 991750 0 14899 6107941 4245404 6437943 3323011 -330002 922393 9800374 8752277 10015448 9357447 -10345450 -8435054 1936039 5583932 -42094 -200149 55368 -45011 -1663570 -15518085 -12009020 -23953139 -1452567 -3184463 -13461587 -27137602 -2234924 0 -737138 -320868 -16433649 -27458470 -0.43 -3.30 -0.04 -0.43 -0.47 -3.73 35010000 7369000 197027 223835 1635660 1852328 1649320 4677526 141087 38998 712403 0 4335497 6792687 825894 825894 29594 106950 10724 11440 0 57220 0 5421785 10308772 4549451 6621234 1109775 251386 1669620 1892415 1212937 1278585 246738 3471 10346296 11550761 10565344 12606679 1 15 458 218 73183429 62519544 -78327447 -64817684 -5143559 -2297907 5421785 10308772 10-K 2014-09-30 false ACTIVECARE, INC. 0001429896 --09-30 47264183 13000000 Smaller Reporting Company Yes No No 2014 FY <!--egx--><p align="left" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-align:left;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><b>1.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Organization and Nature of Operations</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:15.75pt;text-indent:-15.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>ActiveCare, Inc. (&#147;ActiveCare&#148;) was formed March 5, 1998 as a wholly owned subsidiary of SecureAlert, Inc. dba Track Group [OTCQB: SCRA], a Utah corporation, formerly known as RemoteMDx, Inc. (&#147;SecureAlert&#148;).&#160; ActiveCare was spun off from SecureAlert in February 2009 and SecureAlert retained no ownership interest in ActiveCare.&#160; In July 2009, ActiveCare was reincorporated in Delaware.&#160; ActiveCare (the &#147;Company&#148;) provides products and services to those diagnosed with chronic illnesses, provides real-time visibility to health conditions and risk, and has a unique active approach in caring for members.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:15.75pt;text-indent:-15.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:15.75pt;text-indent:-15.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Going Concern</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company continues to incur negative cash flows from operating activities and net losses.&#160; The Company had negative working capital and negative total equity as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 and is in default with respect to certain debt.&#160; These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In order for the Company to eliminate substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, it must achieve profitability, generate positive cash flows from operating activities and obtain the necessary debt or equity funding to meet its projected capital investment requirements.&#160; Management&#146;s plans with respect to this uncertainty consist of raising additional capital by issuing debt or equity securities and increasing the sales of the Company&#146;s services and products.&#160; During fiscal year 2014, the Company (1) completed the sale of Series F convertible preferred stock (&#147;Series F preferred stock&#148;) for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs; (2) converted $2,326,801 of debt and accrued interest to common stock; (3) converted $574,592 of debt and accrued interest to Series F preferred stock; and (4) converted $83,473 of debt and accrued interest to Series E preferred stock. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise sufficient additional capital or that revenues will increase rapidly enough to offset operating losses.&#160; If the Company is unable to increase revenues or obtain additional financing, it will be unable to continue the development of its products and services and may have to cease operations.&#160; </p> <!--egx--><ol start="2" type="1" style='margin-top:0in'> <li style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><b>Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information</b></li> </ol> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company restated its consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 to correct the accounting related to revenue recognition for chronic illness monitoring supplies shipped to distributors, as filed in its Form 10-K/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2014. &#160;Specifically, it was determined better practice to defer revenue recognition until the products are shipped to the end users as opposed to the distributors, even though the distributors had taken title to the products and there were no significant rights of return.&#160; The corrections deferred the recognition of revenue until later periods, and did not impact cash flows related to these transactions.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&#160;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 were restated to properly reflect revenue, cost of revenue, inventory and other related balance sheet accounts related to the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment.&#160; See Form 10-K/A filed on November 12, 2014 for reconciliations of the amounts as originally reported to the corresponding restated amounts. </p> <!--egx--><ol start="3" type="1" style='margin-top:0in'> <li style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><b>Summary of Significant Accounting Policies</b></li> </ol> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in'><i>Principles of Accounting and Consolidation</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#147;US GAAP&#148;).&#160; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of ActiveCare and its wholly owned subsidiaries.&#160; All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in'><i>Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In May 2013, the Company effected a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split.&#160; The consolidated financial statements and notes for all periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse common stock split.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Discontinued Operations</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment to a third party. &#160;Additional equipment in stock was sold to another third party pursuant to a written invoice. &#160;The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to CareServices of $1,452,567 and $3,179,151, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In June 2013, the Company sold the net assets and operations of its reagents segment to a third party for $184,318 in cash.&#160; During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to its reagents segment of $0 and $5,312, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Fair Value of Financial Instruments</i></p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company measured the fair values of its assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy.&#160; The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair values due to the short-term nature and liquidity of these financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on current market pricing models. The carrying amounts reported for notes payable approximate fair value because the underlying instruments are at interest rates which approximate current market rates.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in'><i>Concentrations of Credit Risk</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company has cash in bank accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits.&#160; The Company has not experienced any losses in these accounts.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In the normal course of business, the Company provides credit terms to its customers and requires no collateral.&#160; The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers&#146; financial condition.&#160; The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon management&#146;s specific review and assessment of each account at the period end. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>During fiscal year 2014, the Company had revenues from two significant customers which represented 67% of total revenues.&#160; During fiscal year 2013, the Company had revenues from one significant customer which represented 44% of total revenues.&#160; As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, accounts receivable from significant customers represented 80% and 82% of total accounts receivable, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>During the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company purchased substantially all of its products and supplies from one vendor.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Accounts Receivable</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful accounts.&#160; Specific reserves are estimated by management based on certain assumptions and variables, including the customer&#146;s financial condition, age of the customer&#146;s receivables and changes in payment histories.&#160; Accounts receivable are written off when management determines the likelihood of collection is remote.&#160; A receivable is considered to be past due if any portion of the receivable balance has not been received by the contractual payment date.&#160; Interest is not charged on accounts receivable that are past due.&#160; The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $115,994 and $76,544 as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Inventory</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market, cost being determined using the first-in, first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;) method. Inventory is for the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment and consists of diabetic supplies.&#160; Inventory held by distributors is reported as inventory until the supplies are shipped to the end user by the distributor.&#160; The Company estimates an inventory reserve for obsolescence and excessive quantities.&#160; Due to competitive pressures and technological innovation, it is possible that estimates of net realizable values could change in the near term.&#160; Inventory consists of the following as of September 30:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-36.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><b>Chronic Illness Monitoring</b></p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Finished goods </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160; 589,423 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,249,220 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Finished goods held by distributors</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,720,626 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,428,306 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Total inventory</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,310,049 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,677,526 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Inventory reserve</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,660,729)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Net Inventory</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,649,320 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $ 4,677,526 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-36.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Property and Equipment</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization.&#160; Depreciation and amortization are determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range between 3 and 7 years.&#160; Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the terms of the lease.&#160; Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.&#160; Upon the sale or disposal of property and equipment, any gains or losses are included in operations<i>.</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Goodwill</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.&#160; The annual testing date is September 30.&#160; The identification and measurement of goodwill impairment involves the estimation of the fair value of our reporting units.&#160; The estimates of fair value of reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporate management assumptions about expected future cash flows.&#160; Future cash flows can be affected by changes in industry or market conditions.&#160; Goodwill was not impaired as of September 30, 2014 or 2013.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Impairment of Long-Lived Assets</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets, which range from two to twenty years.&#160; Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable.&#160; Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition.&#160; The Company impaired its CareServices customer contracts by $89,460 and patents by $408,332 as of September 30, 2014, which were recorded as part of discontinued operations related to the CareServices segment for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014.&#160; The impairment of the customer contracts is due to their sales price being lower than the net book value as of the date of sale.&#160; The patents impaired were solely related to the CareServices segment and provide no future cash flows after the CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers were sold in December 2014.&#160; The Company&#146;s other long-lived assets were not impaired as of September 30, 2014.&#160; No long-lived assets were impaired as of September 30, 2013.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Revenue Recognition</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Historically, revenues were from three sources: (1) sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring services and supplies; (2) sales from CareServices; (3) sales of medical diagnostic stains from the Reagents segment.&#160; The CareServices segment was sold in December 2014 and the Reagents segment was sold in June 2013.&#160; Information regarding revenue recognition policies relating to these business segments is contained in the following paragraphs.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&#160;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Chronic Illness Monitoring</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Chronic Illness Monitoring revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the product or service to the end user has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company enters into agreements with insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies (collectively, the customers) to lower medical expenses by distributing diabetic testing products and supplies to employees (end users) covered by their health plans or the health plans they manage.&#160; Cash is due from the customer or the end user&#146;s health plan as the products and supplies are deployed to the end user.&#160; The Company also monitors the end user&#146;s test results in real-time with its 24x7 CareCenter.&#160; Customers who are billed separately for monitoring are obligated to pay as the service is performed and revenue is recognized ratably over the period of the contract.&#160; The term of these contracts is generally one year and, unless terminated by either party, automatically renew for another year.&#160; Collection terms are net 30 days after claims are submitted.&#160; There is no contingent revenue in these contracts.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company also enters into agreements with distributors who take title to products and distribute those products to end users.&#160; Delivery is considered to occur when the supplies are delivered by the distributor to the end user.&#160; Cash is due from the distributor, the customer or the end user&#146;s health plan as initial products are deployed to the end user.&#160; Subsequent sales (resupplies) are shipped directly from the Company to the end user and cash is due from the customer or the end user&#146;s health plan.&#160; Shipping and handling fees are typically not charged to end users.&#160; The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues.&#160; Sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services contain multiple deliverables.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Multiple-Element Arrangements</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company evaluates each element in a multiple-element arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. In order to account for elements in a multiple-element arrangement as separate units of accounting, the deliverables must have stand-alone value upon delivery.&#160; In determining whether monitoring services have stand-alone value, the nature of the monitoring services, whether supplies are sold to new customers without monitoring services, and availability of monitoring services from the other vendors is considered.&#160; During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the Company began to provide enhanced monitoring services to a key customer, for which the Company receives a separate monthly monitoring fee.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>When multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separable into different units of accounting, the arrangement consideration is allocated to the identified separate units of accounting based on their relative selling price. Multiple-element arrangements accounting guidance provides a hierarchy to use when determining the relative selling price for each unit of accounting. Vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of selling price, based on the price at which the item is regularly sold by the vendor on a stand-alone basis, should be used if it exists. If VSOE of selling price is not available, third-party evidence (TPE) of selling price is used to establish the selling price if it exists. If VSOE of selling price and TPE of selling price are not available, then the best estimate of selling price (BESP) is to be used. During 2014, VSOE was established for monitoring services.&#160; VSOE for supplies was previously established.&#160; Therefore, total consideration under a multiple deliverable contract is allocated to supplies and monitoring through application of the relative fair value method.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&#160;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>CareServices</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&#147;CareServices&#148; include contracts in which the Company leases monitoring devices and provides monitoring services to end users.&#160; The Company typically enters into contracts on a month-to-month basis with end users that use CareServices.&#160; However, these contracts may be cancelled by either party at any time with 30-days notice.&#160; Under a standard contract, the device and service become billable on the date the end user orders the device, and remains billable until the device is returned to the Company.&#160; Revenue on devices is recognized at the end of each month the CareServices have been provided.&#160; In those circumstances in which payment is received in advance, the Company records these payments as deferred revenue.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>CareServices revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the device or service has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and payment has occurred or collection is reasonably assured.&#160; Shipping and handling fees are included as part of net revenues.&#160; The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues.&#160; All CareServices sales are made with net 30-day payment terms.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Reagents</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, the Company recognized reagents revenues when persuasive evidence of an arrangement with the customer existed, title had passed to the customer, prices were fixed or determinable, and collection was reasonably assured.&#160; Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, shipping and handling fees billed to customers were included in revenues and the related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to customers were included as a component of cost of revenues.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Research and Development Costs</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>All expenditures for research and development are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $215,074 and $605,170, respectively. The expenditures for fiscal year 2014 were for ongoing software improvements for the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system and customer portal.&#160; The expenditures for fiscal year 2013 were for the development of the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Advertising Costs</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.&#160; Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $48,778 and $59,330, respectively.&#160; Advertising expenses primarily relate to the Company&#146;s Chronic Illness Monitoring segment.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Income Taxes</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company recognizes deferred income tax assets or liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax assets or liabilities are determined based upon the difference between the financial reporting bases and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply when the differences are expected to be settled or realized.&#160; Deferred income tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability and valuation allowances are provided as necessary.&#160; As of September 30, 2014, management has provided a 100% allowance against deferred income tax assets as it is more likely than not these assets will not be realized.&#160; Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities, when incurred, are classified in interest expense and income tax provision, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Warrant Exercises and Note Conversions</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company issues common shares in connection with warrant exercises when it has received verification that the proceeds have been deposited and when it has received an exercise letter from the warrant holder.&#160; The Company issues common shares in connection with note conversions after it verifies the outstanding note balance and the eligibility of conversion, and has received a conversion letter from the lender. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Stock-Based Compensation</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award.&#160; That cost is recognized in the statements of operations over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award &#150; the requisite service period.&#160; The grant-date fair values of the equity instruments are estimated using option-pricing models adjusted for the unique characteristics of those instruments.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Net Loss Per Common Share</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Basic net loss per common share (&#147;Basic EPS&#148;) is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Diluted net loss per common share (&#147;Diluted EPS&#148;) is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the weighted-average dilutive common share equivalents then outstanding.&#160; The computation of Diluted EPS does not assume exercise or conversion of securities that would have an anti-dilutive effect. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Common share equivalents consist of shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants, shares issuable from restricted stock grants, and shares issuable from convertible notes and convertible Series C, Series D, Series E and Series F preferred stock.&#160; As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, there were 17,199,080 and 13,127,396 outstanding common share equivalents, respectively, that were not included in the computation of Diluted EPS as their effect would be anti-dilutive.&#160; The common stock equivalents outstanding consist of the following as of September 30:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Common stock options and warrants</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 10,991,576 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,598,554 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series C convertible preferred stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 480,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series D convertible preferred stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 225,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,691,090 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series E convertible preferred stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 477,830 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 601,585 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series F convertible preferred stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,361,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Convertible debt</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 133,924 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;3,738,917 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Restricted shares of common stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,750 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 17,250 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total common stock equivalents</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 17,199,080 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 13,127,396 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;text-align:center;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Recent Accounting Pronouncements</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) issued ASU 2014-08, <i>Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity</i>. ASU 2014-08 states that only disposals representing strategic shifts in operations that have, or will have, a major effect on an entity&#146;s operations should be reported as discontinued operations when any of the following occurs: The component of an entity or group of components of an entity is classified as held for sale, the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of by sale, or the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of other than by sale. ASU 2014-08 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014. &#160;Early adoption is not permitted.&#160; The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, <i>Revenue from Contracts with Customers</i>, which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing US GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after&nbsp;December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, <i>Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity&#146;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern</i>. This standard sets forth management&#146;s responsibility to evaluate, each reporting period, whether there is substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern, and if so, to provide related footnote disclosures. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance and will incorporate it in its assessment of going concern.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In November 2014, the FASB issued ASU, 2014-16, <i>Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity</i>. The ASU clarifies how current guidance should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. Specifically, the amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features, including the embedded derivative feature being evaluated for bifurcation, in evaluating the nature of a host contract. The ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>4.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Discontinued Operations</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in'>In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment. &#160;Additional equipment in stock was sold to the buyer pursuant to a written invoice. &#160;The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock.&#160; The sale included all segment assets that generated revenue related to the CareServices segment.&#160; The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in these assets and has ceased incurring costs related to the operations and development of the CareServices segment.&#160; This segment was engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile health monitoring and concierge services to distributors and consumers.&#160; The sale consisted solely of these CareServices assets. &#160;The debt secured by the CareServices customer contracts was amended in January 2015 and remains an obligation of the Company (see Note 20).&#160; There were no material liabilities of discontinued operations.&#160; Assets of discontinued operations consist of the following as of September 30.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Customer contracts, net (Note 5)</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 569,250 </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,377,301 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Equipment leased to customers, net (Note 6)</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 111,435 </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 273,631 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Patents, net, (Note 7)</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 31,718 </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 566,920 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total assets of discontinued operations</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 712,403 </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,217,852 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p align="left" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;text-align:left;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>In June 2013, the Company sold its assets and liabilities related to the reagents segment.&#160; This segment was engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing medical diagnostic stains, solutions and related equipment to hospitals and medical testing labs.&#160; The purchaser was a former employee.&#160; The sale consisted solely of the Company's reagents business.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in the reagents segment and has ceased incurring costs related to its operations and development. The sale included all applicable segment assets and liabilities including, accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, property, equipment and leased equipment.&#160; The purchaser also assumed the lease for general office and warehouse space. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>As a result of the sale of the CareServices assets and the reagents business, the Company has reflected these two segments as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements for fiscal years 2014 and 2013.&#160; The following table summarizes certain operating data for discontinued operations for fiscal years 2014 and 2013:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Revenues:</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,003,238 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,660,544 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Reagents</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 351,645 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total revenues</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;1,003,238 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,012,189 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Cost of revenues:</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 881,753 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,325,226 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Reagents</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 300,396 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total cost of revenues</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 881,753 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,625,622 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Gross profit (loss) </p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 121,485 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (613,433)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Operating expenses:</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Selling, general and administrative expenses:</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,047,629)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2,287,368)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Reagents</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (111,657)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Research and development for CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (227,101)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:21.5pt'>Total operating expenses</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,047,629)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2,626,126)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Other income (expense):</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Impairment of long-lived assets</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (497,792)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;-&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Loss on disposal of property and equipment</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (18,746)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Other expense</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (9,885)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Gain on sale of discontinued operations</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 55,096 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total other income (expense) for CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (526,423)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 55,096 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Loss from discontinued operations</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,452,567)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (3,184,463)</p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>5.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Customer Contracts</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company was amortizing Chronic Illness Monitoring customer contracts acquired during 2012 over their estimated useful lives (through 2014).&#160; As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the cost associated with these customer contracts was $214,106 and the accumulated amortization was $214,106 and $156,886, respectively.&#160; Amortization expense related to these contracts for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $57,220 and $114,440, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company sold substantially all of the CareServices customer contracts during December 2014.&#160; The Company impaired the CareServices customer contracts as of September 30, 2014 by $89,460, which has been included as part of discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014.&#160; As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, customer contracts totaled $2,066,316 and $2,155,776, respectively, and the related accumulated amortization was $1,497,067 and $778,475, respectively.&#160; Amortization expense related to the CareServices segment for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $718,592 per year.&#160; The future customer contract amortization for CareServices as of September 30, 2014 is $179,648, which will be recognized between October 1, 2014 and the date of sale as part of discontinued operations (see Note 4).</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.75in'><b>6.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Property and Equipment</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Property and equipment consist of the following as of September 30: </p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Leasehold improvements</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 151,287 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 145,147 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Software</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 100,574 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 87,361 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Furniture</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 69,776 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 32,855 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Equipment</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 54,732 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 255,339 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Equipment leased to customers</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; - </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total property and equipment</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 376,369 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 520,702 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Accumulated depreciation and amortization</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(156,293)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (223,973)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Property and equipment, net</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 220,076 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 296,729 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amounts or fair values, less the estimated costs to sell or dispose.&#160; During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded a loss on the disposal of assets of $61,239 and $200,149, respectively.&#160; The Company disposed of $25,832 of assets related to the sale of the reagents segment during fiscal year 2013.&#160; Subsequent to September 30, 2014, the Company sold all of its equipment leased to customers (see Note 4). &#160;Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $219,465 and $272,117, respectively.</p> <!--egx--> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>7.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Patent License Agreement</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal year 2009, the Company licensed the use of certain patents from a third party. &#160;Under the license agreement, the Company was required to pay $300,000 plus a 5% royalty on the net sales of all licensed products. As of September 30, 2009, the Company had capitalized the initial license fee as a long-term asset and had recorded a corresponding current liability as the fee was not yet paid. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal year 2012, the Company agreed to purchase the related patents and settle amounts owed under the license agreement by issuing 600,000 shares of common stock and 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock.&#160; The patents were valued at $922,378, based on a valuation performed by an independent third party.&#160; The value of the common stock issued was $240,000, based on the market price of the common stock on the date of issuance. The implied value of the Series C was $682,378, which was based on the difference between the value of the patents and the common stock issued in settlement of the existing liability.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company is amortizing the patents over their remaining useful lives .&#160; Amortization expense for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $126,870.&#160; The Company impaired the patents as of September 30, 2014 by $408,332, which has been included as part of discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 (see Note 4).&#160; As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the cost associated with the patents was $514,046 and $922,378, respectively, and the accumulated amortization was $482,328 and $355,458, respectively.&#160; The Company&#146;s future patent amortization as of September 30, 2014, is $31,718 which will be recognized between October 1, 2014 and the date of sale, December 31, 2014, as part of discontinued operations.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>8.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Accrued Expenses</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:.5in'>Accrued expenses consist of the following as of September 30:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:.5in'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="480" style='width:359.8pt;margin-left:5.4pt;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Liability to issue common stock </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 522,087 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Commissions and fees </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 453,744 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 88,490 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Payroll expense </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 308,529 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 272,451 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Deferred rent </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 89,346 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 55,242 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Interest </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 59,091 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 211,722 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Other </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 18,534 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;80,614 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:17.15pt'>Total accrued expenses</p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,451,331 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 708,519 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>9.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Notes Payable</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:.5in'>The Company had the following notes payable outstanding as of September 30: </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:.5in'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="640" style='width:480.0pt;margin-left:5.4pt;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Note payable secured by CareServices customer contracts, imputed interest rate of 12%, monthly installments over a 38-month term.&#160; In March 2013, the Company issued 15,000 shares of common stock to extend the term of the note.&#160; The $24,000 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the note.&#160; In January 2015, the note was amended (see Note 20).</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,103,841 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,766,971 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Secured borrowings from third parties that purchased a $337,600 customer receivable for $200,000.&#160; The Company may buy back the receivable for $233,333 less any cash payments before June 2015.&#160; The $33,333 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $20,000 of commission, paid to a related party, is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 233,333 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable with no interest, due March 2015.&#160; In connection with the issuance of the note, the Company issued warrants to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock.&#160; The $143,634 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note.&#160; The note also requires a payment of 667,000 shares of common stock at the end of the term (fair value of $230,293), which is recorded as an accrued expense.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 200,000 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured notes with interest at 15% (18% after due date), due April 2013.&#160; The Company issued 20,000 shares of Series D preferred stock as loan origination fees.&#160; The $195,000 fair value of the preferred stock was amortized over the original term of the note.&#160; Principal of $50,000 and accrued interest of $13,333 were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 64,261 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 185,476 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:76.5pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:76.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Notes payable with interest at 12%, secured by the Company's assets, due August 2014.&#160; The Company issued warrants to purchase 36,667 shares of common stock (fair value of $51,452) as due diligence fees and issued 25,000 shares of common stock&#160; (fair value of $31,250) to a related party as consideration for a personal guarantee.&#160; The notes and accrued interest were converted to Series F preferred stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:76.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:76.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:76.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 550,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note with interest at 12%, due March 2013.&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 250,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:38.25pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series A debenture loan payable with interest at 12%, secured by customer contracts, payable in monthly installments, and due February 2016. The debenture was converted to Series E preferred stock in October 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 85,719 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note with interest at 15%, due March 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 25,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total notes payable before discount</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,601,435 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,863,166 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Less discount</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (169,450)</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (528,663)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total notes payable</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,431,985 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,334,503 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Less current portion</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,212,937)</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,278,585)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Notes payable, net of current portion</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 219,048 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,055,918 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:.5in'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:.5in'>As of September 30, 2014, s<font lang="X-NONE">cheduled principal payments on notes payable are as follows: </font></p> <p>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b><u>Years Ending September 30,</u></b></p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2015</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,212,937 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2016</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 219,048 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,431,985 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt'>&nbsp;</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>10.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Related-Party Notes Payable</b></p> <p style='margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-indent:-40.3pt'><b>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; </b>The Company had the following related-party notes payable outstanding as of September 30:</p> <p style='margin-left:.5in;text-indent:-40.5pt'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Secured borrowings from entities controlled by an officer of the Company that purchased a $2,813,175 customer receivable for $1,710,500.&#160; The Company may buy back the receivable for $1,950,000 less cash received by the entities before March 2015.&#160; The $239,500 difference between the buyback and cash&#160; received plus $253,500 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,639,500 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Secured borrowings from the Chairman of the Board of Directors who purchased a $422,000 customer receivable for $250,000.&#160; The Company may buy back the receivable for $291,667 less any cash payments before June 2015.&#160; The $41,667 difference between the buyback and cash&#160; received plus $25,000 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 291,667 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due June 2012, currently in default.&#160; The note included a $3,000 loan origination fee added to the principal and is convertible into common stock at $0.50 per share.&#160; </p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 30,000 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 33,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:38.25pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013, currently in default, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 26,721 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 26,721 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by the Company&#146;s Chairman, interest at 12%, due on demand, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share.&#160; The Company issued 17,500 shares of common stock as loan origination fees.&#160; The $26,250 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note.&#160; In December 2013, $160,000 of the note was converted to common stock. &#160;</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 15,000 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; 175,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160;Unsecured note payable to an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due on demand.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 13,644 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 13,644 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due September 2013.&#160; The Company issued 60,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $93,000) as loan origination fees.&#160;&#160; The notes and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 600,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013.&#160; The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $38,100) as loan origination fees.&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 300,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013.&#160; The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $37,500) as loan origination fees.&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 300,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:38.25pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due April 2013.&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;200,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable with no interest to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 150,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12% (18% after due date), due June 2013.&#160;&#160; The Company issued 5,600 shares of Series D preferred stock (fair value of $56,252) as loan origination fees.&#160;&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 82,500 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured notes payable with no interest to an individual related to an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 10,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series B unsecured debenture to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due December 2015.&#160; The debenture and accrued interest were converted to common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,270 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total notes payable, related-party, before discount</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,016,532 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,896,135 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:21.5pt'>Less discount</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (346,912)</p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (3,720)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total notes payable, related-party</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,669,620 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,892,415 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p>&nbsp;</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>11.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Loss on Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock</b></p> <p style='margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During 2014 and 2013, the Company offered an induced conversion rate to all debt holders of $0.75 of debt per share of common stock, which was below the market price of the stock.&#160; During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, debt and accrued interest of approximately $381,000 and $10,004,000, respectively, were converted to shares of common stock. &#160;During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, debt and accrued interest due to related parties of approximately $1,946,000 were converted to shares of common stock at $0.60 of debt per share of common stock, which was below the market price of the stock.&#160; The Company also offered the private placement of common stock to existing investors at $0.75 per share, which was below the market price.&#160; The difference between the offered price and the market price of all common stock issued was approximately $114,000114,098 &#160;and $9,356,0009,355,587 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and is recorded as a loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock.&#160; </p> <!--egx--><p style='margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>12.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Fair Value Measurements</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company measured the fair values of its assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy levels as follows: </p> <div align="center"> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="515" style='width:386.2pt;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="77" valign="top" style='width:57.7pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Level 1</p> </td> <td width="438" valign="top" style='width:328.5pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company does not have any Level 1 inputs available to measure its assets.</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="77" valign="top" style='width:57.7pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Level 2 </p> </td> <td width="438" valign="top" style='width:328.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company&#146;s embedded derivative liabilities are measured on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs.</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="77" valign="top" style='width:57.7pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Level 3 </p> </td> <td width="438" valign="top" style='width:328.5pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company&#146;s goodwill is measured using Level 3 inputs.</p> </td> </tr> </table> </div> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:36.7pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company&#146;s embedded derivatives liability is re-measured to fair value as of each reporting date until the contingency is resolved.&#160; See Note 13 for more information about derivatives and the inputs used for calculating fair value.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>13.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Derivatives Liability</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 was $106,444 and $795,151, respectively.&#160; The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2013 was eliminated due to the conversion of notes payable with variable conversion features.&#160; The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2014 is related to a variable conversion price adjustment on the Series F preferred stock.&#160; The conversion price on Series F preferred stock may be adjusted from $1.00 based on the number of subscribers as of December 31, 2014. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company estimated the fair value of the embedded derivatives prior to their conversion and elimination using a binomial option-pricing model with the following assumptions, according to the instrument: exercise price of $0.35 per share; risk free interest rate of 0.060%; expected life of 0.50 years; expected dividends of 0%; a volatility factor of 104%; and a stock price of $0.24.&#160; The expected lives of the instruments were equal to the average term of the conversion option.&#160; The expected volatility is based on the historical price volatility of the Company&#146;s common stock.&#160; The risk-free interest rate represents the U.S. Treasury constant maturities rate for the expected life of the related conversion option. The dividend yield represents anticipated cash dividends to be paid over the expected life of the conversion option.&#160; The Company recognized a gain on derivatives liability for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 of $373,293 and a loss for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 of $333,406.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>14.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Preferred Stock</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of $0.00001 per share.&#160; Pursuant to the Company&#146;s Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors has the authority to amend the Company&#146;s Certificate of Incorporation, without further stockholder approval, to designate and determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the preferred stock before any issuance of the preferred stock and to create one or more series of preferred stock, fix the number of shares of each such series, and determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of each series of preferred stock, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, and liquidation preferences.&#160;&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i><u>Series C Convertible Preferred Stock </u></i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>As of September 30, 2013, the Company had 480,000 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding (&#147;Series C preferred stock&#148;).&#160; In December 2013, all 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock were converted to 672,000 shares of common stock.&#160; The conversion rate of 1.4 shares of common stock was greater than the designated conversion rate of one share of common stock and, therefore, the fair value of the additional 192,000 shares was recorded as a deemed dividend. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued $11,367 of dividends on Series C preferred stock and settled the accrued dividends by issuing 11,599 shares of common stock.&#160; The Series C preferred stock was non-voting.&#160; During fiscal year 2013, the Company issued 9,062 shares of Series D preferred stock for accrued dividends of $53,992 associated with Series C preferred stock. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i><u>Series D Convertible Preferred Stock </u></i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Board of Directors has designated 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series D convertible preferred stock (&#147;Series D preferred stock&#148;).&#160; The Series D preferred stock is voting on an as-converted basis.&#160; The Series D preferred stock has a dividend rate of 8%, payable quarterly.&#160; The Company may redeem the Series D preferred shares at a redemption price equal to 120% of the original purchase price with 15 days notice. In December 2013, 893,218 shares of Series D preferred stock were converted to 6,252,526 shares of common stock.&#160; The conversion rate of 7 shares of common stock was greater than the designated conversion rate of 5 shares of common stock and, therefore, the fair value of the additional 1,786,436 shares was recorded as a deemed dividend. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued $84,212 of dividends on Series D preferred stock and settled $77,961 of the accrued dividends by issuing 85,477 shares of common stock.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal year 2013, the Company accrued $232,834 of dividends on Series D preferred stock and settled the accrued dividends by issuing 5,025 shares of Series D preferred stock and 143,465 shares of common stock.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i><u>Series E Convertible Preferred Stock </u></i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal year 2013, the Board of Directors designated shares of preferred stock as Series E convertible preferred stock (&#147;Series E preferred stock&#148;).&#160; Series E preferred stock is convertible into common stock at $1.00 per share, the conversion price is adjustable if there are distributions of common stock or stock splits by the Company.&#160; The designation also provides that the Series E preferred stock is non-voting and receives a monthly dividend of 3.322% for 25 to 32 months.&#160; In addition, the convertibility and the redemption price of the Series E preferred stock is gradually reduced by dividend payments over 25 to 32 months.&#160; After the dividend payment term, the redemption price of Series E preferred stock is $0, the Series E preferred stock has no convertibility to common stock and the holders are entitled to receive a pro-rata share of cumulative royalties totaling 4% of the Company&#146;s gross profits payable quarterly for a two-year period.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal year 2014, $83,473 of debenture loans and accrued interest converted into 8,347 shares of Series E preferred stock.&#160; During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued dividends of $320,071 to Series E shareholders.&#160; During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company paid dividends of $258,284 and $17,271, respectively, to Series E shareholders.&#160; As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the redemption price for the Series E preferred stock was $477,829 and $601,585, respectively.&#160; &#160;&#160;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i><u>Series F Convertible Preferred Stock </u></i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal year 2014, the Board of Directors designated 7,803 shares of preferred stock as Series F convertible preferred stock (&#147;Series F preferred stock&#148;).&#160; In April 2014, the Company increased the authorized shares of Series F preferred stock to 10,000.&#160; Series F preferred stock is non-voting, has a stated value of $1,000 and is convertible into common stock at $1.00 per share subject to a milestone adjustment for the number of subscribers as of December 31, 2014 (see Note 12).&#160; The Series F preferred stock has a dividend rate, payable quarterly, of 8% until April 30, 2015, 16% from May 1, 2015 to July 31, 2015, 20% from August 1, 2015 to October 31, 2015 and 25% thereafter.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company issued 5,361 <font style='display:none'>858</font><font style='display:none'> </font><font style='display:none'>4,503</font>shares of Series F preferred stock for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs, and the conversion of $574,592 of debt and accrued interest.&#160; During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued dividends of $322,730 to Series F shareholders.&#160; The Company settled $144,030 of dividends plus $3,601 of accrued interest on Series F preferred stock by paying $73,815 in cash and issuing 184,541 shares of common stock.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i><u>Liquidation Preference</u></i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, before any distribution or payment may be made to the holders of the common stock, the holders of the Series C preferred stock, Series D preferred stock, Series E preferred stock, and Series F preferred stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets an amount equal to $1.00 per share plus all accrued but unpaid dividends.&#160; If the assets of the Company are insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of preferred stock, then the assets shall be distributed among the holders of preferred stock ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be entitled. </p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>15.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Common Stock</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In April 2014, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation increasing the total number of authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000 shares to 200,000,000 shares.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal year 2014, the Company issued the following shares of common stock:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>3,712,549 shares to settle notes payable and related accrued interest, the value on the date of grant was $2,447,926;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>584,100 shares to the Chief Executive Officer for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $134,897;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>474,000 shares to a former Chief Executive Officer for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $400,585;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>650,000 shares to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for the exercise of modified stock option agreements (the exercise prices were reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $41,311 and the shares vest quarterly over two years;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>15,000 shares to a board member for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $5,746;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>161,738 shares for notes payable origination fees, the value on the date of grant was $163,170;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>342,930 shares for equity investment finders&#146; fees, the value on the date of grant was $342,000;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>6,892 shares to officers of the Company as late fees for unpaid services, the value on the date of grant was $6,892;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>6,924,526 <font style='display:none'>672,000</font><font style='display:none'> </font><font style='display:none'>6,252,526</font>shares in connection with the conversion of 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock and 893,218 shares of Series D preferred stock;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>271,343 shares to settle accrued dividends for Series C, Series D and Series F preferred stock, the value on the date of grant was $148,244;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>409,000 shares for services provided by independent consultants, the value on the date of grant was $237,800;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>868,136 shares for employee compensation for past services and bonuses, the value on the date of grant was $427,205;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>100,000 shares for services provided by a board member, the value on the date of grant was $85,000;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>5,000,000 shares to the Chief Executive Officer for future services, the value on the date of grant was $2,400,000 and the shares vest quarterly over two years;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>447,500 shares for employee compensation for future services, the value on the date of grant was $256,800 and the shares vest quarterly over two years.&#160; 87,500 shares, with a value of $42,000 at the date of grant, were forfeited during fiscal year 2014;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>4,072,334 shares to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for future services, the value on the date of grant was $1,954,720 and the shares vest quarterly over two years.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The fair value of unvested common stock as of September 30, 2014 was $4,125,863.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>16.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Common Stock Options and Warrants</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The fair value of each stock option or warrant is estimated on the date of grant using a binomial option-pricing model.&#160; The expected life of stock options or warrants represents the period of time that the stock options or warrants are expected to be outstanding, based on the simplified method.&#160; Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Company&#146;s common stock, among other factors.&#160; The Company uses the simplified method within the valuation model due to the Company&#146;s short trading history.&#160; The risk-free rate related to the expected term of the stock option or warrants is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.&#160; The dividend yield is zero.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company measured the fair value of the warrants using a binomial valuation model with the following assumptions:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Exercise price</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>$0.50 - $1.40 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>$0.75 - 10.00 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Expected term (years)</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>1 - 3</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>1.5 - 2.5</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Volatility</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>101% - 216%</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>219% - 298%</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Risk-free rate</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>0.11% - 0.92%</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>0.23% - 0.88%</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Dividend rate</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>0%</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>0%</p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company granted the following common stock options and warrants:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Options to purchase 650,000 shares were granted to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for notes payable and accrued interest converted into common stock, with an exercise price of $1.10 per share.&#160; The Company recognized $590,887 of interest expense during the three months ended December 31, 2013.&#160; During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the exercise prices were reduced to $0 per share;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Options to purchase 450,000 shares were granted to a note holder with an exercise price of $1.00 per share.&#160; The options expire in October 2018.&#160; The Company recognized $143,634 as debt discount, which is being amortized over the life of the note payable;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Options to purchase 856,977 shares were granted to two note holders for converting debt into common stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share.&#160; The options expire in December 2018; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Options to purchase 3,669,120 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share.&#160; The options expire in December 2018;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Options to purchase 1,424,025 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share.&#160; The options expire in January 2018;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Options to purchase 1,008,000 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share.&#160; The options expire in February 2019;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Options to purchase 1,000,000 shares were granted to a board member for services, with an exercise price of $0.50 per share.&#160; The shares vest based on the Company obtaining new member targets, specifically 100,000 options vest for each new 5,000 members.&#160; The options expire in June 2019.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:1.0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.25in'><font style='font-family:Symbol'>&#183;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </font>Options to purchase 90,000 shares were granted to two related parties for services, with an exercise price of $1.10 per share.&#160; The options expire in June 2019.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company modified the exercise price of options and warrants previously issued to current employees and officers to $0.50 per share.&#160; The Company recognized additional expense of $71,942 and deferred $7,960 over the remaining vesting period of the options and warrants.</p> <table border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="638" style='width:6.65in;border-collapse:collapse;display:none;border:none'> <tr style='display:none'> <td width="82" valign="top" style='width:61.5pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants 1</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants 2</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants 3</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants 4</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants 5</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants 6</font></p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants 7</font></p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants 8</font></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='display:none'> <td width="82" valign="top" style='width:61.5pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Warrants</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>650000</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>450000</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>856977</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>3669120</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1424025</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1008000</font></p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1000000</font></p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>90000</font></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='display:none'> <td width="82" valign="top" style='width:61.5pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Exercise price</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1.10</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1.00</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1.10</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1.10</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1.10</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1.10</font></p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>0.50</font></p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>1.10</font></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='display:none'> <td width="82" valign="top" style='width:61.5pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Interest expense</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>590887</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='display:none'> <td width="82" valign="top" style='width:61.5pt;border:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-top:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>Debt Discount</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><font style='display:none'>143634</font></p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="74" valign="top" style='width:55.15pt;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="58" valign="top" style='width:.6in;border-top:none;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The following table summarizes information about stock options and warrants outstanding as of September&nbsp;30, 2014:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:38.25pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>Options and Warrants</b></p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;Number of Options and Warrants </b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;Weighted-Average Exercise Price </b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Outstanding as of October 1, 2013</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,598,554 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.33 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Granted</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,148,122 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.03 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Exercised</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,723,100)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 0.89 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Forfeited</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (32,000)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.00 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Outstanding as of September 30, 2014</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 10,991,576 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.05 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Exercisable as of September 30, 2014</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,061,576 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.17 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>As of September 30, 2014, the outstanding warrants have an aggregate intrinsic value of $0, the weighted average remaining term of the warrants was 3.88 years, and the fair value of unvested stock options and warrants was $383,379. </p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>17.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Segment Information</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company operated two business segments during fiscal year 2014 based primarily on the nature of the Company&#146;s products. The Chronic Illness Monitoring segment is engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile monitoring of patient vital signs and physical activity to insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies. &#160;The customer contracts and equipment leased to customers of the CareServices segment were sold in December 2014.&#160; The CareServices segment was engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile health monitoring and concierge services to distributors and consumers. The Company previously operated a reagents business which was sold in June 2013.&#160; The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in the reagents business.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>At the corporate level, the Company raises capital and provides for the administrative operations of the Company as a whole.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The following table reflects certain financial information relating to each reportable segment for fiscal years 2014 and 2013:</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:39.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&nbsp;</b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>Corporate </b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>Chronic Illness Monitoring </b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>CareServices </b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>Reagents </b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>Total </b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Fiscal year ended September 30, 2014</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Sales to external customers</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 6,107,941 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 1,003,238 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 7,111,179 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Segment loss</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (9,957,268)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2,051,752)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,452,567)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (13,461,587)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Interest expense, net</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,936,039 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,936,039 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Segment assets</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 550,370 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,134,403 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 737,012 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,421,785 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 70,603 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 70,603 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Depreciation and amortization</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 92,823 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 57,220 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 972,819 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,122,862 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Fiscal year ended September 30, 2013</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Sales to external customers</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 4,245,404 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 1,660,544 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 351,645 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$ &#160;6,257,593 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Segment loss</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (21,986,526)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,966,613)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (3,179,151)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (5,312)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (27,137,602)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Interest expense, net</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,583,932 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,583,932 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Segment assets</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 600,892 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 7,416,759 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,291,121 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 10,308,772 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 243,273 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 241,527 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 888 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 485,688 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Depreciation and amortization</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 124,269 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 114,440 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 984,663 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,362 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,232,734 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>18.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Income Taxes</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>As of September 30, 2014, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income, if any, of approximately $64,000,000, which will begin to expire in 2027.&#160; The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards is dependent upon the tax laws in effect at the time the net operating loss carryforwards can be utilized.&#160; The Internal Revenue Code contains provisions that likely could reduce or limit the availability and utilization of these net operating loss carryforwards.&#160; For example, limitations are imposed on the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards if certain ownership changes have taken place or will take place.&#160; The Company will perform an analysis to determine whether any such limitations have occurred as the net operating losses are utilized.</p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:36.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.75pt'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:36.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.75pt'><font style='font-weight:normal'>The amount and ultimate realization of the benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards are dependent, in part, upon the tax laws in effect, the Company&#146;s future earnings, and other future events, the effects of which cannot be determined.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company has established a valuation allowance against all deferred income tax assets not offset by deferred income tax liabilities due to the uncertainty of their realization.&nbsp;&nbsp;Accordingly, there is no benefit for income taxes in the accompanying statements of operations.&#160; </font></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:36.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.75pt'><font style='font-weight:normal'>Deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future effects of differences between the consolidated financial reporting and income tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities given the provisions of currently enacted tax laws and the tax rates expected to be in place. &#160;For fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company&#146;s </font><font style='font-weight:normal'>expected</font><font style='font-weight:normal'> federal tax rate was 34%.</font></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:36.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.75pt'><font style='font-weight:normal'>The deferred income tax assets (liabilities) were comprised</font> <font style='font-weight:normal'>of the following as of September 30:</font></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Net operating loss carryforwards</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 23,858,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160; 19,892,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Depreciation, amortization and reserves</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,515,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 453,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Stock-based compensation</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,007,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,863,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Accrued vacation</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 53,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Valuation allowance</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (27,433,000)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (22,210,000)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Total</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Reconciliations between the benefit for income taxes at the federal statutory income tax rate and the Company&#146;s benefit for income taxes for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were as follows:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Federal income tax benefit at statutory rate</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,577,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,227,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>State income tax benefit, net of federal</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160; income tax effect</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 444,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 896,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Non-deductible expenses</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 67,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (954,000)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Other</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 135,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; - &#160;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Change in valuation allowance</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (5,223,000)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (9,169,000)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Benefit for income taxes</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized no interest or penalties, and there were no changes in unrecognized tax benefits from tax positions taken or from lapsed statutes of limitations.&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no settlements with taxing authorities.&nbsp;&nbsp;As of September 30, 2014, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate, and there are no positions that are anticipated to significantly increase or decrease.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Company had no tax examinations beginning, ending, or remaining in process as of and for the years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013.&nbsp;&nbsp;Tax returns for fiscal years subsequent to 2010 remain subject to examination.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>19.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Commitments and Contingencies</b></p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company leases office space under non-cancelable operating leases.&#160; Future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of September 30, 2014 were as follows:</p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b><u>Years Ending September 30,</u></b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2015</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 308,330 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2016</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 317,580 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2017</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;327,107 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2018</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 280,077 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,233,094 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:36.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company&#146;s rent expense for facilities held under non-cancelable operating leases for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was approximately $279,000 and $225,000, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:36.75pt;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>In May 2013, the Company entered into a settlement agreement and patent license agreement and an agreed motion was filed to dismiss all claims of a lawsuit.&#160; The final payment required by the settlement agreement and patent license patent agreement was made in December 2013.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:-.5in'><b>20.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; </b><b>Subsequent Events</b></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Subsequent to September 30, 2014 and through the release date of this report, the Company entered into the following agreements and transactions:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(1)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In October 2014, the Company issued or the Board of Directors has approved the issuance of 1,692,810 shares of common stock to employees for services with vesting ranging from immediate to two years.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(2)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In October 2014, the Company issued 18,522 shares of common stock to settle accrued dividends for Series D preferred stock. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(3)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In November 2014, the Company amended an existing agreement related to investor relations services, contingent upon the elimination of the Series F Preferred stock.&#160; The amendment extends the agreement by two years and would require the Company to issue a total of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock over the extended term.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(4)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In November 2014, the Company amended an existing agreement with one of its customers which would require the Company to issue up 2,250,000 shares of its common stock to the customer.&#160; The number of shares to be issued is based on the customer meeting certain milestones for the number of end users who receive Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services through January 2016.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(5)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In November 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a third party which would require the Company to issue up 750,000 shares of its common stock to the third party.&#160; The third party will consult the Company on matters regarding sales to a specific customer.&#160; The number of shares to be issued is based on the customer meeting certain milestones for the number of end users who receive Chronic Illness products and services through January 2016.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(6)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In November 2014, the Company sold $130,000 of future customer receipts to a third party for $100,000 in cash.&#160; The $30,000 difference between the payment amount and cash received is being amortized to interest expense over the expected term.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(7)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment to a third party.&#160; Additional equipment in stock was sold to the buyer pursuant to a written invoice.&#160; The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(8)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In January 2015, the Company modified the note payable secured by CareServices customer contracts to reduce the outstanding principal to $375,000, interest at 9%, and payable in 15 monthly installments beginning in February 2015.&#160; The note payable is guaranteed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and another member of the Board of Directors.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(9)&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; In November 2014, the Company entered into a note payable with an entity controlled its Chairman of the Board of Directors to covert $396,667 of advances and notes payable into one promissory note, interest at 0%, and due on demand.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:.75in;text-indent:-.25in;text-autospace:ideograph-other'>(10) In October and December 2014, the Company received advances totaling $305,000 from entities controlled by a member the Board of Directors.</p> <!--egx--> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:15.75pt;text-indent:-15.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Going Concern</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company continues to incur negative cash flows from operating activities and net losses.&#160; The Company had negative working capital and negative total equity as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 and is in default with respect to certain debt.&#160; These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In order for the Company to eliminate substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, it must achieve profitability, generate positive cash flows from operating activities and obtain the necessary debt or equity funding to meet its projected capital investment requirements.&#160; Management&#146;s plans with respect to this uncertainty consist of raising additional capital by issuing debt or equity securities and increasing the sales of the Company&#146;s services and products.&#160; During fiscal year 2014, the Company (1) completed the sale of Series F convertible preferred stock (&#147;Series F preferred stock&#148;) for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs; (2) converted $2,326,801 of debt and accrued interest to common stock; (3) converted $574,592 of debt and accrued interest to Series F preferred stock; and (4) converted $83,473 of debt and accrued interest to Series E preferred stock. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise sufficient additional capital or that revenues will increase rapidly enough to offset operating losses.&#160; If the Company is unable to increase revenues or obtain additional financing, it will be unable to continue the development of its products and services and may have to cease operations.&#160; </p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in'><i>Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In May 2013, the Company effected a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split.&#160; The consolidated financial statements and notes for all periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse common stock split.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Discontinued Operations</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment to a third party. &#160;Additional equipment in stock was sold to another third party pursuant to a written invoice. &#160;The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to CareServices of $1,452,567 and $3,179,151, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In June 2013, the Company sold the net assets and operations of its reagents segment to a third party for $184,318 in cash.&#160; During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to its reagents segment of $0 and $5,312, respectively.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Fair Value of Financial Instruments</i></p> <p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company measured the fair values of its assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy.&#160; The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair values due to the short-term nature and liquidity of these financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on current market pricing models. The carrying amounts reported for notes payable approximate fair value because the underlying instruments are at interest rates which approximate current market rates.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in'><i>Concentrations of Credit Risk</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company has cash in bank accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits.&#160; The Company has not experienced any losses in these accounts.&#160; </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>In the normal course of business, the Company provides credit terms to its customers and requires no collateral.&#160; The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers&#146; financial condition.&#160; The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon management&#146;s specific review and assessment of each account at the period end. </p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>During fiscal year 2014, the Company had revenues from two significant customers which represented 67% of total revenues.&#160; During fiscal year 2013, the Company had revenues from one significant customer which represented 44% of total revenues.&#160; As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, accounts receivable from significant customers represented 80% and 82% of total accounts receivable, respectively.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>During the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company purchased substantially all of its products and supplies from one vendor.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Accounts Receivable</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful accounts.&#160; Specific reserves are estimated by management based on certain assumptions and variables, including the customer&#146;s financial condition, age of the customer&#146;s receivables and changes in payment histories.&#160; Accounts receivable are written off when management determines the likelihood of collection is remote.&#160; A receivable is considered to be past due if any portion of the receivable balance has not been received by the contractual payment date.&#160; Interest is not charged on accounts receivable that are past due.&#160; The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $115,994 and $76,544 as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Inventory</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market, cost being determined using the first-in, first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;) method. Inventory is for the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment and consists of diabetic supplies.&#160; Inventory held by distributors is reported as inventory until the supplies are shipped to the end user by the distributor.&#160; The Company estimates an inventory reserve for obsolescence and excessive quantities.&#160; Due to competitive pressures and technological innovation, it is possible that estimates of net realizable values could change in the near term.&#160; Inventory consists of the following as of September 30:</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-36.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><b>Chronic Illness Monitoring</b></p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Finished goods </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160; 589,423 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,249,220 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Finished goods held by distributors</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,720,626 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,428,306 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Total inventory</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,310,049 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,677,526 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Inventory reserve</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,660,729)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Net Inventory</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,649,320 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $ 4,677,526 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Property and Equipment</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization.&#160; Depreciation and amortization are determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range between 3 and 7 years.&#160; Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the terms of the lease.&#160; Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred.&#160; Upon the sale or disposal of property and equipment, any gains or losses are included in operations<i>.</i></p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Goodwill</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.&#160; The annual testing date is September 30.&#160; The identification and measurement of goodwill impairment involves the estimation of the fair value of our reporting units.&#160; The estimates of fair value of reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporate management assumptions about expected future cash flows.&#160; Future cash flows can be affected by changes in industry or market conditions.&#160; Goodwill was not impaired as of September 30, 2014 or 2013.&#160; </p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Impairment of Long-Lived Assets</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets, which range from two to twenty years.&#160; Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable.&#160; Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition.&#160; The Company impaired its CareServices customer contracts by $89,460 and patents by $408,332 as of September 30, 2014, which were recorded as part of discontinued operations related to the CareServices segment for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014.&#160; The impairment of the customer contracts is due to their sales price being lower than the net book value as of the date of sale.&#160; The patents impaired were solely related to the CareServices segment and provide no future cash flows after the CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers were sold in December 2014.&#160; The Company&#146;s other long-lived assets were not impaired as of September 30, 2014.&#160; No long-lived assets were impaired as of September 30, 2013.&#160; </p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><i>Revenue Recognition</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Historically, revenues were from three sources: (1) sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring services and supplies; (2) sales from CareServices; (3) sales of medical diagnostic stains from the Reagents segment.&#160; The CareServices segment was sold in December 2014 and the Reagents segment was sold in June 2013.&#160; Information regarding revenue recognition policies relating to these business segments is contained in the following paragraphs.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&#160;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Chronic Illness Monitoring</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Chronic Illness Monitoring revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the product or service to the end user has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company enters into agreements with insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies (collectively, the customers) to lower medical expenses by distributing diabetic testing products and supplies to employees (end users) covered by their health plans or the health plans they manage.&#160; Cash is due from the customer or the end user&#146;s health plan as the products and supplies are deployed to the end user.&#160; The Company also monitors the end user&#146;s test results in real-time with its 24x7 CareCenter.&#160; Customers who are billed separately for monitoring are obligated to pay as the service is performed and revenue is recognized ratably over the period of the contract.&#160; The term of these contracts is generally one year and, unless terminated by either party, automatically renew for another year.&#160; Collection terms are net 30 days after claims are submitted.&#160; There is no contingent revenue in these contracts.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company also enters into agreements with distributors who take title to products and distribute those products to end users.&#160; Delivery is considered to occur when the supplies are delivered by the distributor to the end user.&#160; Cash is due from the distributor, the customer or the end user&#146;s health plan as initial products are deployed to the end user.&#160; Subsequent sales (resupplies) are shipped directly from the Company to the end user and cash is due from the customer or the end user&#146;s health plan.&#160; Shipping and handling fees are typically not charged to end users.&#160; The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues.&#160; Sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services contain multiple deliverables.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Multiple-Element Arrangements</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company evaluates each element in a multiple-element arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. In order to account for elements in a multiple-element arrangement as separate units of accounting, the deliverables must have stand-alone value upon delivery.&#160; In determining whether monitoring services have stand-alone value, the nature of the monitoring services, whether supplies are sold to new customers without monitoring services, and availability of monitoring services from the other vendors is considered.&#160; During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the Company began to provide enhanced monitoring services to a key customer, for which the Company receives a separate monthly monitoring fee.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>When multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separable into different units of accounting, the arrangement consideration is allocated to the identified separate units of accounting based on their relative selling price. Multiple-element arrangements accounting guidance provides a hierarchy to use when determining the relative selling price for each unit of accounting. Vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of selling price, based on the price at which the item is regularly sold by the vendor on a stand-alone basis, should be used if it exists. If VSOE of selling price is not available, third-party evidence (TPE) of selling price is used to establish the selling price if it exists. If VSOE of selling price and TPE of selling price are not available, then the best estimate of selling price (BESP) is to be used. During 2014, VSOE was established for monitoring services.&#160; VSOE for supplies was previously established.&#160; Therefore, total consideration under a multiple deliverable contract is allocated to supplies and monitoring through application of the relative fair value method.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&#160;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>CareServices</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&#147;CareServices&#148; include contracts in which the Company leases monitoring devices and provides monitoring services to end users.&#160; The Company typically enters into contracts on a month-to-month basis with end users that use CareServices.&#160; However, these contracts may be cancelled by either party at any time with 30-days notice.&#160; Under a standard contract, the device and service become billable on the date the end user orders the device, and remains billable until the device is returned to the Company.&#160; Revenue on devices is recognized at the end of each month the CareServices have been provided.&#160; In those circumstances in which payment is received in advance, the Company records these payments as deferred revenue.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>CareServices revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the device or service has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and payment has occurred or collection is reasonably assured.&#160; Shipping and handling fees are included as part of net revenues.&#160; The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues.&#160; All CareServices sales are made with net 30-day payment terms.</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Reagents</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, the Company recognized reagents revenues when persuasive evidence of an arrangement with the customer existed, title had passed to the customer, prices were fixed or determinable, and collection was reasonably assured.&#160; Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, shipping and handling fees billed to customers were included in revenues and the related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to customers were included as a component of cost of revenues.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Research and Development Costs</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>All expenditures for research and development are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $215,074 and $605,170, respectively. The expenditures for fiscal year 2014 were for ongoing software improvements for the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system and customer portal.&#160; The expenditures for fiscal year 2013 were for the development of the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Advertising Costs</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred.&#160; Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $48,778 and $59,330, respectively.&#160; Advertising expenses primarily relate to the Company&#146;s Chronic Illness Monitoring segment.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Income Taxes</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company recognizes deferred income tax assets or liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax assets or liabilities are determined based upon the difference between the financial reporting bases and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply when the differences are expected to be settled or realized.&#160; Deferred income tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability and valuation allowances are provided as necessary.&#160; As of September 30, 2014, management has provided a 100% allowance against deferred income tax assets as it is more likely than not these assets will not be realized.&#160; Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities, when incurred, are classified in interest expense and income tax provision, respectively.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'><i>Stock-Based Compensation</i></p> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award.&#160; That cost is recognized in the statements of operations over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award &#150; the requisite service period.&#160; The grant-date fair values of the equity instruments are estimated using option-pricing models adjusted for the unique characteristics of those instruments.</p> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:36.75pt;text-indent:-36.75pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'><b>Chronic Illness Monitoring</b></p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Finished goods </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160; 589,423 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,249,220 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Finished goods held by distributors</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,720,626 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,428,306 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Total inventory</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,310,049 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,677,526 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Inventory reserve</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,660,729)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Net Inventory</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,649,320 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; $ 4,677,526 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Common stock options and warrants</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 10,991,576 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,598,554 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series C convertible preferred stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 480,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series D convertible preferred stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 225,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,691,090 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series E convertible preferred stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 477,830 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 601,585 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series F convertible preferred stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,361,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Convertible debt</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 133,924 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;3,738,917 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Restricted shares of common stock</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,750 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 17,250 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.08%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total common stock equivalents</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.34%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 17,199,080 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.88%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 13,127,396 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Customer contracts, net (Note 5)</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 569,250 </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,377,301 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Equipment leased to customers, net (Note 6)</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 111,435 </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 273,631 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Patents, net, (Note 7)</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 31,718 </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 566,920 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.2%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total assets of discontinued operations</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 712,403 </p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.4%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,217,852 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-autospace:none;margin-left:.5in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Revenues:</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,003,238 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,660,544 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Reagents</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 351,645 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total revenues</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;1,003,238 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,012,189 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Cost of revenues:</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 881,753 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,325,226 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Reagents</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 300,396 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total cost of revenues</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 881,753 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,625,622 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Gross profit (loss) </p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 121,485 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (613,433)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Operating expenses:</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Selling, general and administrative expenses:</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,047,629)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2,287,368)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Reagents</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (111,657)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Research and development for CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (227,101)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:21.5pt'>Total operating expenses</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,047,629)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-right:none;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2,626,126)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Other income (expense):</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Impairment of long-lived assets</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (497,792)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;-&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Loss on disposal of property and equipment</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (18,746)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Other expense</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (9,885)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Gain on sale of discontinued operations</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 55,096 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total other income (expense) for CareServices</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (526,423)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 55,096 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="49%" valign="bottom" style='width:49.82%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Loss from discontinued operations</p> </td> <td width="24%" valign="bottom" style='width:24.68%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,452,567)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.46%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.06%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (3,184,463)</p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Leasehold improvements</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 151,287 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 145,147 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Software</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 100,574 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 87,361 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Furniture</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 69,776 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 32,855 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Equipment</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 54,732 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 255,339 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Equipment leased to customers</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; - </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total property and equipment</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 376,369 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 520,702 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Accumulated depreciation and amortization</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;(156,293)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (223,973)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Property and equipment, net</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 220,076 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 296,729 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:.5in'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="480" style='width:359.8pt;margin-left:5.4pt;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Liability to issue common stock </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 522,087 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Commissions and fees </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 453,744 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 88,490 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Payroll expense </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 308,529 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 272,451 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Deferred rent </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 89,346 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 55,242 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Interest </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 59,091 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 211,722 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'> Other </p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 18,534 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;80,614 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="255" valign="bottom" style='width:191.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:17.15pt'>Total accrued expenses</p> </td> <td width="112" valign="bottom" style='width:84.0pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,451,331 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="95" valign="bottom" style='width:71.5pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 708,519 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:6.0pt;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph;text-indent:.5in'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="640" style='width:480.0pt;margin-left:5.4pt;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Note payable secured by CareServices customer contracts, imputed interest rate of 12%, monthly installments over a 38-month term.&#160; In March 2013, the Company issued 15,000 shares of common stock to extend the term of the note.&#160; The $24,000 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the note.&#160; In January 2015, the note was amended (see Note 20).</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,103,841 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,766,971 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Secured borrowings from third parties that purchased a $337,600 customer receivable for $200,000.&#160; The Company may buy back the receivable for $233,333 less any cash payments before June 2015.&#160; The $33,333 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $20,000 of commission, paid to a related party, is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 233,333 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable with no interest, due March 2015.&#160; In connection with the issuance of the note, the Company issued warrants to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock.&#160; The $143,634 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note.&#160; The note also requires a payment of 667,000 shares of common stock at the end of the term (fair value of $230,293), which is recorded as an accrued expense.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 200,000 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured notes with interest at 15% (18% after due date), due April 2013.&#160; The Company issued 20,000 shares of Series D preferred stock as loan origination fees.&#160; The $195,000 fair value of the preferred stock was amortized over the original term of the note.&#160; Principal of $50,000 and accrued interest of $13,333 were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 64,261 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 185,476 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:76.5pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:76.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Notes payable with interest at 12%, secured by the Company's assets, due August 2014.&#160; The Company issued warrants to purchase 36,667 shares of common stock (fair value of $51,452) as due diligence fees and issued 25,000 shares of common stock&#160; (fair value of $31,250) to a related party as consideration for a personal guarantee.&#160; The notes and accrued interest were converted to Series F preferred stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:76.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:76.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:76.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 550,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note with interest at 12%, due March 2013.&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 250,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:38.25pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series A debenture loan payable with interest at 12%, secured by customer contracts, payable in monthly installments, and due February 2016. The debenture was converted to Series E preferred stock in October 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 85,719 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note with interest at 15%, due March 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013.</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 25,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total notes payable before discount</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,601,435 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,863,166 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Less discount</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (169,450)</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (528,663)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Total notes payable</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,431,985 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,334,503 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:20.0pt'>Less current portion</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,212,937)</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,278,585)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="427" valign="bottom" style='width:320.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Notes payable, net of current portion</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 219,048 </p> </td> <td width="18" valign="bottom" style='width:13.3pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="98" valign="bottom" style='width:73.2pt;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,055,918 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b><u>Years Ending September 30,</u></b></p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2015</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,212,937 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2016</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 219,048 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.2%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="2%" valign="bottom" style='width:2.8%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="38%" valign="bottom" style='width:38.72%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,431,985 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin-left:.5in;text-indent:-40.5pt'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Secured borrowings from entities controlled by an officer of the Company that purchased a $2,813,175 customer receivable for $1,710,500.&#160; The Company may buy back the receivable for $1,950,000 less cash received by the entities before March 2015.&#160; The $239,500 difference between the buyback and cash&#160; received plus $253,500 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,639,500 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Secured borrowings from the Chairman of the Board of Directors who purchased a $422,000 customer receivable for $250,000.&#160; The Company may buy back the receivable for $291,667 less any cash payments before June 2015.&#160; The $41,667 difference between the buyback and cash&#160; received plus $25,000 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 291,667 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due June 2012, currently in default.&#160; The note included a $3,000 loan origination fee added to the principal and is convertible into common stock at $0.50 per share.&#160; </p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 30,000 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 33,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:38.25pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013, currently in default, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 26,721 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 26,721 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by the Company&#146;s Chairman, interest at 12%, due on demand, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share.&#160; The Company issued 17,500 shares of common stock as loan origination fees.&#160; The $26,250 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note.&#160; In December 2013, $160,000 of the note was converted to common stock. &#160;</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 15,000 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160; 175,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160;Unsecured note payable to an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due on demand.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 13,644 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 13,644 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due September 2013.&#160; The Company issued 60,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $93,000) as loan origination fees.&#160;&#160; The notes and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 600,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013.&#160; The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $38,100) as loan origination fees.&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 300,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013.&#160; The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $37,500) as loan origination fees.&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 300,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:38.25pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due April 2013.&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;200,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable with no interest to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 150,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:63.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12% (18% after due date), due June 2013.&#160;&#160; The Company issued 5,600 shares of Series D preferred stock (fair value of $56,252) as loan origination fees.&#160;&#160; The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:63.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 82,500 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:25.5pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Unsecured notes payable with no interest to an individual related to an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:25.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 10,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:51.0pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Series B unsecured debenture to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due December 2015.&#160; The debenture and accrued interest were converted to common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2013.</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:51.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,270 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total notes payable, related-party, before discount</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,016,532 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,896,135 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:21.5pt'>Less discount</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (346,912)</p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (3,720)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;border:none;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="55%" valign="bottom" style='width:55.12%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:14.35pt'>Total notes payable, related-party</p> </td> <td width="17%" valign="bottom" style='width:17.24%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,669,620 </p> </td> <td width="6%" valign="bottom" style='width:6.26%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="21%" valign="bottom" style='width:21.4%;border:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,892,415 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Exercise price</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>$0.50 - $1.40 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>$0.75 - 10.00 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Expected term (years)</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>1 - 3</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>1.5 - 2.5</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Volatility</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>101% - 216%</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>219% - 298%</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Risk-free rate</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>0.11% - 0.92%</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:white;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>0.23% - 0.88%</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.6%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Dividend rate</p> </td> <td width="22%" valign="bottom" style='width:22.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>0%</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.74%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.92%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>0%</p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:38.25pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>Options and Warrants</b></p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;Number of Options and Warrants </b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:38.25pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;Weighted-Average Exercise Price </b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Outstanding as of October 1, 2013</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 3,598,554 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.33 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Granted</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,148,122 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.03 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Exercised</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,723,100)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 0.89 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:10.0pt'>Forfeited</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (32,000)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.00 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Outstanding as of September 30, 2014</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 10,991,576 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.05 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.84%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Exercisable as of September 30, 2014</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,061,576 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.68%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="19%" valign="bottom" style='width:19.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1.17 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:39.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&nbsp;</b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>Corporate </b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>Chronic Illness Monitoring </b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>CareServices </b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>Reagents </b></p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:39.0pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>&#160;</b><b>Total </b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Fiscal year ended September 30, 2014</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Sales to external customers</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 6,107,941 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 1,003,238 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 7,111,179 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Segment loss</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (9,957,268)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (2,051,752)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,452,567)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (13,461,587)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Interest expense, net</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,936,039 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,936,039 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Segment assets</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 550,370 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,134,403 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 737,012 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,421,785 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 70,603 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 70,603 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Depreciation and amortization</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 92,823 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 57,220 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 972,819 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,122,862 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Fiscal year ended September 30, 2013</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Sales to external customers</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 4,245,404 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160; 1,660,544 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 351,645 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$ &#160;6,257,593 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Segment loss</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (21,986,526)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (1,966,613)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (3,179,151)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (5,312)</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (27,137,602)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Interest expense, net</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,583,932 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 5,583,932 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Segment assets</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 600,892 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 7,416,759 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,291,121 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 10,308,772 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 243,273 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 241,527 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 888 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 485,688 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:15.0pt'> <td width="33%" valign="bottom" style='width:33.9%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Depreciation and amortization</p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 124,269 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 114,440 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 984,663 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,362 </p> </td> <td width="13%" valign="bottom" style='width:13.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:15.0pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,232,734 </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Net operating loss carryforwards</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 23,858,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160; 19,892,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Depreciation, amortization and reserves</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,515,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 453,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Stock-based compensation</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,007,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,863,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Accrued vacation</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 53,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 2,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Valuation allowance</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (27,433,000)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (22,210,000)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; Total</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-left:.5in;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2014</b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;border:none;border-bottom:solid windowtext 1.0pt;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b>2013</b></p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Federal income tax benefit at statutory rate</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 4,577,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 9,227,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>State income tax benefit, net of federal</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>&#160; income tax effect</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 444,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 896,000 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Non-deductible expenses</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 67,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (954,000)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Other</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 135,000 </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; - &#160;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other'>Change in valuation allowance</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (5,223,000)</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;background:#DBEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; (9,169,000)</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="52%" valign="bottom" style='width:52.22%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-indent:7.15pt'>Benefit for income taxes</p> </td> <td width="23%" valign="bottom" style='width:23.44%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="20%" valign="bottom" style='width:20.7%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;$&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; -&#160;&#160; </p> </td> </tr> </table> <!--egx--><p style='margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:6.0pt;margin-left:0in;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;margin-top:0in;margin-right:0in;margin-bottom:0in;margin-left:.5in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-align:justify;text-justify:inter-ideograph'>&nbsp;</p> <table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" width="100%" style='width:100.0%;border-collapse:collapse'> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'><b><u>Years Ending September 30,</u></b></p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2015</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 308,330 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2016</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 317,580 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2017</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;327,107 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>2018</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'></td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160; 280,077 </p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:12.75pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="center" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:center'>&nbsp;</p> </td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;background:#DAEEF3;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:12.75pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'>&nbsp;</p> </td> </tr> <tr style='height:13.5pt'> <td width="53%" valign="bottom" style='width:53.54%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="3%" valign="bottom" style='width:3.04%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="5%" valign="bottom" style='width:5.64%;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'></td> <td width="37%" valign="bottom" style='width:37.78%;border-top:solid windowtext 1.0pt;border-left:none;border-bottom:double windowtext 2.25pt;border-right:none;padding:0in 5.4pt 0in 5.4pt;height:13.5pt'> <p align="right" style='margin:0in;margin-bottom:.0001pt;text-autospace:ideograph-numeric ideograph-other;text-align:right'> $&#160;&#160;&#160; 1,233,094 </p> </td> </tr> </table> 2326801 -1452567 -3179151 184318 0 -5312 the Company had revenues from two significant customers which represented 67% of total revenues the Company had revenues from one significant customer which represented 44% of total revenues. 0.8000 0.8200 115994 76544 589423 1249220 2720626 3428306 3310049 4677526 -1660729 1649320 4677526 215074 605170 48778 59330 17199080 13127396 10991576 3598554 480000 225000 4691090 477830 601585 5361000 133924 3738917 9750 17250 17199080 13127396 569250 1377301 111435 273631 31718 566920 2217852 1003238 1660544 351645 1003238 2012189 881753 2325226 300396 881753 2625622 121485 -613433 -1047629 -2287368 -111657 -227101 -1047629 -2626126 -497792 -18746 -9885 55096 -526423 55096 -1452567 -3184463 214106 214106 214106 156886 57220 114440 89460 2066316 2155776 1497067 778475 718592 718592 179648 151287 145147 100574 87361 69776 32855 54732 255339 376369 520702 156293 223973 220076 296729 61239 200149 25832 219465 272117 600000 480000 922378 240000 682378 126870 126870 408332 514046 922378 482328 355458 31718 522087 453744 88490 308529 272451 89346 55242 59091 211722 18534 80614 1451331 708519 1103841 1766971 233333 200000 64261 185476 550000 250000 85719 25000 1601435 2863166 -169450 -528663 1431985 2334503 -1212937 -1278585 219048 1055918 1212937 219048 1431985 1639500 291667 30000 33000 26721 26721 15000 175000 13644 13644 600000 300000 300000 200000 150000 82500 10000 5270 2016532 1896135 -346912 -3720 1669620 1892415 381000 10004000 1946000 -114098 -9355587 106444 795151 373293 -333406 10000000 0.00001 -480000 11367 11599 9062 53992 84212 85477 232834 5025 143465 83473 8347 320071 258284 17271 477829 601585 858 4503 3580771 675229 574592 322730 73815 184541 200000000 3712549 2447926 584100 474000 650000 15000 161738 342930 342000 6892 6892 672000 6252526 -480000 -893218 271343 148244 409000 237800 868136 427205 100000 85000 5000000 2400000 447500 256800 4072334 1954720 4125863 0.50 1.40 0.75 10.00 P1Y P3Y P1Y6M P2Y6M 1.0100 2.1600 2.1900 2.9800 0.0011 0.0092 0.0023 0.0088 71942 7960 650000 450000 856977 3669120 1424025 1008000 1000000 90000 1.10 1.00 1.10 1.10 1.10 1.10 0.50 1.10 590887 143634 3598554 1.33 9148122 1.03 -1723100 0.89 32000 1.00 10991576 1.05 9061576 1.17 0 3.88 383379 6107941 1003238 7111179 -9957268 -2051752 -1452567 -13461587 1936039 1936039 550370 4134403 737012 5421785 70603 70603 92823 57220 972819 1122862 4245404 1660544 351645 6257593 -21986526 -1966613 -3179151 -5312 -27137602 5583932 5583932 600892 7416759 2291121 10308772 243273 241527 888 485688 124269 114440 984663 9362 1232734 64000000 23858000 19892000 1515000 453000 2007000 1863000 53000 2000 -27433000 -22210000 4577000 9227000 444000 896000 67000 -954000 135000 -5223000 -9169000 308330 317580 327107 280077 1233094 279000 225000 0001429896 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 2014-09-30 0001429896 2013-09-30 0001429896 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember 2012-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 2012-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2012-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2012-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2012-09-30 0001429896 2012-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesFPreferredStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesEPreferredStockMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesDPreferredStockMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesFPreferredStockMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:CareservicesMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:CareservicesMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:ReagentsMember 2013-06-01 2013-06-30 0001429896 fil:ReagentsMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:ReagentsMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember fil:CareservicesMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:CareservicesMember us-gaap:SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:CareservicesMember us-gaap:SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:ReagentsMember us-gaap:SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember fil:ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember fil:ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember fil:CareservicesMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:EquipmentLeasedToOtherPartyMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:EquipmentLeasedToOtherPartyMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:LeaseholdImprovementsMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:FurnitureAndFixturesMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:EquipmentMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:EquipmentMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:PatentsMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:CommissionsAndFeesMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:CommissionsAndFeesMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:PayrollExpenseMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:PayrollExpenseMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:DeferredRentMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:DeferredRentMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:InterestExpenseMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:InterestExpenseMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:OtherExpenseMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:OtherExpenseMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note1Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note1Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note2Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note3Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note3Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note4Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note4Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note5Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note5Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note6Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note6Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note7Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note8Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note9Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note10Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note11Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note12Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note13Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Note14Member 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SeriesCPreferredStockMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option1Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option2Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option3Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option4Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option5Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option5Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option6Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option6Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option7Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option7Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option8Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option8Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option9Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option9Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option10Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option10Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option11Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option11Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option12Member us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Option12Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:MinimumMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:MaximumMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:MinimumMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:MaximumMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:MinimumMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:MaximumMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:MinimumMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:MaximumMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant1Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant2Member 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant1Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant2Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant3Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant4Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant5Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant6Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant7Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:Warrant8Member 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CorporateMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:TotalMember 2013-10-01 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CorporateMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:CareservicesMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:TotalMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 fil:ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:TotalMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CorporateMember 2012-10-01 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CorporateMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:CareservicesMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:TotalMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:LiabilityToIssueCommonStockMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 2014-03-31 0001429896 2015-01-12 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember fil:ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember fil:ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember fil:CareservicesMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember fil:CareservicesMember 2013-09-30 0001429896 fil:ReagentsMember 2014-09-30 0001429896 us-gaap:CustomerContractsMember 2013-09-30 iso4217:USD shares iso4217:USD shares pure EX-101.SCH 9 acar-20140930.xsd XBRL SCHEMA DOCUMENT 000110 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000620 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory: Schedule of Utility Inventory (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000230 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000580 - Disclosure - 1. Organization and Nature of Operations: Going Concern (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000570 - Disclosure - 19. Commitments and Contingencies: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000600 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Concentrations of Credit Risk (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000400 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Advertising Costs (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000350 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000040 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000640 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Research and Development Costs (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000500 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of principal payments on notes payable (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000420 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Stock-based Compensation (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000240 - Disclosure - 17. Segment Information link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000120 - Disclosure - 5. Customer Contracts link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000020 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000730 - Disclosure - 7. Patent License Agreement (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000380 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Revenue Recognition (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000890 - Disclosure - 19. Commitments and Contingencies: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000540 - Disclosure - 17. Segment Information: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000030 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Parenthetical link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000610 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Accounts Receivable (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000260 - Disclosure - 19. Commitments and Contingencies link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000560 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000330 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Accounts Receivable (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000750 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of Debt (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000050 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations Parenthetical link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000210 - Disclosure - 14. Preferred Stock link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000830 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000700 - Disclosure - 5. Customer Contracts (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000550 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000870 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000860 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000390 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Research and Development Costs (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000760 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of principal payments on notes payable (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000070 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000140 - Disclosure - 7. Patent License Agreement link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000300 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Discontinued Operations, Policy (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000690 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000650 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Advertising Costs (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000340 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000590 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Discontinued Operations, Policy (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000780 - Disclosure - 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000410 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Income Taxes (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000370 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000810 - Disclosure - 15. Common Stock (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000490 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of Debt (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000220 - Disclosure - 15. Common Stock link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000130 - Disclosure - 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000630 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000170 - Disclosure - 10. Related-party Notes Payable link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000790 - Disclosure - 13. Derivatives Liability (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000840 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000510 - Disclosure - 10. Related-party Notes Payable: Schedule of related party notes payable (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000100 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000800 - Disclosure - 14. Preferred Stock (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000530 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000010 - Document - Document and Entity Information link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000520 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of fair value assumptions (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000200 - Disclosure - 13. Derivatives Liability link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000850 - Disclosure - 17. Segment Information: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000710 - Disclosure - 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure: Schedule of Property and Equipment (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000740 - Disclosure - 8. Accrued Expenses: Schedule of Accrued Expenses (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000880 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000450 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000270 - Disclosure - 20. Subsequent Events link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000250 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000660 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000090 - Disclosure - 2. Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000770 - Disclosure - 10. Related-party Notes Payable: Schedule of related party notes payable (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000360 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Goodwill (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000320 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Concentrations of Credit Risk (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000080 - Disclosure - 1. Organization and Nature of Operations link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000670 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Schedule of common stock equivalents (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000280 - Disclosure - 1. Organization and Nature of Operations: Going Concern (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000060 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000430 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory: Schedule of Utility Inventory (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000180 - Disclosure - 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000900 - Disclosure - 19. Commitments and Contingencies (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000470 - Disclosure - 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure: Schedule of Property and Equipment (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000440 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Schedule of common stock equivalents (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000290 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Use of Estimates in The Preparation of Financial Statements (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000160 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000190 - Disclosure - 12. Fair Value Measurements link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000480 - Disclosure - 8. Accrued Expenses: Schedule of Accrued Expenses (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000720 - Disclosure - 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000680 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000020 - Statement - Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000820 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of fair value assumptions (Details) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000460 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Tables) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000150 - Disclosure - 8. Accrued Expenses link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink 000310 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Policies) link:presentationLink link:definitionLink link:calculationLink EX-101.CAL 10 acar-20140930_cal.xml XBRL CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101.DEF 11 acar-20140930_def.xml XBRL DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101.LAB 12 acar-20140930_lab.xml XBRL LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Amount Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit) Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance Fair Value Assumptions, Exercise Price Option 3 Note14Member Notes payable current portion Property, Plant and Equipment, Type Series D convertible preferred stock 14. Preferred Stock 9. Notes Payable Liability to issue shares of common stock for loan origination fees Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net Gain on sale of discontinued operations Amortization of debt discounts Amortization of debt discounts Amortization of Series F preferred stock as dividends Issuance of common stock for services - shares Statement Loss from continuing operations Other income (expense): Common stock par value Domain name, net Entity Public Float Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Expirations in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Warrant7Member Option 10 Discount on notes payable related party Note4Member Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment Other Expenses Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Schedule of Property and Equipment Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations Tables/Schedules Stock-based Compensation Policies Issuance of stock for prepaid expenses Net decrease in cash Net decrease in cash Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations Cash flows from investing activities: (Gain) loss on derivatives liability Issuance of Series F preferred stock for debt conversions - shares Issuance of common stock for finance fees Issuance of common stock for services Continuing operations Chronic Illness Monitoring Cost of Revenue Total liabilities Total liabilities Notes payable, net of current portion Derivatives liability Document Fiscal Period Focus Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit) Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number, Beginning Balance Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number, Beginning Balance Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate Stock Option Agreements {1} Stock Option Agreements Common Stock issued to settle accrued dividends Note11Member Gross notes payable before discount Advertising Expense Finished goods held by distributors 8. Accrued Expenses 4. Discontinued Operations Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Principal payments on related-party notes payable Principal payments on related-party notes payable Change in accounts receivable Issuance of options for Debt conversions Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions Conversion of Series D preferred stock Conversion of Series D preferred stock Common stock shares outstanding Entity Voluntary Filers Income Tax Expense (Benefit) Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price, Beginning Balance Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price, Beginning Balance Warrant4Member Option 7 Cash paid to settle dividends and accrued interest on Series F preferred stock Notes payable principal payments Note1Member Income Statement Location {1} Income Statement Location Furniture and Fixtures Amortization of Intangible Assets Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Other Assets Restricted shares of common stock Conversion of debt and accrued interest to common stock Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities Advertising Costs Stock and warrants issued for interest expense Issuance of Series D preferred stock for services - shares Common stock Consolidated Statements of Operations Parenthetical Dividends on preferred stock Selling, general and administrative (including $3,585,379 and $3,446,827, respectively, of stock-based compensation) Preferred stock, $.00001 par value: 10,000,000 shares authorized;0 and 480,000 shares of Series C; 45,000 and 938,218 sharesof Series D; 70,070 and 61,723 shares of Series E; and 5,361and 0 shares of Series F, respectively Customer contracts, net Current assets: Weighted average remaining term of the warrants Range Debt and accrued interest converted to shares of common stock Note8Member Short-term Debt {1} Short-term Debt Short-term Debt, Type Liability to issue common stock Independent valuation of patents Software and Software Development Costs Future Amortization Expense, Remainder of Fiscal Year Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount Discontinued Operations, Policy 17. Segment Information 5. Customer Contracts Dividends on preferred stock and related interest Net cash provided by financing activities Net cash provided by financing activities Cash flows from operating activities: Issuance of common stock for finance fees - shares Additional Paid-in Capital Other income (expense): {1} Other income (expense): Stockholders' deficit: Inventory Operating Leases, Rent Expense, Net Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period Warrant1Member Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term Option 4 Dividends paid to Series E Shareholders Series E convertible preferred stock Chronic Illness Monitoring Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases Schedule of principal payments on notes payable 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants Issuance of stock for dividends Proceeds from sale of equipment Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions - shares Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest - shares Issuance of common stock for cash Statement {1} Statement Series C Preferred Stock Net loss attributable to common stockholders Net loss Net loss Loss on disposal of property and equipment Operating expenses: Consolidated Statements of Operations Accounts payable Entity Registrant Name Operating Loss Carryforwards Additional expense deferred over remaining vesting period of Options and Warrants Warrant8Member Option 11 Notes payable related party current and noncurrent Note5Member Interest Expense {1} Interest Expense Common stock shares issued in purchase of patents Patents Related-party notes payable converted to common stock Cash flows from financing activities: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Stock based compensation Issuance of Series D preferred stock for loan origination fee - shares Issuance of common stock for accrued expenses Accumulated deficit Notes payable, related-party Patents, net Current Fiscal Year End Date Option 1 Preferred Stock issued to settle accrued dividends Note12Member Discount on notes payable Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross Segment, Operating Activities Statement, Operating Activities Segment Inventory, Finished Goods, Gross Concentration Risk, Accounts Receivable Schedule of Accrued Expenses Revenue Recognition Going Concern 20. Subsequent Events 10. Related-party Notes Payable 1. Organization and Nature of Operations Proceeds from related-party notes payable, net Change in inventory Inventory reduction for obsolescence Impairment of long-lived assets Issuance of options for services Issuance of Series D preferred stock for services Issuance of common stock for cash - shares Issuance of common stock for loan origination fee - shares Balance - shares Balance - shares Balance - shares Series E Preferred Stock Discontinued operations Loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock Loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock Gain (loss) on derivatives liability Gain (loss) on derivatives liability Research and development Gross profit (deficit) Gross profit (loss) Chronic Illness Monitoring Revenue Preferred stock par value Entity Current Reporting Status Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals Warrant5Member Fair Value of Unvested Common Stock Option 8 Note2Member Leasehold Improvements Equipment Leased to Other Party Total common stock equivalents Customer Contracts Inventory Valuation Reserves Segment Details Schedule of fair value assumptions Schedule of related party notes payable Income Taxes 18. Income Taxes Conversion of notes payable to debentures Cash paid for interest Principal payments on notes payable Principal payments on notes payable Cash used to dispose of property and equipment Loss on disposal of property and equipment {1} Loss on disposal of property and equipment Stock-based compensation expense Stock-based compensation expense Issuance of common stock for option exercises Series F Preferred Stock Additional paid-in capital, common and preferred Common stock, $.00001 par value: 200,000,000 shares authorized;45,815,351 and 21,775,303 shares outstanding, respectively Dividends payable Goodwill Cash Cash, beginning of the year Cash, end of the year Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Expirations in Period Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Expirations in Period Fair Value of Unvested Stock Options and Warrants Range {1} Range Note9Member Commissions and fees Value of the Common Stock issued Impairment of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of Inventory, Gross Business Segments Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy 13. Derivatives Liability 7. Patent License Agreement Notes payable converted to preferred stock Issuance of common stock for accrued expenses - shares Consolidated Balance Sheets Parenthetical Property and equipment, net Aggregate Intrinsic Value Warrant2Member Minimum Option 5 Redemption Price of Series E preferred stock Notes payable principal payments in 2015 Segment, Discontinued Operations Series F convertible preferred stock Common stock options and warrants Concentration Risk, Customer CareServices Impairment of Long-lived Assets 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Reclassification of derivatives liability to equity Change in deposits and other assets Depreciation and amortization Depreciation and amortization Conversion of Series C preferred stock - shares Conversion of Series C preferred stock - shares Issuance of common stock for debt conversion - shares Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted Deemed dividends on conversion of preferred stock to common stock Common stock shares authorized Deposits and other assets Entity Central Index Key Document Period End Date Document Type Total Warrants Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures Option 12 Note6Member Other Expense Payroll Expense Income Statement Location Series C stock shares issued in purchase of patents Series C stock shares issued in purchase of patents Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name Proceeds from Sales of Business, Affiliate and Productive Assets Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity Schedule of Debt Schedule of Utility Inventory Inventory {1} Inventory Accounts Receivable Use of Estimates in The Preparation of Financial Statements Notes Purchases of property and equipment Purchases of property and equipment Change in accrued expenses Change in accrued expenses Issuance of Series F preferred stock for cash, net Issuance of Series D preferred stock for dividends Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest Issuance of common stock for loan origination fee Equity Component Equity Components Accounts receivable, net Amendment Flag Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award, Options, Grants in period Maximum Option 2 Note13Member Notes payable current and noncurrent Assets classified as discontinued operations Series C convertible preferred stock Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures Research and Development Costs Fair Value of Financial Instruments Conversion of notes payable into common stock Change in accounts payable Change in accounts payable Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Derivatives liabilites Issuance of Series D preferred stock for loan origination fee Series D Preferred Stock Preferred stock shares authorized Total current liabilities Total current liabilities Accrued expenses Accounts payable, related-party Total assets Total assets Entity Filer Category Document and Entity Information Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Amount Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Other Revenue, Net Additional expense recognized related to Options and Warrants Warrant6Member Option 9 Gross notes payable related party before discount Note3Member Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion, Net Equipment Cost Associated with Intangible Assets Property, Plant and Equipment, Type {1} Property, Plant and Equipment, Type Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable Goodwill {1} Goodwill 19. Commitments and Contingencies 15. Common Stock Issuance of common and prefered stock for settlement of liabilities Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Proceeds from notes payable, net Purchases of equipment leased to customers Change in prepaid expenses and other Issuance of common stock for option exercises - shares Compensation expense paid in stock or amortization of stock options and warrants Net loss per common share Current portion of notes payable Current liabilities: Total current assets Total current assets Assets of discontinued operations, current Prepaid expenses and other Assets {1} Assets Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding Document Fiscal Year Focus Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Award Type Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate Stock Option Agreements Debt and accrued interest due to related parties converted to shares of common stock Note10Member Value of the Series C Preferred Stock issued Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment, Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property Finite-Lived Intangible Assets by Major Class 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock Issuance of derivatives Issuance of stock and options for loan origination fees Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock, net Issuance of options for loan origination fees Conversion of Series C preferred stock Conversion of Series C preferred stock Total other income (expense) Total other income (expense) Loss from operations Loss from operations Preferred stock shares outstanding Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer Other Tax Expense (Benefit) Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits Warrant3Member Option 6 Notes payable principal payments in 2016 Convertible debt - Shares Reagents Related Costs Considered in Conversion of Series F Preferred Stock Schedule of common stock equivalents 12. Fair Value Measurements 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure Payment of dividends Payment of dividends Net cash used in operating activities Net cash used in operating activities Stock and warrants issued for services Issuance of Series F preferred stock for debt conversions Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit Loss from discontinued operations Loss from discontinued operations Total operating expenses Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance Corporate Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price Exercise price Award Type {1} Award Type Note7Member Deferred Rent Concentrations of Credit Risk 2. Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information Net cash used in investing activities Net cash used in investing activities Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Beneficial conversion features on debt Beneficial conversion features on debt Issuance of Series F preferred stock for cash, net - shares Issuance of Series D preferred stock for dividends - shares Issuance of common stock for debt conversion Accumulated Deficit Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Interest expense, net Interest expense, net Total stockholders' deficit Total stockholders' deficit Balance Balance Assets of discontinued operations Consolidated Balance Sheets EX-101.PRE 13 acar-20140930_pre.xml XBRL PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT XML 14 R39.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Research and Development Costs (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Research and Development Costs Research and Development Costs All expenditures for research and development are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $215,074 and $605,170, respectively. The expenditures for fiscal year 2014 were for ongoing software improvements for the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system and customer portal. The expenditures for fiscal year 2013 were for the development of the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system. X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Research and Development -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6523717 + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 15 R54.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 17. Segment Information: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment Corporate Chronic Illness Monitoring CareServices Reagents Total Fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 Sales to external customers $ - $ 6,107,941 $ 1,003,238 $ - $ 7,111,179 Segment loss (9,957,268) (2,051,752) (1,452,567) - (13,461,587) Interest expense, net 1,936,039 - - - 1,936,039 Segment assets 550,370 4,134,403 737,012 - 5,421,785 Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 70,603 - - - 70,603 Depreciation and amortization 92,823 57,220 972,819 - 1,122,862 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 Sales to external customers $ - $ 4,245,404 $ 1,660,544 $ 351,645 $ 6,257,593 Segment loss (21,986,526) (1,966,613) (3,179,151) (5,312) (27,137,602) Interest expense, net 5,583,932 - - - 5,583,932 Segment assets 600,892 7,416,759 2,291,121 - 10,308,772 Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 243,273 - 241,527 888 485,688 Depreciation and amortization 124,269 114,440 984,663 9,362 1,232,734 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8721-108599 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8813-108599 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35741047&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 22 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8736-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 16 R48.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 8. Accrued Expenses: Schedule of Accrued Expenses (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Accrued Expenses 2014 2013 Liability to issue common stock $ 522,087 $ - Commissions and fees 453,744 88,490 Payroll expense 308,529 272,451 Deferred rent 89,346 55,242 Interest 59,091 211,722 Other 18,534 80,614 Total accrued expenses $ 1,451,331 $ 708,519 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of accrued liabilities. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration EXCEL 17 Financial_Report.xlsx IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#B#H9)F0(``*DT```3``@"6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;""B!`(HH``"````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#,VT%OVC`8!N#[I/V'*->)
MF#BQXTY`#]UVW"JM^P%>\D$BDCBRW0[^_9RT15/%0&A(>R\@2/Q]+SD\)][%
M[:YKHR>RKC'],DZ3>1Q17YJJZ3?+^,?#EYF*(^=U7^G6]+2,]^3BV]7[=XN'
M_4`N"J=[MXQK[X>/C+FRIDZ[Q`S4ARMK8SOMPT>[88,NMWI#C,_GDI6F]]3[
MF1]GQ*O%)UKKQ]9'GW?AZ^ AK8IM0])V5-?O=DR>]F0
MA)/3/:YN!O #GW+3P:VU04W6OKO^HNQ&"[EOTR=OO3F&UR
M>LB1E&:];DJJ3/G8A2>0N,&2KEQ-Y+LVF=Z33C?]:^X3^Z>;'9O>TBL'&7_?
M-/C"'!PD1P:2(P?)(4!R2)`5>'[L:5
M'\)A[JG]H5!R;\W@0K7&TN4!7KLSX^G9$`:1]0T=VC/'6BB'C:&6 ;%]XI)2;
M8M?[J+*+BQJZE/PC8C0=3Q0+\>QRI9$P4 P>J/OH\^;*W-$UO>"_F?6*73HQ`GA,[RW;E0V8+J K?>1P,``.HT```:``@!
M>&PO7W)E;',O=V]R:V)O;VLN>&UL+G)E;',@H@0!**```0``````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````"\FTV+VE`8A?>%_@>Y^QKO]TV9.(N6PFS;
MZ0\(\6ID-)'B-6L6OZW;$[5.+K\Z=W0:S26'>[^M1WL1+7F,3C]NV;A\_Q5(_YGU)[O*15
M/DN7*M&.X^5]4:2FC> TJ,3SME!.KY^LEO_3_3][O]\ )'/[RD-L8QG[0>
M#G&LQ'0H%;=GE%OGS*+X1QS)CB-1'*/(<8R"<3P[CD=QG";'<1K&R;M$'647
M4)Q@R'&"@7%*=IP2Q9%L[DC(' :.AMRQ;.Y8R!W+YHZ%
MW/%L[GC(' :/CIP=C1;$!H:PK#?G!OXYMRR96ZAS!U[LQS>++:P%!268;'
MQ>TO7.]%,TQU;\XQ';HW0!B&;4TH3 )0EW2;%W2Q)>&@
M)#Q;$AY*PK,EX:$D`GO1`USTP'96@,XJ%^5.4Y^:#VU][.8J.!U"=R07#3&5
MSSG$=.C>1R'[V!:'$I?LW99PMR5[MR7+,V>8PT'V;*M::$U+=N:
M%EN3#6(/0 [8S/71FN6@;3>/UE+\O/']N=GN,]+3HRT\NFA-,AWY_
MV1>&83-/0>8I-O,49)YA,\]`YADV\PQDGF,SST'F!3;T`J2>8U//0>H%-G8"
M?`\NV=R1D#N2S1T)N:/9W-&0.YK-'0VY8]G /4+I>TO````
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`8B"RHC@&```0&@``#P```'AL+W=O 56-I`%6$1'3Q
M97_]'HD`9Z;Q.'Z)T\9]Z#GS=_9OU>5>L\T5F1F[/^HZGZ;\___./-?5'^N"V*'ST(Y-59?UW7V]>#
M016OS497KXJMR?'*LB@WND98K@;5MC0ZJ=;&U)ML$`R'X6"CT[R_4WA=_HY&
ML5RFL;DLXF9C\GHG4II,URB_6J?;JG_^9IEFYMMN13V]W5[K#>I^R/J]3%?U
M59+6)CGK3Q`6]\;Z1=ELWS=IAE?GH^&H/S@_+/*F["5FJ9NL_HKE[=7A5S`.
M@K#]R]:*;ZFYKXY);=A[^)[F27'?_BFL?3Q$(Q1PW[WT/4WJ-5X?#H>'W_UM
MTM6ZWO\2\@/2[QS$^W0_>WFWO+TC$78JNLKKM'Z,/N8[]],"6]BZ_A$K4_U>
M^3K%?\J/B6H+9Y4+F%AD::)A4?1>9SJ/3;1H4RN2"$@B>(%$=*-)940JG==/
M%K*H44^[W554+*//6T,J8U(9>VL1*G#BX`J,/[@R>8',HF9OYVQN1\5OKNE"
ML[]3*F;J%J.BS^5*Y^E_'?+==E_KNBE-YPTM:I[DK,XH6S6:CR\?VW1?I*D_1GAH:[^*X:%B&-TH-79UQ=)E6<0%N
M\P;H88_+74NS!&^2$NQ.HHNFJHN-*2-@7) 66B=ZO2=/"R!F;J`3 K6AJ=U
MF'(E`571IZ*JHL\Y!E#2Q%@&]N/7"1/12M20"54"415$'W1:1M]TUICH'Z,K
M4-Z-`4N$^50"4#6*+DV9WH&F.]CR*=6W:8;A:$DPFYC2SE!48[!AEJ8LL10T
M?/S#2F8J`T&E`I;%9E/D)S*9R$`0J4(K$SW1G7$=F-]YD*HA(QD()-4T6IA5
MU]G'$P&G[F'XJ2'S&`@>U0P[&:.SHJ_ZP8)1#9G&0-"HYMT:TKK;MJ[TMC=Q
MM\`=(^42,!*.+;$[47EV!D,,FMO*_&S:WKJZP[_7%84Y028)#Y_+"*CC%
M+2&F 29Q]8[HG@FZ?T`4_:2F,$UJ:@-M_\;#L
M'C/G!A\3$ ":5/0NYC1$\D\HFA=RX")Y)Y?,DY%9%\$PJGR "9U+QUT>;N!M#`9KK
M,)\G(;`N==_:/H3&X*UUFE5DR92A0^"LRW^P
M\+JFC"""%PGQNJ8,)`)'Z.F'\G9UO#*('H;X5-#I/^BX0Z;,*@*G(-_Y=&DL
M(29W*LCU"6U+2X@YG@J._0>=)<143P75ROOX;PDQU5-!]5-/[CL@>=,8ZJF`
M6CZ^GT!ZQD@C;+>8H_)8"5' #\5X)DW8Y81O$B(
M)^",64;@"IW\>&%_!^`-GS'+"%PA^V.&4R8SPS/)L"/07JU_74(A9E7"#,\D
MPQZAB\(28H9GDF'OYQ\\"F&PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULG%C9;NLV$'TOT'\0]&Z+
MF[8@]D6L(.T%6J`HNCPK,FT+L2Q#4N+ 67B&FOMO
M[]7>>Y--6]:'A4_GQ/?DH:C7Y6&[\/_^ZVF6^%[;Y8=UOJ\/ GNGEI=U)V'E@XM`M_UW7'NR!HBYVL\G9>'^4!?MG4395W\+79!NVQD?FZ
M?ZC:!XR0**CR\N"CA;OF&AOU9E,6\K$N7BMYZ-!((_=Y!_S;77ELS]:JXAIS
M5=Z\O!YG15T=P<1SN2^['[U1WZN*N^_;0]WDSWOP^YV*O#C;[K],S%=ET=1M
MO>GF8"Y`HE.?TR`-P-+R?EV"!RKL7B,W"_^!WF4L]8/E?1^@?TIY:HW/7KNK
M3[\TY?JW\B`AVI`GE8'GNGY1T.]KM00/!Y.GG_H,_-%X:[G)7_?=G_7I5UEN
M=QVD.P2/E&-WZQ^/LBT@HF!FSD)EJ:CW0`#^>E6I2@,BDK_W_T_ENMLM?![-
MPYAP"G#O6;;=4ZE,^E[QVG9U]2^"J#:%1I@VPH&]_IU=:R1`0KU_CWF7+^^;
M^N1!TZ#&G'T_0,0#Q&("
M`3*9J&!QJ*7+C-1#@#,(1.E@'CDB1`RD,V/!(B!L`I WQT8]Y%!T"*P0$B%%P8$B'PCTT ,
M$SK:L"A&-L7+T5-@AYI3."N$(+49YX00!Y&9B)0QGH[#2+
M!840HZ",!6MCU:" SIL`.M=`NEQ5"D!JC(9DP,P$1":EQ:JS840B4&;S+S'JT0RURJ&D, 'C,
MF7'<4:HL!$@&%V2L`9N=(_77]1HZU?S$R`GHUCK(C/U?$93'A'N1#I3=R\XY]H'8`?*.FJO3=!1_2L#.97_
M9-Q`$S75?2882< @*.=6,3HY7&D,AB@,N7LARRS`
M#,[Q9VV3.DWBBQ1/NT/BMJ?>XI`^&D4@8TZ99@XF#&E"DE'+[>C=U"/HM$DD
M3N96&G,^))"ZE+`)1;-3S*"[AYP:I6I19# >=(Q59HJ8HPK@GH'AV[2K]@DG-YQ6?G8M&>D;G/3
MF+0OHAF93UYF;`"??W9:;^H7;-HO4K>;: !^RJ3E]XLJBFO8+M].O8/@T7DC@Q@N7=^(4GAI0
MC9B81ZD)09XX@,(!326;K 7F[`))G'4/P-3K3P2U^['0%/7W?F+&M4,L\SE?P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`$P6JS2``@``
MO`4``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE)1;;]L@&(;O)^T_
M(.YK;">.TRA.U:;*5FF5IFF':X*QC6J,!>3T[_CJ`O_XOKJ98F0L[4K:JHX7^,`-OEM\_##?*?UB
M&LXM`D)G"MQ8V\\(,:SADII(];R#-Y72DEI8ZIJ87G-:^D.R)6D<3XBDHL.!
M,-/O8:BJ$HP_*K:1O+,!HGE++?@WC>C-B2;9>W"2ZI=-?\.4[`&Q%JVP!P_%
M2++94]TI3= ":65492/`D6#T.N9; :
M5P6^3V;+,2:+N TWM?O,1=U8J'8&`;FX9N7AD1L&"05,E&:.Q%0+!N`72>$Z
M`Q)"]_Y_)TK;%'@TB;(\'B4@1VMN[$HX)$9L8ZR2OX(H.:(")#U"1N#^^#Z-
MTFF69)-_4TAPY`-\I)8NYEKM$#0-W&EZZEHPF0'913:"_`0?0ZQ_"Q5B=)![
M1RDP=#L[6*:)G.RA9RRH^;A6O-*L3PI7"G`WN`1(C_W^';63U: 'L(&L`=OZ:6SY1N*?)! QO'`#>:"QK>NWUB>;5S<
M//Z?FYVXP!#6$'*>O;HX2')?JS3)XGQ\*8!Q =H QR!N%+*GA:NJX;O[N(W````__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`"````"$`+$8P1X`"``"[!0``&0```'AL+W=O U!MFC'M1&J*W`2Q1CQCJE2='6!?WQ?W^08
M&4N[DK:JXP5^X0;?+C]^6.R5?C8-YQ8!H3,%;JSMYX08UG!)3:1ZWL%)I;2D
M%I:Z)J;7G);^)=F2-(XG1%+1X4"8Z_ V0#1O*46_)M&].9$
MD^P].$GU\[:_84KV@-B(5M@7#\5(LOECW2E--RW$?4A&E)W8?G&%EX)I951E
M(\"18/0ZYAF9$2`M%Z6`"%S:D>95@>^2^6J$R7+A\_-3\+TY>T:F4?M/6I1?
M1, U_\Q%W5BH]A@" 1JE^3@93_Y-(.4F#H=GC=0'EVRSQ-%V0'.65'S?VU)KE4
MK$X*5PJP-WB$R,\]OIWUDQ4G=E9K-Q33P=J%$\C0^YTX
M,63S[.(\C@=N,! W5ST$Q]L4;Y=)I?
MGL,X.48X'\^R[(_SX"L,2^@ER77-5[QM#6)JZP8A!>ZP.\SH7>K*\FK_'F;7
M=SH9#F!V>EKS)ZIKT1G4\@J0<32%8=%A^L+"JMYW\$99F!K_V,!'DD/9XPC$
ME5+VM'!--7QVE[\!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`1@Z)PAP(``,D%```9
M````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T V%,H+:F%I2Z):36GN3\D:Y+&\9A(*AH":65482/`D2#TUO.,S`B0EHM%5,E\/
M,5DN?'[^"'XT9\_(5.KX18O\FV@X)!O*Y`JP56KG0E]RMP6'R 7-[LZ#3_L
MP"X7[E"&P5YO?9J.KA2$F+$O6C))9K-X>B42)LMA3B'0LY/!;-Q3@LHP.J&S
M)- O[>:LLS)!_K."3R:$)X@B""Z5LMW`MUG^$E_\```#__P,`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`X@R17'0,```,)```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T D%VF`QZ_?\QYC9W'[6E?6"^&"LF9I(\>S+=)D+*?-;FG_
M^OEPD]B6D+C)<<4:LK3?B+!O5Y\_+0Z,/XN2$&F!0B.6=BEE.W==D96DQL)A
M+6G@2M[7N36F#:V49CS2S184=",W+-L7Y-&&A%.
M*BS!ORAI*TYJ=7:)7(WY\[Z]R5C=@L265E2^:5';JK/YXZYA'&\KJ/L5S7!V
MTM879_(US3@3K)`.R+G&Z'G-J9NZH+1:Y!0J4+%;G!1+^P[--\BSW=5"!_2;
MDH,8?+=$R0Y?.,V_T89`VM`GU8$M8\\*? '
MFT/,7$C6ZMU\RR0&PO=V]R:W-H965T "!>4-4L7>8'KD"9C.6UV2_?/[X>;
MJ>L(B9L<5ZPA2_>%"/=V]?G3XL#XHR@)D0XP-&+IEE*V
M%(S76,(MW_FBY03G.JBN_#`($K_&M'$-PYR_AX,5! &DPA+T
MBY*VXLA69^^AJS%_W+ HZ=3;_MFL8Q]L*\GY&$YP=N?7-
MB+ZF&6>"%=(#.M\('>X?F&Q2Z_FJA"_27DH,8
M_'=$R0Y?.,V_TX9`M5_,4.7PG=
ME1+LCB$CE=@\?[DG(H.*`HT7QHHI8Q4(@*M34]4:4!'\K'\/-)?ETHT2+TZ#
M"`' QYZX31&<7*=Q3>*=(+W6.+5
M@K.#`UT#>XH6JQY$ S`Q24C%W*DB'`EJ`'4^K:3A=^$]0PJS#K,>8
MT$9L7D&D/<0'?;U(2/U<9`0FOE[^HT@5M'3AVHN,HIY>Y[$VD%1GD*)P$IP!
M-D-`T`=;VJ!H0VV7-2FPK6ER5I6U@4RTIM.66N_&/$OTLS!$Z30^15NB)A\1
MI;]2H[S_!5O\!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!V];/,L@4``/T6
M```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T ]?W0*]+\X&*$^VI*C'*SR3/Q5&9OA3@T&*02^[0!_O4N/]:G:$4V
M)5R15J]OQ[NL+(X0XB7?Y\U7&]1UBNS^^_905NG+'O;]27B:G6*W'P;ABSRK
MRKKE=^_%;EZS_R@P"U(4\R`R]E^2JAW]=R""9[@]G/;0;^K)RUV*1O^^:O\N-W
MD6]W#:0[@!W)C=VOOYY$G8&B$&9&`QDI*_=``/YUBER6!BB2?K;_?^3K9C=W
M63@+(I\1@#LOHFZ> WUW%9ACS+(HXPR=Z'<87H-
M^7E?Q(P\>.^@::8PRR'&0JQ.")D*H-=QA)WK',=5/U&18$E%9D%R6^(`Q.ZX
M49/9:@01=1"#"2@TG8D$SUT(WBT0SMYRVD6
M !P/"2,QY>*;H")S/Z U5*"]:9`O+._E3YBI(U(NYV 3I!=''=;FG4"Z_D09`NCS9BRG.3UY.AV0_E00QO
MK=2Z"58J@-(N@)=!5_(F+ 4Q,D9<49L_/HE2$9\O"])53B&3< 2^%-3DZ&5CZ\"!4(%P>!N%U\*P-Q%Q+&M3HP ,N#NSKVL%4DQY$D5)GT1%%..TI\6@12TW
ME[0X5/?E$]K.LGR5V;>.`IT$C"/>2X.L%&*$U4TN3_$)KIMHS*RUE@JDV"3Q
MH-848(2,-%O-T:=ECJ)%FZ2L6W>I0)J)J1&D&01^TN_#S-M-1D\G&+W"G-(U
M^DHP,1>?"=2R_(FJC5F_9:W+-C24:?] LGTZP?H5!FO&8]1L(RB@\XL_5FF7],I7RY_85CQA>`?9C?4D1
M $!#3NT;W8!D#16$!"WF?9)/-31L^&1A_U%8%Y4QB=%,Y2I.`%>=G3M"2!CT-Q9*A=U&;,85HMJ*E=CO
M:R L:UXO_`0``
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`'SM5O;S/I31+,S^]O';+P^NM[77EO5$C&FXV/%J'OT:;@
M)6M.&__OOUZ^9+XG%6E*4O&&;OP/*OVOVY]_6E^Y>)5G2I4'#HWEVE40
MR.),:R(7O*4-W#ER41,%E^(4R%904G8/U540A6$2U(0UOG%8B4B272OW)K[]2=CHK*'G`5N7',Y4%9!1L%E&LG0I>`0!\>C73K0$9
M(>_=]Y65ZKSQE\DB3L,E`KEWH%*],&WI>\5%*E[_:T2HMS(F46^R!/K^?K2(
MLAC%R> `,C1#YE_'[6;RA:K%%T%33;
MSBR`]\`6.?M^1Y$.$HL$,C0ET=G"/^R#&Y%^:./#)@-`AIW0=T:3=JG3! IB\V!(4QVDZ2FP^/4HG-7NLJY`9P/.3JA<93@03(4S&
M8=ES&A\C2=,,I_&0:!M33]X)YGQK(3.G;3RWMWI1OS?*XKMY-:>PZ9QI_PG=
M_9B_'Z;(B`Q=EN/$;?U>T+6@#>,,=EW1SV 7`%9R9NI]G."-3>.F'
M"Q`?.5>W"[W! _@&ULE%9=;YLP%'V?M/^`>&_X
M_HJ25`U5MTF;-$W[>';`!*N`$7:;]M_OVB;!)EV6OI!@CL\]]]S+-:O;E[:Q
MGO'`".W6MK=P;0MW!2U)MU_;OWX^W*2VQ3CJ2M30#J_M5\SLV\W'#ZL#'1Y9
MC3&W@*%C:[OFO%\Z#BMJW"*VH#WNX$E%AQ9QN!WV#NL'C$JYJ6T D&"BC%5\`G:.$GN> '30,JOI,/@-M1)5&!'Z:.`
M?BG%$FQVSG8_R`I\'ZP25^BIX3_HX3,F^YI#N2/(2"2V+%_O,2O`4:!9^)%@
M*F@#`N!JM42T!CB"7N3O@92\7MM!O(@2-_``;NTPXP]$4-I6\<0X;?\HD#=2
M*1)_)`E`_?C<7_AIY$7Q_UD (\XVJP&>K"@:R`FZY'H06\)S"*S\)^9
M04IBSYW8)+-D]`3:U!?/**HB2YL,D2F:`W`!D
M<>)/[AK"H,]T\RX+$V!36!JFIB5;A0GE:R,:-=<6C,CQ>R(+\#SRO*$41GGB
M19Z?S@"Y`0@C+YP`AK+$5"8:*H!Y==D;L6FN) 1YXR4Y$59O3&=:,D-,N6ZX`T">+I73"$9>\1)L`S89%KQMTJC&:)MF!$
M]J`"UWLBT;/86KF5*2-(N1)GR=E+9``"F//12;VI;3;!+]?+4T-7GXY!.LV-
M49L": U'41!,O:[$
MJ8- /JAM->GF3]1P0(``/8&
M```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T SAD67+*;B7="]8:3Z)80PSHUS7O](E-T/?0":(>]MT5E:(#BAUON'EV
MI!@)NKRO6JG(K@'?3]&4T!.W&US0"TZ5U+(T`="%7NBEYT6X"(%IO2HX.+"Q
M(\7*'-]$RVV&P_7*Y?.+LX,^>T:ZEH=/BA=?>,L@;"B3+R>+YEFD*@0!/$J66BL@$!\(L$
MMR&RE^>U!TI/(D\9$D`?7'
M]W$0S],HS?[-$GI%SN`M,62]4O*`X-#`GKHC]@A&2V`^.?,Z>J^O606/EN3&
MLN083CNXT%">QS7H6H6/D"D]8C:7F!%B>T+84H"\7B,X/]?X ?7332EXX%>DSF!,;18IJE(X4#P"R.HE<2
MA/-^GN#;R5GP4%D\2X8;;SQFVM=[>S8QR"8;[OR^VME%0P7S=*S`8WSQXG2>
MC+*#QF0YG$(OR/<9?PT%4Q7;LJ;1B,J][2$QA-S/]NWM)K8.1_,;:'NN283]
M"V@[':G85Z(JWFK4L!(H)\$,4E&^ R_6.L_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`S:,65\("``!%!P``&0``
M`'AL+W=O GHWC)!9Q'-EFV?W[CF-($]BJ[`O$]O&9,V 5XP9!`R-
MSG!E3+OP?4TK)HCV9,L:."FD$L3`4I6^;A4C>7=)U'X4!+$O"&^P8UBH6SAD
M47#*MI(>!&N,(U&L)@;TZXJW^LPFZ"UT@JC]H;VC4K1`L>,U-Z\=*4:"+I[*
M1BJRJR'OEW!*Z)F[6US1"TZ5U+(P'M#Y3NAUSG-_[@/3:IESR,#:CA0K,OP0
M+C8)]E?+SI]?G!WUX!GI2AX_*9Y_X0T#LZ%,M@`[*?<6^I3;+;CL7]U^[`KP
M3:&10F^_R^)GQLC)0[1DD9/-:Y*];IBD8"C1>-+-,5-8@`'Z1X+8SP!#R
MTOT?>6ZJ#$]B;Y8$DQ#@:,>T>>26$B-ZT$:*WPX4GJ@<270BF8#ZTWGD1>DL
MG,7_9_&=HB[!+3%DM53RB*!I(*9NB6W!5ZE8;KTG\%3>L*LKS'A&+$Y(VPI0%ZO$3(?:GS;];,4"[92;!6L
MMK7;`.Y>6W01]PU$TD-&2L"AVY58UXESF*2S;#I/DOFEMB$@
MZ"^/1$W?(\J"QZ+26^WPX+'D:_M>=LI&0^#U"+'@L)(TN`JT=9F#!8&,4.7E/9`L>1[ZVP&%.'1&DD\EE
M1SC`P`,WMMQ;+9@JV8;5M494'NQ(BL#,?K>?E@^1K>[%_AJF:#=S_/X`IEA+
M2O:5J)(W&M6L`,K`2Z`0RLU!MS"R[6;)3AJ87]UC!9\K!B]@X`&XD-*&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T ]_AC 1
M%[@.[0I>LFZ3N[]_W5]EKB,5Z4K2\([F[@N5[O7R\Z?%CHM'65.J'%#H9.[6
M2O5SWY=%35LB/=[3#MY47+1$P:W8^+(7E)1F4-OX.`@2OR6L 2#G6Z.G- C[TT#
M?@BGI!79-NHGWWVE;%,KZ'8,!>FZYN7+'94%!`HR'HZU4L$;,`!7IV5Z9D`@
MY-G\[EBIZMP-$R].@Q`![JRI5/=,2[I.L96*MW\MA/925@3O14)POW^//9S%
M*$[^K^);1Z;`.Z+( ,GA*K,X0Z8#XX&\P":6/39Z/_6!.P[D+U\% C1Y,OAQ]
MY,L:GGXY0_%0D4W%,HE)) 'HN&I-1P=6[.,
MM893'"2C=ACSJS$11C@+@S *]V:?6G,%VZKY6\,I
M2F%=!1[`%>?J&PO=V]R:W-H965T =_"D5EI2"TN])J;7G%9^DVQ)&L "\85B6\D[&R":M]2"?].(WIQHDKT')ZG>;/L[IF0/B)5HA7WV
M4(PDRY_6G=)TU4+N0S*D[,3VBQN\%$PKHVH;`8X$H[>9IV1*@%3.*@$)7-F1
MYG6!'Y)\/L"DG/GZ_!)\;ZZND6G4_I,6U1?1<2@VM,DU8*74QDF?*G:5XKY&XKQ&4+`W]DD1+\V^7;93^:.4@:,:^>$F23:?#
MEP(89P!X-A6$,O>[KF7ZE>B\Z@EM=P;!R-H8LZC&I86-7[GJV4
MA1'SEPU\43C$CR,0UTK9T\*]#.=O5/D'``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0",
M8 &PO=V]R:W-H965T W"\)2M)*0GIWI%EI-9J9?:;!"58#1MCI=/_]EC$8&WI&G9<0
M#L?'=:J*PIO'M[HR7E%',6FVIFLYIH&:G!2XN6S-']^?'E:F05G6%%E%&K0U
MWQ$U'W=__K&YD>Z%E@@Q`Q0:NC5+QMK$MFE>HCJC%FE1`T_.I*LS!K?=Q:9M
MA[*B7U17MN C2\]I>VZ"TVQ08'/"T&QTZ;\V]FYQ 6_04MR^ZO#
MQ5?L@XGK6*@R#:'6'
M"NS7^X'K_2JV2$Z?ZS1CV6[3D9L!#0SV:9OQU\%-0)DGV8=2B93(M/\JZY!N
M+K+G*EL3WCQ83J%57G?Q*M[8KU#>?.` U.`"R1=("<5T0*$
M^JH)%./!XB\4*W'^ 1K-W[BA(`>10UB6,9G5)
M)6E,PDDBZK*IWS0;$(!:AM_;X&3=AD`@W\I6L2,SUI?I*$BATYB7CJ##'O)$E6
M0B*J]M2!FHWU/38X6; >XE\"WY`/<3V"(+_%]D.PAY.6#0Y#`4`7<
MECO`L:G-+NB?K+O@AAH5.D/,X8:2%5,/AB3`X,/5_2S@@(WCA
M'`O(9T+8>,,WD$?NW?\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0"*D?`3\0,``.,,
M```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T ,XDAUB1Q9)MAYM_O=1P[=L)6M/LR&0[G'M]S[W5L
M-A_?ZLIY191ATFS=8.:[#FIR4N#FLG7_^O/IP\IU&,^:(JM(@[;N.V+NQ]WO
MOVUNA+ZP$B'N@$+#MF[)>9MX'LM+5&=L1EK4P#=G0NN,PT=Z\5A+459T077E
MA;X?>W6&&U +5\7`68G0]X*A7(YL?Y>[(6
M76G3C&>[#24W!^85W+(V$],?)"`H:AI!9V0%=)7_J\A072&R%RI;%S8:A#.8
MC-?= >*_0S;SG'*: Q/Q[4NZ31:*22--=N3W>C(ETDRQRL
M;YJ[8P+>6 F1IN9CKI3KS1TD*84_IIL7^PB:EFJ0J=-*(&1;K,,L&
M)/"X#4&V;4@$)L!(CAAUEF1#W!^,5^>->"+)M
MHD=@QQ&,QB[5)&U#(Z;V,(B6#:B0:>.7]HO0L-U)Q&I1,,RT
M;)'D1)"L48'1-*9*2'OKUX*'$36,I^4M@"/K?YOK1&QW"K*;-PR[]->S%B8K
M'+_^TIX%/=86!\CT.$RX[5$ SNA@.TR\=RBN?O)?4B%[0$545 Y&%YT&M57S7UWCHSP@[B"
MBOJ.\3"!@_@.'B5P`D[Q_3S9@YGI%X=Y`B<2X)Y>`:Z8;79!WS)ZP0US*G2&
MG/WN(*+RDBH_&ULE%G;CJ,X$'U?:?\!\3XAA(1THB2C#K<=:59:K?;R
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M3CED(&2W*G;>VX_N-G$WMG/8M0+]D[.W6OG9JJ_\+:GRT_>\9*`VU$E4X(GS
M9T']=A(0+':,U7%;@3\JZ\3.Z >>"W3KB=5-G(N0MI6]
MU`TO_I4DMPLE@WA=$/CL@KC+V=J=;[SU]"#++@A\=D$6JT\'@<>UZ!S"#)9BW6WZ'Q5/3=A5_LZ"!0/[ZGHIV=+<06!39
M`ZO(D@QE_U'5H=PBR*.(LK>A\V%Y#59]/:PW[LYY!7ME'>=H *2%)8Z-HTH%&JG2$1'#2]AH) A(2`=64'#Q=TZ!;M=%(2YT4DJ25
M3HI(DJ^38I*$'I>0I-%[FD10H>D2";(N48?H=48.#B1I`<>G(B1R^SGO2#(ND8246WT@+8<=(LT%RU164.2
MA/**II#B*:2$)(U[TA2"C4]72)!UA3H$:C(:9(GZ(Y`DW45+U!\A21JMWQHD
M(DG(M#%)0FHG)&ETMJ:1"Z./*E(_#OW<3NTJ7:T.4@WEKU"G!/TZV.&HZ0KY
M+B192Y1E-(D53V(E)$O9ERZ9F+@F=YXKYS-X5??ODV,/J X&(D-)#(
M0&(#251$W[.8W*;O6 2OP.W6Z7V-3KB09B'?1S1K/+XZKU)/]-%YDY"Q_/&\
MT:42$]MTJ;KY3NWK8>133C(_X3)NBLLW^AKDH5TC^A81E^3L 8MA3
M)/N?N4V.AO"ZZ-\Y1[A0;1VGVHL81B1+M]=Z/!S:(R3L8B$6:MB(9B&KQC0+
M655W@M5
M\BY:?FGX'0X(N$/E#=PAMS]>X6\*X/YS,XZ&ULK%?;;N,V$'TOT'\0]+[6Q1?9@NV%;3GM`EN@*'IY9B3:
M(B*)`DG'R=]W*(H4*;F+[*(OL74\/#QG9D1.MI_?ZLI[Q8P3VNS\:!;Z'FYR
M6I#FNO/_^O/IT]KWN$!-@2K:X)W_CKG_>?_S3]L[92^\Q%AXP-#PG5\*T:9!
MP/,2UXC/:(L;^.5"68T$/+)KP%N&4=$MJJL@#L-54"/2^(HA91_AH)MX$FP"8]MN"@`.9=H_AR\X_1.DY
MBOQ@O^T2]#?!=VY]]WA)[[\P4GPE#89L0YUD!9XI?9&A7PH)P>)@LOJIJ\#O
MS"OP!=TJ\0>]_XK)M110[B4XDL;2XCW#/(>,`LTL7DJFG%8@`/YZ-9&M`1E!
M;SL_AHU)( \9!%)Z7OYC0M:_Z.".D>&9-Z3P&=/$B6S
M1;Q,UM_#`OMU4N!3LRP_*B50MKHL94B@_9;1NP>M!\)YBV0C1RD0Z_0H,R9A
M_Y4O2)0D.4B6G0_O#*2"0Y%?]\EFO@U>H3!Y'W. "191^@EV1@X6X`C&7K!EORX'W5^93!TGIW?
MU ?3(8.@C(K`98C`2J(%O@!,DFR-E&'('0
MK78"5>?.$H!%2?*7(U6OY8/$SJ%#5=]*CDZWKM]1(8LAB7W(JNOJ.(Q&KK+Q
M@O-XP?`>./)7KOP',N&`T3IEL*NS1Q(KXZMUXF;\I()B>&M,65;KM1N4F2"=
M@[-![&5#NSDV0,"X"G,XI+]M1RYR[2@$:CT(W82NT%._:N,$C ^M9A^&T3,M@UT2.PH^5B*'_7 M.
M0VZ5ANY6_OHHITQ)..K(;(@R%@=HR$P2#EWJ>I3WF=5P/^9178IP^&H11QBH
M9%'M$B;AT/.]Q3X(SBM30YAKW$)G/54T7"MR7.O8W85#"RN+:B)3LT:-V16?
M3G0JG0#W(#\]_#_E\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#"H917$`0`
M`"X-```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T >U_[:!Z;=IL+@@)?=Z=%IZ^[#-`\CU]]MA@+]@=&-:O\[M":W'WI J="IN#;L5W+[$>%SS:#=2W#$C:75
M1X9H"14%&B]: MVX$+\85J[?N8N4MDV`10KCS@BA[
MQIS2= H3+/"^00I\2I:E%T?+Y.D!
M+;[P-90I*UBQV_3DYL#L@7)Z*?@DARDP\_HLH,K"C:K8WQ4,*L5)]IQEZ\*B
M@70*77[;)>OEQG^#SI1CS&$>$YH11QG!V\!I,QO(-<
MA;N0[S](8+(569)EA$S);"#7`$,R#(,N^?Y`ROKR8&B,7M_5VI1R$#'16LD_
MSI!LAN0Z8NB+/Z./!\,$`9DV`"M+H`A:#*M]Z.]QAF0S)-<10R#T5R^@6-E>
M`C"KX)$Z1*+307)6N0*T=.>
M5)IA!P38W?AW.SS)M",0Z+DFU!KTHXR1.C,;R#7`$,E/=6VS^^=:\V!3G$`,
M<6&@RB%&>LQ:ZPY":Z/+))%TD-_-FO8:PP10/VZ"!YLF1@1*-)4XG&94N!!!
MYL#,)E\%*1L*T;FGCCBRVR'S0)EFUUH?V12EK$R0
MGCBM&=,+/Y>TP?I/>U$H#C?81*6(@X3,9DTK4#1KC+*Z9:V:;.*2]/G=1*V$
MID=^D/UOC^(T-#P*2&]C$ED+Y@A71#[',>RMJHUQ8DUM)J-4`?G5 HNK7NAV/,P@_\-LO?;N-1"O>`._@B
MA0-XCN_C=`_2YU\ &PO=V]R:W-H965T &V_8&[?;SY^6%TH>^0YQL("AHJO[5R(.G( 'UPRC3$TJ"\=WW=`I$:ELS1"Q]W#0XY&D.*;IN<25T"0,%TB`?IZ3
MFK=L9?H>NA*QQW-]D]*R!HH#*8AX4:2V5:;1EU-%&3H4D/>S%Z"TY58O$_J2
MI(QR>A0SH'.TT&G.2V?I`--FE1'(0-IN,7Q 2*:4%"(!?JR2R-%Y*)?&W/P]GMPIU[
M$&X=,!1%+:5GKF@I9_=)#*J"/Q&Q)X-B1^./,"-[R"`U930N#9D<
M*ORT62P7*^:_'@][',9`TG$M#;+^%&&+E
MP3S8L]ZNO`PVQ6JD][9?18OMQCMO)TBBD9&W?]JMH
MN7I\X.T82!I.>`P:H=\^#+$>;/Y#M?JPG"V@ST5.TL<=!0[8AE\Q?0[55Y*V
MBL3,HH'`]=;5_12*IU#20&`U3#2ERM-@T`?_)U4?*;!UM;IV1->@=W4^0
M>(+(&XR:)8WJ#L&Y._K\QT7!K92>Y04D!`SU4WP;1%N0/AW8!1'LO8`[W0IP*:K1"7]#[$0J;A7X
M")I=U1M,7ZOTBZ"UZI$#%7`=4G]SN/YB.-+=&?ASI%2T+W*![D*]^0L``/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`+8/D#OU`@``#@@``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULG)5;;YLP&(;O)^T_6+XOYU.BD*JAZC9IDZ9IAVL'#%@%
MC&RG:?_]/N,$!>BZJ#OG^_`Q^;VN6W0$Q62\2[%KN5@1+NWVXX?-D8M'65.J$#AT,L6U4OW:MF5>TY9(B_>T
M@R .P%M=X\+)D.;WG^:&EG3(F@C9$
M`;^L62_/;FU^C5U+Q..AO\EYVX/%GC5,O0RF&+7Y^DO5<4'V#<3][`8D/WL/
M-PO[EN6"2UXJ"^QL`[J,>66O;'#:;@H&$>BT(T'+%-^YZRS!]G8SY. _C$B]V1E3+R3B0_TI^>>Y26A&T;_=[$-T1#@/5%D
MNQ'\B*!IX$S9$]V"[AJ<=60^Y,=PC+'^*U2(49O =K&J]7&
M?H* &[@;1
MC,!HXJ%H?I@X<3POBU$,C!,D:-W+9%R'I#=-D1)G=N#.:*(!*8I#SYNU4F8$
M2Z+H/41ZTYQHUB$[HS%$GN]%"^;,*)9(\7N0]*8IDAL$L[H9C4$*XR! YCGD1O$43@*3%^9^6O&
M4TM%13/:-!+E_*!GJP?],*Z.8__.T^_.;'T'GX-A>-KC`QC'/:GH-R(JUDG4
MT!(L'2N&5A)FH)L;Q?MA*.ZY@D$\7-;PW:4P21P+Q"7GZGRCY]3X)=_^!0``
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`/DS=S1\#``#K"```&0```'AL+W=O "1>4]1GR;!=9I"]82?LZ
M0[]^WE^ER!(2]R5N64\R]$H$NEE]_K3( LP?]H.5P7K!J#8T);*UY$465VQ>*A[QO&FA;Q?O!`7
M!^[QX8R^HP5G@E72!CI'"SW/^=JY=H!IM2PI9*!LMSBI,G3K+?(4.:OEZ,]O
M2G9B]ML2#=M]X;3\1GL"9D.95`$VC#TIZ$.I0K#8.5M]/Q;@.[=*4N%M*W^P
MW5="ZT9"M2-(2.6U*%]S(@HP%&AL/U),!6M!`%RMCJK.`$/PRWC?T5(V&0IB
M.TK !.Y[$B^R0S]*TH^P!'N6\,CB
MVWX:>5'\?RV.SFNT*<<2KY:$UCJ0C*7PPLB/XJ.2,>5\C@B\-`SC8\$,K=`5EVM58%.KG[B3!]IL
MC9F)/0WDLX`A!;; &PO=V]R:W-H965T
M ?WZ.5^>WS_+FCR!-D(U&4VCA!)HN,I%4V;T
M]Z_-U9028UF3LUHUD-$7,/1^\?G3_*#TSE0`EJ!#8S):6=O.XMCP"B0SD6JA
MP3^%TI)9_-1E;%H-+/>;9!V/DN0FEDPT-#C,]$[=LKKF2+%EM1"_OB32F1?/98-DJS;8UQ/Z=CQCMO_W%A
M+P77RJC"1F@7!]#+F._BNQB=%O-<8`0N[41#D=&'=+::T'@Q]_GY(^!@3MZ)
MJ=3ABQ;Y-]$`)AO+Y`JP56KGI(^Y6\+-\<7NC2_`#TUR*-B^MC_5X2N(LK)8
M[0D&Y.*:Y2]K,!P3BC;1R&-P52,`/HD4KC,P(>PYH]=XL,AMA6\WT>0VN4Y1
M3K9@[$8X2TKXWE@E_P91ZJ&"ET=;,\L6 ?R$V>#_- /K
M^>I0G-BAH(EG6X8%].[91F?GOJ(XP@](,$.GV7J?Q(E]M?J#ITDR/'H9-..>
M=G6R,#AY/#S9U6G\9N]TN7";,HKAG1!,SPB"!I\GFKNA9O6*)CU&,N!$IM,,
M=?WT?J; E2-(;44*!E$MTBDPYC'CZL
M:OW`;97%\?2O%=[&@!.41"@NE++=AYN!_GY?_`,``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@`
M```A`"O:''8%!```5PT``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &UL
ME)==;ZM&$(;O*_4_(.YCO'QCV3Z*C=(>J96JJA_7&-8V"K"(Q7'R[SO#8+R[
M]DG<7"1F_#(\^\XPNUE^>Z\KZXUWLA3-RF:SN6WQ)A=%V1Q6]M]_O3S%MB7[
MK"FR2C1\97]P:7];__S3\BRZ5WGDO+%8,-]65X\[GH5-G96-3AD7W2`ZQWY NI? 0U+;J?/']T(@NVU6P[G?F9_DE
M]W!QD[XN\TY(L>]GD,XAT-LU)T[B0*;ULBAA!6B[U?']RGYFBY0%MK->#@;]
M4_*S5#Y;\BC.OW1E\5O9A`G]T5L'WV:GJ
M_Q3G7WEY./90[@!6A`M;%!\IESDX"FEF[H"1BPH`X+=5E]@:X$CV/OP]ET5_
M7-E>.`NBN<=`;NVX[%]*3&E;^4GVHOZ71`RAIB3NF,0'^O%[=^;&`0O"K[,X
M1#0L,,WZ;+WLQ-F"KH%GRC;#'F0+R'Q9&7%,:_W14@$/DSQCEI4-[0ZKD%"?
MMW4'-4YL_M1+')&D]>D)VD45C-0$J!:+`S<5TONJ;0T,+_@X9B$RTQT$BCH)F!
ME`+DJ^MKMFIHD8[V6*7Q)@,QO'82N4 4A##_:3*$K,]YT$_E!78UWIY3O,(X-X^Z4B'15W_,.A_S@O;1$J[VUK,A*-O3F/
M/ 6+?:.5-DS=00+FSWUC$]IJ"F,HTD`?%7?\
MQ%&O\#[V#C':('1N\R4:1:.O,&S J+::P@L"/S`4Z:BXPXW[@,']]8Z.
M!\:;E_]Z9*`I.HIHB_%8Q`RH[2A0VX'R*IATCJ5C7LV[`]_RJI)6+DYX1G5A
MS$W1Z?S\[.(QPHAOV`(.93CYIB_@6-MF!_Y[UAW*1EH5WT/*^2P"B(X.QG31
MBW8X7.Y$#P?:X>,1_H'A&PO=V]R:W-H965T /9`2=8!8RPV[3_?M 7#\WM?-$>DY9NW21%[@.:0M6TG:_='__NKO*78KSY\6!]8_\(H0X0!#RY=N)40W]WU>5*3!W&,=:>'+CO4-
M%O#:[WW>]027:E)3^V$0I'Z#:>MJAGE_#@?;[6A!;EGQV)!6:)*>U%B`?E[1
MCK^R-<4Y=`WN'QZ[JX(U'5!L:4W%BR)UG::8W^];UN-M#7D_HQ@7K]SJY82^
MH47/.-L)#^A\+?0TYYD_\X%IM2@I9"!M=WJR6[HW:+Y!L>NO%LJ@/Y0 OMP27H"C0..%B60J6`T"X.DT5)8&.(*?U>^!EJ):NE'J)5D0
M(8`[6\+%'964KE,\ F" %"0BS$/;2VY;,+A$FP;:P/(U&7KU/-,:PQ!BP+$'0SF#!CM2CZ+IH"-!4B2,#ZNIRUMTGP_7BZD^Z79V/)T4J'K`63X8H[8
MT66/.[M8D.Z(9O1IWNL!,_2063`[%H.N%@L0(I2%[SES45]%IXTU3Z>-=0"9
MSKS76N$J<8DS9S17Q;ATAQ,G3Z+)NLG;BZQY# M'TW40?W1W>D^^X
MW].6.S79P3D7>!DTR5[?3/2+8)TZHK=,P(U"_:W@!DG@_`X\`.\8$Z\O\NXS
MWDE7_P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`. &ULE%=-;]LX$+T7V/\@Z!Y+U+!8\N/,FS?#)W'Q^:4Y.L^TXS5K
MERZ9^:Y#VY)5=;M?NO_]^W"7N0[OB[8JCJRE2_>5 ^/\T]CYH'O)UY3U*V+
M$>;=+3'8;E>7])Z53PUM>PS2T6/1`W]^J$_\+5I3WA*N*;K'I]-=R9H3A-C6
MQ[I_E4%=IRGG7_ I^(5%1OL66%X/P35UVC+-=/X-P'A(=UIQ[N0>1
M5HNJA@J$[$Y'=TOW"YEO@L#U5@LIT*^:GKGVW>$'=OZ[JZMO=4M!;>B3Z,"6
ML4@J(0
M9A;$(E+)CD``/IVF%J,!BA0O\O^YKOK#T@V369SZ(0&XLZ6\?ZA%2- 3DIT+,()E#
M9%%9"/J,5P8EB35?Q"*Y%-` 8P$1L1A#I!>(!OPM)
M*%TG^3XY`5ZZ\*F1N\:5!:P1DTKJ)/%)%,:7S!*QT1%!EH1$*]#@!J+=SDV`
M;6Z9F7F-F$1RNR-)'L6^B=@8B!C8)>$%87"+IG`38)M;?HF+NB$&N8%H),]L
MW71$$(9`_@_<8/!OUTV`+6ZII )II5O'^+A1@*W-BM6.--Q`^SR.*V,1!IDN0:>X-;/H6;`%O<4KMAB-%4
MT6X8F0FXY>VR2+25>Z"+`JEI"<6?V;.-0DAZ)AO+S]]O$D$+-KPRM7*M%4B3
M0K]C9A>N>?.($/18(_M0"P0I+7SQ9VN!B!$M)EDS&?'F-#)SK15(UP*7C62?
M9+YDS'WM_:)`J$42!8F]70P`R>(HO3Z5S49- D`NEL_F2J9)*K2O2']H&N
MJ6?7?31X3XM)/DK&C'0PM)IQXJN56C: [@Y=J?I;##.SP.X47/3O) _0\``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`-YGV,*X
M`@``>@&ULG)5=;YLP%(;O
M)^T_6+XOGP%"%%*UJ;I56J5IVL>U`R98Q1C93M/^^QW;20JDG;K>)'R\Y^4Y
M[S%F>?G$6_1(I6*B*W#H!1C1KA05Z[8%_O7S]F*.D=*DJT@K.EK@9ZKPY>KS
MI^5>R`?54*H1.'2JP(W6_MK!G5I(3C2 DE)98MXZT=!
MD/J H:U;2&U'N..VT,Y&T)1KX5\Y**92HM0=VO@,][SGW "KM7%-E)X@/?"1(Z'T*^GOH1SH@A7XQ.
M,@./G:!JZ=9F;C-1VM!Q=&3P:;X9--/#&LGG\3F*("@^6)($_S"8'39#:\
M*)XGP#B!7`\E83[/X95_D8PH9Q^A-$43RNS%W^7D-*FE#),P&1)8Q7JHF"7Q
M4#!"A#7U_T&:HBEB.`G2:1PB))0-"1SB4!'.T[<9TX\PFJ(IXV2E7SN-8QQG
MY`B']]^> &*V
MY]-7 &PO
M=V]R:W-H965T /N\4*(Z5)DY-*-"S#STSAJ^W'#YN3D`^J9$PC;>IKMS`\V*W)KS!UF$MW^,ABH)3
M=BOHL6:-MB:2540#ORIYJRYN-7V/74WDP[%=4%&W8+'G%=?/G2E&-5W?'QHA
MR;Z"N)_\D-"+=_ 2%1F^]M>[
M%7:WFRX_OS@[JYL]UU7@&\2
MY:P@QTI_%Z?/C!]*#=6.("`3USI_OF6*0D+!Q@DBXT1%!0#PB6IN.@,20IZZ
M[Q//=9GA9>Q$B;?T08[V3.D[;BPQHD>E1?W;BORSE34)SB9+H#^_#YQ@%?E1
M_+:+:XFZ`&^))MN-%"%*07@]8P0^9#QY:Q?4(S8H)@J&+8;
MNP#>/5LP.?3%D %.VW5"1!L%(,6*#'AYFY=)#K]?);)HRQA-&JXDM
M8QC.$8>"51H/!2/">$X8PM[7" '?OK#ULQI+&(\RU+W?#=\OTF@4PH@P
M&1.^3F;$4[+5)'=68\G\931,C46S@J[U1B3FSII,A+=S939-B=()D=78CEM$
M0;"Z%A6G &PO=V]R:W-H965T [0.JFSK9V?8F-BV)?[Q_>9BAI&QM*MHJSI>XD=N\.7JXX?E0>F=
M:3BW"!@Z4^+&VGY!B&$-E]1$JN<=_%,K+:F%I=X2TVM.*U\D6Y+&\91(*CH<
M&!;Z+1RJK@7CUXKM)>]L(-&\I1;TFT;TYHE-LK?02:IW^_Z"*=D#Q4:TPCYZ
M4HPD6]QN.Z7II@7?#\F$LB=NOSBCEX)I951M(Z`C0>BYYSF9$V!:+2L!#ESL
M2/.ZQ%?)8EU@LEKZ?'X*?C`G]\@TZO!)B^J+Z#B$#=OD-F"CU,Y!;ROW"(K)
M6?6-WX`[C2I>TWUKOZG#9RZVC87=SL&0\[6H'J^Y81`HT$1I[IB8:D$`_"(I
MW&1`(/3!7P^BLDV)LVF4%W&6`!QMN+$WPE%BQ/;&*ODK@)(C52!)CR1P/9(D
M:93.\B2?OLY"@B)O\)I:NEIJ=4`P--#3]-2-8+(`9N=L"OG\V1E8 XA0G;$K,\QZ8`@T'Q0`%U/%?R[LP-#>A@-G6?QN'/`3/R.
MGC:"JM-&SFKVJE575&*@'!K.9\E@Q,>Q#IC"!Y'%LRQ[5O3"Z>0]`ES16,!S
MDD%`P$R#@*3(3S;CA0`8MO]/P!6-!62C!`+F*"`MDK@8`"\$3-\CP!6-!4P&
M_I!`P`0!*8Q$\17KZ99_I7HK
M.H-:7L-LQ5$!(>IPMH2%5;U_R3;*PIG@;QOX!'!X`^,(P+52]FGA3J_AH[+Z
M#0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$` (@;8`&*(H^
MSC2UDHB(HD#2+W79*VZM@IZEYL<36 OMZ!%5A0I$GRD6<2ND4!^$N4]).!!>$OX7\K2]<4]'* Y--1-AK_FX5%1V=1Q^#U;U;1HR>Y\2P%Q6E'%Q;;\[R<3<XM8[1&^%2AOT(C.#S6^7_6]%`_V4GP7O+;;&$#N05M^E/<=Q&2`
MO%&"%3I?B0=CIP\23]-TX(WB(B:,;@BL#@)O,E_]3V8/+BC:&BS/IG\ S]%@:[I,GV0'RT2$@*HOK$J=)@:EA!6UKB=`;OPHY,@_184MO 0V/W-2RLZ2%"BG39(+K8N+^Q8/3?9CAM7:X-^&QP&UL[%E/;]LV%+\/V'UC1"SF67"72(6=L#/F-^-"0/E(<8E@HF
MVE[5_+S*UM4*WDP7,;5B;6%=W_S2=>F"\73-\!3!*&=:Z]=;5W9R^@;`U#*N
MU^MU>[6 6\/7.=K?;=/`&9/'-)7S_2JM9=_$&%#(:
M3Y?0VJ']?DH]ATPXVRV%;P!\HYK"%RB(ACRZ-(L)C]6J6(OP?2[Z`-!`AA6-
MD9HG9()]B.(NCD:"8LT`;Q) __/QY.1`R:"'1BR^?_/;LR8NO/OW]N\ *1R5D1SB
MB!4-?A.KL$S(P5SX15Q/*O!T0!A'O3&1LFS-;0'Z%IQ^`T.]*G7['IM'+E(H
M.BVC>1-S7D3N\&DWQ%%2AAW0."QB/Y!3"%&,]KDJ@^]Q-T/T._@!QRO=?9<2
MQ]VG%X([-'!$6@2(GIF)$E]>)]R)W\&<33`Q509*NE.I(QK_7=EF%.JVY?"N
M;+>];=C$RI)G]T2Q7H7[#Y;H'3R+]PEDQ?(6]:Y"OZO0WEM?H5?E\L77Y44I
MABJM&Q+;:YO..UK9>$\H8P,U9^2F-+VWA`UHW(=!O -29#`P<
M7""P68,$5Q]1%0Y"G$#?7O,TD4"FI`.)$B[AO&B&2VEK//3^RIXV&_H<8BN'
MQ&J/C^WPNA[.CALY&2-58,ZT&:-U3>"LS-:OI$1!M]=A5M-"G9E;S8AFBJ+#
M+5=9F]B (K5"MQ:FNP;\G'2]B9P5(;'*`&O2]U,8A;`?9.OA`W[
M4Y/99/G"FZU,,3V^I+!3!Q(AU0Z6H0T-,Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/,>E$*
ME%2CLTFQO@'!\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK,+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR,T8C-Q@,']
M.E1!GS&5 LY;6TSY1;G-.F*EV(&9\ F_W4`BA;JI)6@8,[F3\
MN>]I!HT"W>04\\VI9/G>:W/@G^Y\;#*#4FX=-@U-9O] 2!=(.SB"QLD.VF#2I*QIT]9)
M6RW;K"^XT\WYGC"VENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*0Y/L
M(&,<8[Z4%3]F\=%]0.?#:8,25-,,&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`WHW8`K,+```):P``#0```'AL+W-T>6QE VJ-U4K=:O*@$F\\8,: MF^^>_4][:L3;=PPF.B]RZZN.BOSD;_;O;7_[B9A._> )-2`1;";Z
M +9\>W-9;AV`KBR"B/?CN$P>NILUI%C+S?8R/ V9]B*CS0Y*
MY'UW$86;, =D]2!8N)Y0[J02W-ZLP((+T0$VHK>N7(/PIL/`:.`.(AS^[O=G\
MK'VU/3C30WB+T`LC+08K@WSL3[3O*+F>VY\\C%GZULW_7>DM,&GF".D?[.
M=\%,>+*3H3+Y()*-)P_+9/^X1R:.UZ">5QO]YA/=LB"']+I=5"LUV(F8C6==X' #LTG6
MM_K64*IDG"^6[88,^Y9,5=8PM.Z&]V=3IWQF5=*E:?A++H3N@?@>
M6O@YAY^ I1[O!TGEU0D
M34UE!`-`,.Z/QEBJK4H0
M*+(J0:#(JJQ:[TC(_&FDP,2%XE@E"!19E2!09-6AY`P\5&Y5@D"150D"159E
M +#9]
M6:[,I-7'&:^[\_'"`8/%9E*:R,5&J#`FGH?1$E:)LJ6/WAC&H\FYVQO/6<4P
M^HW QC&LJ=S>+%W[*0QL#[YVLA;9WP,M8=4)%I@F>OSL+EZ`
M&3>3G=@A87$J#GF&-7'D8@[-[M`V\,@!I1M_6"
M$QT&.9/4]8J)M0Y:(36?8`MF:F9IP0;@$YE+"+:0(6,QR2PJ(VDA)B-I("@C
M:2$J(X3.ON#*-+D,M[#@N6M@RQIUNVR$V=A?]A,DP/=X3&V;LCYKF^S1:&T;
M49UFRH/\4HJ-J8$?5HGOD;2F15G.F@9[I*QI(2HC[S=[) 9@A`".H0("[_U(=@'NJ0`"3,AD"28
M3$J.Y0FEK$J_P/^`E!:7?ENIF>1;1"S7!P`$`KEE4I5E6*(6:'2"M4``DA%&`"/DJ@HZH0>UV.<
M40T$@JH,2;S!4)4B*095.;(PA:$J11((JC(DM82J%$DQJ,J1Q!2J4B2!`!I1
MDB&I)52E2(I!58XL3-%7E2()!%49DEBB?^(4V:'3ILDD*ID_A<7[ZJE0,%`V
M_-^UU>NJ=B*U5S5H`EI9\V3TE(P 3^#(-,O.]R
M`9.I3J3C?;JQNZ!G?HKL]:/S"D/19*7W==5*P!I,!7]8^]"U)LREZZYR+C7AXA^?/#1;V%V]\6A@N:QS"`(.^NIZBJ-3
M_5&(A%VFLK=ID4U/&E('?*6^PSNIH0X@J_?B2IWA9..A ..R1V+'[2@)./A2@"OG*C*5X/E;%%
M3L/[C
MQ&L$$H(;`TF0VIC`XY$YQM,?'5
M:TE/O!WEUF+H-7NR,9R=Y\58"=#^9%P);)^EV!87V-1";A'D;Q#,M\!H^$AD
M>$QY]]?:A7:WP"HSMQH6V/.MZ\%CA+!JQ.U)"U@,#?UI 5W&?G`@N2JNP(TA+@2G"9_'^;0KZ=T*EL!30(Q*9M!G YA;B 4(:B8
MS_@PB)P&GR+8LQUV:\;/\.R'3(FX+Y;$#M;0(L#_M(V)&K$5(6((YJ5'-X:G
M9&5!S)%`6"(X'D/8CYV3V,DH@C3^:DB__MA.AS?/UC&Q:@['5V8?6=P,1Y,[R\&YFQZ
M?V^-NT9W]A]0&;XCZAI>,M3B'4SL75&PO[UG7F\\>%-3E`J;@O]2G)OHY""!
MSY[F!;!A 3O\/J]K\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0",>`#4YG(`
M``:M`0`4````>&PO MN6\FUY[\/,.^P83@X
M;H!R2]2]D_2!6K(3)]UNCV4G"`;S@2*W)*8I4N'%;N53WN%\&F`&R+/D4?(D
M\_NO556[]H44[21]SJ23M$CNJEJU:MTOM7_Q[S_>38H/Y7PQGDU_^63O^>Z3
MHIP.9Z/Q].:73]Z_>[ES\J18+`?3T6`RFY:_?/)0+I[\^]?__;_]8K%8%HR=
M+G[YY':YO/_JRR\7P]OR;K!X/KLOI_QR/9O?#99\G-]\N;B?EX/1XK8LEW>3
M+_N[NT=?W@W&TR?%-G_\;C!GY%[WR$>`
M; W:`6_*^7@FK(Z*B\&R-?8,O(\,]R\G@YOF+`'XS
M^1)B+ #:>O!"&$`H'K^ 3R #N;EHOA^M31V!Z5KAKU974W&P^+E9#98
M-A\YGTT7L\EXQ*F-BF\&D\%T6#(S;+]8QZ0Y%^Y_PGRM1P>+V^9W9T.3+XMB
M7@[+\8?!U:3L%=.R!?:KZ8=RNNP@LS?S\GXP'A7EC\BT!>B1`)HM;]MG=[98
M:).SZV($C2-UQM,5.$`6S@=+9-2B5PR=!IM`OILM88GP8S&P>9K/_&HV&WT<
M3R;-[]_,M0#24'"5?UJ-[\6JG7N\@%,68T!,6UBSUL5,HKF8(H4Z)SI?+9:S
M.WA/NYP/ADNVUH'3-]#`=,UO?_OKW_[:W,JC"&P.'-O\
MO0>%3$2T._?9__O#@XM*&B[M/]DUY_[R1,4SUU\?/BF`F.?;*C
MO=YQ?S^N53WUXN>VUF%O_VA/LR5PJD=>ZHP7]^506)^TD(TJDF!=OU4,H`U[
M92 RQ_N&>`]('SF(^[%:R5C-X,R-EH-);P0;Y(C.W`UL/!_1AY@S1R(+7#
M^W@ZS7.%359W*V.,8E1>CX?CENATPK*MWLXF(Q3COVU^-*,2V]Y60S?IE3?H
M+8R\ QC#[9H>,L!L^IPFR-RNEH/2.VI1Z'H>GHC
M")F"EPE52N&8WOL^J;JM#F'=X-:F;^>S*?;&J\ED6BX6LNC'J&J9?&]+U/:J
M)=S/UX\XG^&UP,=K1OYJ/F.%^_GL>KPLGDWX\$43G+!+5H_*X*OF(Y<8?(#7
M*V[**=I_8F0^&-V-IV;A2V84S\;3X60E+ZMXNM\[/(&_CT_M03X>'!SU3OK'
M==[N"6YCEIVKP0))"@/+*#'KH@7FVW*!C3V\M2E'X&DR,].@":NS;[!2LDTU
MG_M6B+F>S^XRBZ;YS/>RBPHVAG50/`OH^:*%GE_)NG#D%DA)1,;CZLN6Y^'Q
M=+0:VMZQV,QG%59&Y96[AHO!I#1UE0G@)I2OILL2X;V,Y]=IO,3UL.6PFCA"
M5H$L.FRMYO0!H9VH:#Y;(348C"*'\+I?%A(-K?G]1PK4C
M#-5H68!9(,@PFC2"4URQG$5]8138FC"?J3&V^6P$JA@LE_/QU6HI^ZRY0%`E
M:\=R$`D@V0K%3@%3("6DSD;CR0I3KCD8%2"C?#..+[J-]^9 D*'P=SQ3U:9%K3V740+V5%)GOCPDV3=6HGVHA%
MI 1PO"+QX:'YUYL^=S+QY[+-7,3U,RP>Q,,NW,W[%I/9B9<
MP%/S$1-9S2^C\SY88F-7:"8*JUTP2=ALC'V\P`8=H1Q-NY=`SYOJ4K_26N$``"RR^V#3]MZ4H!=4ZT%
M#PF7*=TD:!H:=.WP'"]K!V_+5EM-\(^#TD6JFU"]$:RNR?YQ$!-=?#9 9%Y8"T(G
M$L];S!,/91,00;B\;`W^3,[;;J*U.\OQLQ$TZ;Q.O_739]@*F)Q#+^1L5US3
M.N2SAKV_=B.#1>6!-@]I#2,?M)[[+$9N3_,(([;IJ+%C5N, ?YMUMI(JP2>LPDP;IB9/Q71C-X1E3>4.9//\GRF8](6ON&TL
MR?1;1PPMNK#--5P?"I+HJ!9CI6]'&SV6S:.BD;ENS283F15@49]5AZ/\BLSW
M>&Y)>IPJZC1N=B8$&4%==S)1`3BP%:-E6T:34I*4XR8*)__=,#"[@OC*Q9"R
MD9;7 N'[ZE2831+!K1HS,=J*"Z::D+R-&[SD*J'Q^MRN=4C$-B6
M6=UJ3()A34:Q]N1&A[)Z C:@BF#74RHE("`%7:6HGDSGPW+DKRH
MB:U/).;NP6G])BY;!]"%S.:@IF1URTSQQTT'4-L58>3$IE#M=2V'BGQM+EG?
M5CXZ-_ ?O?QC(.
MX UOFXT0\-['PMAQ.L![&>,DI :
MH_:>%]_/;P;3F.00%*\ME*#EOD]I\>:XUR**YI=[S_]&<53\Y_,FCJ/U[^;\
MQKGE.3DS"DFGP^?%L[__Y?]47_[]+__W"^Q ME2:%0>49Y)#5H-OOH:E"\HTCLAX+<
M^NJ^^)_?OSO_']]\55R>OSW[7SUF>[\ @
MZKN+'S.0LZ4$,UASH61;LQTL[E>JKKIV^R![7N+Y97DU7PEJ2G$\[YX_,"^7
MV,AL;SJS? O"%*309T8/)SG),CO[#>#'V M&0+S4?+R@.%4EC
M%G)>7J/M%DQ9#.Z9=@"%L*OAP(HRQ'!WY=T5Z?E6E7).F$7^H8M2F[\W/Q>_
MFDD5(6:&Y7S:I/-WX#(@4ENR @.Y48@A/9U;R5T^JFT?:\O\
MS'*A8\NGOQU`*'&^C[/Y#P(KU%F%H6&QI95ZNK@4,QG+W%-#`[92);H-H21]
MW_X8F_-$\=5@-5GZX2(R57JFS;!S4:I%B0-8$,/U8$B%#&>.ZPPH5J_*I_F`
MH)QQ+/7\2P4_1[.5PIQ7I*'-R$B4][\YZHHR(OZ UK,SVDTAK=F6'*.BG%"HO%A),(\79X*5`+= )-+X;3*D_T$]__PO'>T]M]J)%3TUT
MBW465"V)4D4^@F!0%17&9:\>S$K1KPVP%]((%D-R:IZ:A6P;8;=RVHP+LH,S
MZ!8A#6"#0+2)/NWB@ME8Y=K["&0Y6_=&+R??XMG>%P!^AVULIF98R+G-RD5?
M:E]DWI9CU9ZXQ9"*4TTC7I)O`+160->$LD2 .LJL;@DJ8N[#_'A$J2V7BJ:NMAL39
MO$6(2_9CX""9)#92'TBG=G#MI\V(FW3R.4_C^#(3A2=UW;CO=$\AN=0?8T)4
M3BP6/4)0$LZ??P]G-U2+QDAEPRHJT(ZQE'0A5UH>9B5/"8$5F)NQ X43@U2Y5\
M&(:B\"RP-_/-"5J%%PC YLX_JMOGG1.=,YWS1^A1(9-?A!3XSQ
MLP299JA69AF^8/V/^C_X?C'F6.1:PL>4O=R"3L@0JWN%11&L*TQF'3,H$QI"
MY$OSYJ=JHZP(&"-!6U;\""0A=6 ,?:_S*Z-LPD%@*#8(]=P)%$_28B]T#4*MP/^MB%#[2"\K#N)=NN
M67L\;9$TTOC>@V6MEY%=Y`/XS^&H-E1,+\H;V0PZE 9YPXD(=X@D=`=+9?[#2J:6&0P1;(!HI[S),D@B@[Y!]4\3A0FJZ]*..1>
ML029&ACM$E[SD:D_/[]\'FO&00D_2_Z9\A?*M(7["E3Y[>\OBU^=G;V)
M#O!V%!H- ,EPD\WS4H;.:WE[] :64+Q#1A9HR0"B,",#
MZ"Z4PIKI,KB^CKHML43DH"3U#:A;& X;NV7AC+QB=0QUL3.'LM@W1MK9@6F"S2\"3(=
M\>-,JYVA-T"$+!3:C:-:$7DLP"I+5HR-\E(D1"PDWC5'EP B;X^B`A:+O`9+8*@/O8Z;C#"/$87/'Z!QD8@#K/25@0Y:YV<1DFB7FL6
MZ 1D= $/\&IX#$3PH<0S9)7==0K4WL`5N_=WAT[+#N]_:.
M3WM[A[BA4&EJ4>QBI]^LIF4'/_D)@$FYN)G`R>`)](-;)>FR_L@-94_W3@YZ
M^[1C2F(2;9/N:+OQ_R)TB3I;8`IMW@/ZE+XK&>$;4?62XHKB=VI2%=54.N35
M%/]@9 (>#AD0V&YC0''-9PZN)7H&7H3B7Z2L+MDAHO`]JA;#3
M7.'X!V%0*Q!QG3](RD8-D20UJ-;(FI"KB7@7:CH.C.1H!$"5J4L^?9FZFDU?
MA6+Y'%"+`?]H2JVVO1'X@I$%QX(VWN6.7!G:RI7S,5J=1U
MI6G'%7+A+K2(MSAW/V'.C7B*2"`<12@QH3D4LF*E$HBR.RBP$G^PX`W&(+B[
MFXW*R>+Y(PB5"G!E$/#AH>_6MG'3AH,5.]&V"=G)A- 2%05H455;/G>$6>7W)SO0;;B/
M==\^8290-_(IF4Y'QS\SOK>42)Q&J.I>NV'TM=?F7I6:.Q+7[ECZX-TF 8M.CF+,N-MPD93YJ1',H0I%B7E-79I
M'5J?%*HU4R[H,\Q/#"-X)#H%D#V))(GB%I^(!?*9"M4@:-R(EQX7U>+K&>I7&2OR.["3DYSJM_G"%
M`A=%'ATT;S7:I>2[U-T>7.R(WFJ@[2F:OLIN?[S%!L[VE4*&B#^`G8Q_P,^^
MY?X8021YYT$U$C;@27EUH>Z,OQ,Y\XL,!^4N.!]4^!6R8D#021I]C!.*(%>T
MQJ*9'B;/1D 14;M(%#.@0DS6\8
MRE%U,`O3H:ETT!%$S?&.G4==Q-K!+GA \U[X (*1O919-*FTW8%X-K;,9J2
M&T]G3-QX5-P@/5I14Y#T5$&YXO#DM'?0WV^.CK_S[[U>_^"4].=N\YGZ"E2@
MM.FG.:0>!^SZ5/2YUV>W=]0_VG9L05ZS?\(-.ZT1?IM#HJ5M)ZS`8NI]76QT
MNZR)K#U;1&BF)D*.$)95&
MZ043(^N1IR8?A;&F_<0DPZ8'3()URFK=[:A,%YT9F%,NF`OR@"Z+HWRP?)SL
M?_5OF,@5?WN$H! *
M58.CJ452!!"A6L6PG&P@%_WW#?\W_I)K0_\L: G`WQB.VD7U]81>AFF#_Y1-T]FRN+[^T599?!QN:%;.;
M2N/]?JXMY9PBVS(L;3*>82RPDI,[8V+4\690I7YD1*$M9RK680&XSDW>$'T>.!8=9Z,-HW$33HJ[0WZ2;A.T2132)S;@YE?5YYQA6"DK70Z
M[T22!@PT`,'(/-%,:+W<=8J/8D>B6%,AL6@@A,2B $"@
M!?;(#,XLP(-&)3@@NA)U`PPEBE5$(G*646I]5&.$463R"K3L%8,A'\Z!I)(6
M'WP8C">FM%W1ZB';.C#H[\KGCLQ*$!IK3N0!&<8BT-Q IQB-?R5$Q>9%(3]'WJ0KV
M[!"8J&U,^(6W(BPYPX!3%[[+K^N=:-^J$^U;)-FH.+.>K^;CL?D'645$9'IC
M!I-+.T\NX%V-H2R7AF+F2H159O"VHE7YZ-D=UNNCPC4%,Q2__`CY/F3RM=E>
ME[N'6VP#0<4^/%#39G(QLG)7SLG.PU4/79V=-[!P#`A#EXN5(C^&_@T\?1'\
M"Z=SALEK,IZWZR3%VXDU 6I`+1L2_7)YK^9=`O-#\53FZ9&'^^\14\I7
MZ.N#72R^_?Y:*H\!N2,!&+M .MG"6\=.-55E
MVW7T"WJU$8DAA8K$!/C*:F.=
M*""BC2&`D,X5GJ.#[M6J/MRX.2=NKT%--O('Z9C
M04*VTLDI.=P\3),>HICF=-X%$LX_)3NU2%;2",IN!O.1Y%-`'O].V,:-]YHA
MOH2K]92GM)!@,1$1$]Z8L!8XTR9AY.#"5[XY *EH:A0F$Q!%P7QS)K$,%>\R.%
M!Q8]:> *0J@Q1 AD@G4I.C]7 IH@+FA2,)M-
MND"_=P,M(L!7%M06(\YG2GP<3G4P65#]Y,6VP:`/F[0UA1WXRPN#8!O%QKQ!
M*168]`]^/#9-JCL2@UZAR&I]@:8A2KL4/20G/F?59&O'IIQ
M>3W=.`XTH>>XR\@!8"ND_GA$LB]*!7X(@D'LQP)&U,F1#LFTJ)F#!1(Q(1X)
M;(?DJ.P3)@V7Q`*M\BS6T]%87 >"S-RQ,!N/P(VU]I'59-&P`Q`&J
M)4Q335E"3$SFIFVUTD3O,A8W8MC$YXF%*+M&S&&!JVZ.(*R7%M?(,3TK/U9]
M EP@&'_/Q%I>W?Z%\4F,L(]H#QHJ>I!$
M0Q3#C9T9'WBM@)N7:(?UCYFC30V:]PGQQ2VAM*I5:O9WK5NPF>^@@&2XD7(/XK&D&$P
MIJ(J2I\I02/GR,TLVU;L8=J@Q--BVGJ0-,E6H*L,_XCRXZB@I4K;-L)WX:F=
M%Z&5^4RWIKJ*;P7G "1(?,8JIPO *):`?I](`P[E%4$7>9=X;$NL;N*1V`4-44
MI'_':'F3CL!$HV)D\TY`CB1WY"6$'E)>N;S.>41"(0[EKCF+=CQ8,;4[-A`L
M"?QHHP;Q)PQDY03+6[D*3*97)O$\8L_,YOB.)-]K%!+<8R$?TEH5S*$KIW"U
M*GVZP!$%%#]@G<1M6J,W6%'5DR1KG!;&I0@-:LUHRT!"4&43.QTD)S%435J:!?Z\2+*@@VU9W:L&1,\W%-B9R8P$
M\OJH09'*"'5V"L5`F74NT'%T+^W +R")$U%'H0![V2#X*ZM)@,UQACO
MN&D %15S/.FT@1;U2F"DT;>3I:+3X
M-8M[;683Y\6S;UY ?U>Y)R
M&GR/O@S]A=D\>OZ=VL)X7KCUUR`%T\Q9::4"RDQ#Y!HR6=':0(WATMI"6B8R
M$&_6P$:-)4Z]KQ`D=J+V+$,0BB>:`9GO*51(CQ)6V"%?[.Q/@VK`9NO%&1+8%Z
M31H.41"_#1$[)%$\0!N0XC;L.L(![9E%YFBWB3+BR7I+PO&;,X;!XIY.,Q<0
M9&6LIO)5I4DM%#48?=!!.-XBT:%J,3@J`[P5J.(X'_%9DE4A(1?2
M`E[=4_D'[Z(RE>3\+^&QG-$!5#L_C]E*DUB!I;&^AP?$D)$P/.'?HH08=6W*
MPC>TX"8?62M(=XG(">]83UK(A;1),M!/>$XTY=AT0V6[F*?M0:M%9*-`'NKS&!#F]9G`*YLJ*
MR=)SC?IJ1__3/K6BN\BLS8*XLF`<>-IH::N:[_.-/NQ&U)Q08S2(*_=
M5;10CM:,SOI0!3M>%%0CFVQ^SS[#^GHB1Y77FE#$9GBRL>P.
MKRBB#LDLKR(48M6A8D'@SQ^]DD.O*PEQ>.7DJQ380^T;&N;9AA`O
M%6F+`F"+>&F7-J`R+G=RY!U9CY$LU)2<1TWY2,US,[Z\OFK2L':@%+C>PR
MHZH9:+G>_5G6Q#2P"CQ:!=8?KN0PV70Y.VS)^A.4WR(J,\6/!7?8HN$ 7U[44W;M,
MX-F]GXH2>PN[OQ(5".%-3LWJT ,;(
M(E.VXU=855P=;J4&'G+?")DIIOJ%B7#8G=)P)=#Y#UH:HL!4K!79C13;@:AF3#Q)];VYK@
M.9)X;![SI6Z(W?G&@E?25/&%C,WG @J
M$J\K?@F6$1X(9LJ@26[CLL96Y'HDC8*#Z1(K'FQFH8V@NVT6/R'<4H.D[L(%
MJ9[+ M__Z7_[`5K&N3]U=+='JM@J\9":QSHR;/C`S::#*A'&)CBIZ(A/R6WQV%'_71
M6X.KRQRB\17NP)2-*8W`%9D$+,):2D)FI]$B&-7(?ZN&_S>@#HK!^+!)@F
MQ4!3A%#EAMG]`.RV)@JLT<>?>?'FTKI]P#'"XGX5 UKC!'G2#%"F2=1
MKF1OT@N%!MA\RJM)`'"^ZF6;KNQ^"1Y
MIF%J@",.X^6/BZ!^`,?#8O?0K7%6@JPB#KLU.^@!B[Y#WBC].-94A70L;"8J
M\\L_C(%Y6HANKF8C7#C[E8V@AAGU:/[M):S(U^]R(W-OE]A!!P9TT>[RP=__T*#_HM211MQT4`4'^
MVKPZ \L")1D!Q"O3A9](#$VAL*G;2"^$/SW=ZQT>M]JRNH?1
M:W5X>M([/&R]9R<21HU:[NOO4_@4T+K7C]]V-T?%7[O^7807VS=AB&3\SX>[
MZ/>)7.RV.O*ZH(,YZ$GC)'9/6\\'"%_\"R`\H`ON9+^U8C>$_FUQM`N]G!RN
MP>/+?R:47(J^?P1.VC@\]]M H)SJ3[L
M]X[W3WJG>\?-U=YF@C9H[;JD;@ZHYMSFK^*T=WSX28>D60OD9[\]S-LMHR(U
M*9*)J4\!5`L$`?WXL$Q\-Q]^B_N$;W56I=3?\#IZ[LSCRBTI]_KS-'4MBQ_O
M)E\M[@=#FL80,0NLU?+)UZ^X,AZS 8UMORB^F ^
M"EH;G2R/VG;OO0@5$JO2!0]7R2HGRI>C/%O1O'5E54%O77M[3^!7YHS+H$@U
M;6EEP7AC+VE@#&(0V(]VW*,E.+Q7$X:*RBJH5M.[ZAF&$1KBBL^$KA*3\<6?;N=*O[,ET!F+W$1S5N(3R1
M;N(C+6`LJDOI7EBURF#D]I!FGF+D<CY_AL&IY`>JLMN)L. 2 A%&8I05/SL*G"D'KHC!2D] =6(Y_[_+ZW.5C?P?&Z9-036Z]ES-[@DUEMBX:>Z..`BF5+B
MW_=8H/Y.%(4\_!4NT).;4&9$G(6P-[0N$:X'3Z:U&$GA_3HN1
MD:\*$BD"7?%QD#[A@@9'"O5LZ:6#:^9R$&62RWP$PG^.$2((_6J'[/H#I?_<
M.''[IKH'0IM%,4#:TT^U.=)+%;QRM @($*B_
M5F=)M$2$G4'QZP?N%ZF_B",F>0J](@]=&+3,2[V*`IDP\$P"OQ;?25^=\28J
MD>A%>)40?[ZP1$AK^S^%:>,4)KL##T*Y2.36+:^K#(16&:Z5RV.T?4_%@.\U
MWKT)[H0S4MY^GT,S$2.BTWO+W'=A$7#+LV;E.6YO';=5N4*5LG%3!0:P_&O"
M,=(IX-B"T[QO(%2YDUP//:(#Z'CD)0^^0TMK$\./OEVL0P<6,WV4-\=$F+`O
M8@RPL;KO@/VZM$MR"89[*%C$8ALF"S-28)A,9+H/UY^%P?54%(YN)EV-K^GZ
M-@/+S)D&_JJF%9H" 4>+%'!0
MI*,-KW4\(-S^^#_;SO:J<76!NU113EL/1*;?Y#)"4W(,\>A2T5 J!).9_W4O'PVUNBT"K*A:0J=#Y(;W:K;?-PG^JK(8R0A5+@S5^BX)
M)1'JJE,7-49+!'$OM#>#?#*DU-ZV2CX@N8]!ADROM9N.RS\C#9`V&;]!HF
M$X\2GR1%>;]D?F+ZEB>!#J90\S=`.=9J)^%G&%\6,))FM!0JXT(O4>WQ#A82
M(DS4.R)^,R`P-+<74QP:>+&%`+$?FLVS>ZOBR3];T&GW6F9B?]=>7@I9H+%#
M#A"$R:@CWI05+VE#X$*\W+QSQO.77N2W]B&A=]O,7CM''*(B28^BG%2;\,SV
MMK#?2B]53VSZJ^@?[_>.]EM@O^&LR208@+V`T.//A%#K
M%_M[O>.]DR9V-H%6_XVC.2+SU$KJ>'8F",'UQ-A85#`>[^Y\^D-=W
MD. PWAZ(UTX4O'1I3RC'L0W(G9[*&\$Q-")\I%G%G5WH=Z\KD Q1[6ASV^DZ
M'>IZ7>=F9UNWAV9`]8JE);U H_\
M1Z($N.)+?JL.T19P%9Z^C(=1G9G=EP&QHO&\I-%:!2T,&JX.03'0;:N:#RNT
MX/+/%;:"I2!; /*LMX6E'&([(C6P=<9RTLI[5UU#B@P
M+/4^`#=]Q'#KU)=\,JT@!=61JB!N$DO)(=T-31D1>57-BOIN086]&HX::YE,
M_L+D0"AP"K611(B9=XUNM=]J;H\"#(9L506U:F#>AFZEU@]_^^L&2[G_5LNSME5L5=S"[%^H;Z1YE/=,P/)$9`9?K(*A=G38MJ+>XD5U]HQ)`.2&_W9GIH4!
MD ]X]/^(VLEYFQBIOK<>8%W]?.FOT`O
M?5('[0U\CQ#'KO!^N^TQV%RK>';:.SEI^Q3-YYJ?BT-*VM8QI2?\T>%JBGH6
M8/S"A/OGG7M VZ`+_C3%J2VP>)"\)+VQX?Q)N]D98'W&':7H%@6DQ7
MI^!Q2X(?HA8?_V>+B7*KSIU@NTY X"`%;$XSU@P*(R])]1A_TLYNHEAG`]9,[28H:!4+I0,Z;8W&
MS@-X^L@FDFF"Q;?BGB8+\(0[B#UQW7KZZ=XA[V\_( )@Q__20.KI^>)?='C`?'#1;%IM\F)_B^O"A
M]ISS11>BPNFEM)2.)9I@, HM>ZK>,"[
M/4(D+E[_W(P6Q7N[G?:;RE:N0??!$W]\JO=9'M&9&PI$+)MX)6REYM/8]OG]
M?2E:3,QK[4\L8-X?:\6K&M;1216<0\PT^>?H.3W]T9E[P]NUE>`9
M66+-@T\7*4_?'OJX'`:1/8K=M/;38.Z!W_J`UX#(TP; GNQ
MQ>=!8S,3]$0"?.H$Q7Z?*%?+ 2 :*MX3WJ7*S%ROQ.7)RL;4=:=5?3I8C65)X85IKI`O
MLOM?F:EMV-1W;!9@EC).;-7%Q$5-,4*G%_F[D*)%NXW]T-_32QD\7_:T?XQI
M1!R_CKLF41VC=RU34GQ+L)/K*8JS>$%X^]&*I-?_M?5T;2("V;N 7D*N1BDPY6X++Q5-%
MHNA!*NXG*X5V#W]6S& _+RB;[;2_FEO4
ME4G#@24=[((O@1RO)XZ@ PXU*'``?
M^6C>&%/>R^-1N='MF&IBF(VKPA76*D!'6JAW-G%Q83BLB7UN*?X`5^9
MB*XIHBR%%_2[9M2-=)Z741O#_Z/N7'?K.(ZU?2OS@P9D@&*X#CPE@0!%!T,;
MMBQ( \%H4!9DMP$H@AU$#L.59,L.*N*C6H%Q`7
MK9?##,\^3\$8N8I; /%HZQQT.CT]KIK/.M/>3:200WWMG#,[([#W9XVC*YQ=Q:X:NM
M[[FX
MRO#/S7R/1.#-XH)JC:`9;J4*\?%J\?6:NR.^S:6/8,%95%L)P[-@/-()YWN5
M"9[J8R'H[YA7[=.EN-M\ 9`S#6I3-"C'4/746;'$1AEGT?C)-1+JS,RT$9^XDNUU3G?0@\N
M[%-T=(,@Y!4V:I%?"2OURQ'FWV;XQ#4N>0Z-4/_'8-G8R+JHQO2MR?0[9;%1
MZ1EHI-#NF`*.53>59-',#D/]9RGM.L3`4/UDL=+VM$WZA* `HHN8
M/?T5:)L3QDR!H!>*-/&8W)IR---(:^7W:H\ %FL+:I7G,A1
MN>KK6/"P#+;IJH1&Y0@IX?CIH+5VA='\\Q]N'K7IKS>/$AO"JQ.@&X?SBE?#
M*[QP($3=0?7"FU.L'GIZAR5D%W@3]"';$DZ*NKF,`L,;1XL%OPEJP8P0.D2+
M[C6FJRIOQFE2$\T=`54CD>.Z6:;B+=F*B^._&[M6WU%S8C:;N9M%:&2[]05&
M=%9Y9[7:$[1.D46#3#,@^VR@%"/`;^M19YLUZ-TR^
MBWO=4I"!S$7.!DQ-VE[:AT9QN!=%J%,#4*(G6E1Q_ZC=KOV;K#@K&&@^L\A6
M*`Z^"/V;.2WT9"X,Z_R^MVO?)I5X-=H8`BXX/N1:".RH>>[O$PH;%D'!Q2@9
M%$2/=?2@*VRVII@^\K%&:P=ATWH"I9(I_)L?894PJ%>]_8N<11IDR45=#@@5
M]^.Z-PQ]@C,'J,5W(?U/C*!(%L/4CZF V"!GOZ:>ECD!%P
M?BFX^C7%$LD*$EY=.FB[ZD B,(B;F'Y24*9(X1M0(4Z.9.1$Y(=#-RK6V'%
M)VO'/*,E]=OUZ?^IV9]O3_ \Y?,4V:6G^:VP].,M,PZ
MF:,PP/8668/`!F[K_N:PY&VB W9/G#!@Z%CNMP,J%U@4[X74QC'
M43L3G"E.'7&$F2>1OU:=_BQKV3"V+'C_[WM$NOHRT^XDU(XQ6`X;G1P/*JJ?
MDQI(I47.^J0UB'5\,!6/U(P1^+ZJ^H:0_08F`6TT8EO[S1;5 $>MK`FI51
M>,2D2F[/TU]G&\JG_HD$LCTFM><=UA:*BDN)T8R S;?WZCP9HT$,GRBXROF]?@P"(4Z)D!S-:IAL
MOE;^L[U-G('B>A71DB6D5_%+X,N85S#V]!+SWL6/ 'IR*Z0508>@0,"5P:BU:N+9L:O0,U+#[7/NP2X)]-_@@I>4S[!85"=J6K[9
M6G6!?.4+-?7:OZPASS!33'9WFM=N!STT.VBU?X/7VT[[?DJ-O;+;D5_:@?K*
MI7-W0L.5GOK:[?XMD/EW+B^2*\.U8R98DX&*%QWE;)2;AMFD,E@WCX9L>(Y,
M;FZ%`^WTTPV\,0KGZ3K&WZ+M'4U_!$1I_..Q5@-0H]0#[_+\ NH,-*CX\O9FD7K/?X4-=5UH$QP08>G[E_]@W+;O/YO5:]7+7V
M=T!,-I62!0H5+^H[YI"RH+HVL/+NJHU<6WA1&XPYJ>`2PGEMSE@TV_GEJF14XJSV(-1^8^,$)=E*T6*$%$8RQN?6[LX>
MX!$F87X"1E#2H:54_T^*&_=X-_I?;O_:X%KK^>P^J2Z[6CIX>YJ[)[N/]&YX
MC"$7TK@EU\;$(CY_,*V\"BMFG6K'=(\1DR->K,DBS$^"3%$:*CXN>?ZC:T$D
MP"]R@D=<9>U,$F<5BH?8HC-/9*6D?3RJ@@#HR26,>K2&/PM+ACM5LJ9XQM=20$R5K)7E^3)=W)/%(^WD?SGV.K5YKKKFR9V;Y)H19PKZLSRDO>K(23-=[20X`RNXUREF%)J
M10AUC#@8[NJ93RMR1P?T5$K6ZJ.AW7`#K`;P5[=!J8)Y#*;[VO7K%;\+K[FN
MT 1*@H>WM+K+E7[E#137]P_4CTX.*+7J\
MT5I+@T^XPPO8MH,X-O38JVS'/M"P"OT6!]3]+ZZ50Y*#)N.+99'G/@ /?$0$"_;K `5R<5*EZD\F.7_OV
M\P7`*M(N$-5/VML&Y?Q1*3IQVQN2-626H/,JGOU&UZ"4`Z6YF@[Y7[PS/K^'
MSD)N!>)K;@-T*SJS0.4(P>;D$+84`YN MIV9CZ=WX#(N"4=>7OUKI=YPW6S.JS !MY@=I\F,G:D\B^P>OMF
M0M_[ZN7>!L/_1!;3>N+F^BQ8X]4YM^PHWE.RB^:<4C94EPNN(+KC(\X=&^OY
M*EJ@`X[.."R&!$1"3*`!EHPISL_9V?'GJM;%H+K\I"(.+(/]Y^@0;C#&`JZ,
MLL+?]4;@#@TC =JN]BAF(^,\A5R:KI
M3O- M^LJT"";;!2L*`?J-
MH*+P+WZ31L-]$=Q2NQC $5E$3L>RW5`YB(JP
MUJ2`> 9;TMJ3@H>VDOX]K1L3.A]_2
MU4FWXCPU*12)&DN2L06P?@"54BHG-()DF;36MM-P`!&0"W/'\2"J<6AY*-TIM@ 14-C6JE,S:BGJO=T,S $
M2RCU>6V@$.\3:11O8?@C.D:XEC>L!_#4W9U9%B#Z4Z-[""`^`B(%9F)*QN[.
M[O[N=W^R["J["/?\[+UI_A:3TR7*R^RA&?`@F4U2Z3.8ZU*"XEP7@*O&+'2!
M 6#M`92[70EC`IMWUX[3L.61=D3QGLM=7Q-],>H
M1M=3MI'$%6J^GIV>JRY\&@`] ,$'6/UQ89OZB^4!JL4?]VC.B%:9QEIEA-&A>B#.V9I2N!B$?V,KTPPW:
MF'D;1'SGN_N5#*%H&!#PF/7^IM?<77>GPKH&WD+`*';@P<7MS4?8[A]NB5DT
M4[+"+,VKVVME
MN-_$O9/S\1-`ZUR`PM4 LM"5$.MA@A#)Y-KQ.&`\3EY_CV
M-0>I(UP.0GM$_C4UM\G=&B%GGE%0>?]T>?9!QZJM^TFXNL:+)CAE!`Q'2.KX
MO3%-QQ4;VR@J$DI"P4 S^7XUBV1F7;L`U76]YB\+G#03D\3?-T=LLEE)2"(IFN]UIN(UH-*4P_BH9;)2%.RGEK:--^E3\V>4I+8ER?I&C
MJZ+9PB&I*W.M'X49U(PGP6?EE["_2IO#-FU3JIZ/;7B59CAS#H_;40"]%?4P
MG!#>8;'`T8K6#'/@GN[,30,NOM$]NCJ@:D2`;/05XRC:Z7&3[).RC!@8B)'&
M4S%?V+#])SOS@8],N:7*#2_J6,*])@&0MJ7=F!%5W*A5:&^8`--6.LYS8J"3
MD9YE8^/X*K0F1MQY`(HX#RWM8H(O,YN1-.U.7A0CP8Y'YP[,BTG"82K#!33X
MXMPJ`\JE-N^N>/12;9'!/`-ZQCAC"W!,TFF?P,(=Z6NL[+4Y7.3%AMJOP2U*
MDF@,-+YW=#1`V+@:0VQBA+]`6?1-I]?[IU8P GV9=AV[JB)0.T7H6
M.G%!11Y18!%=M%.U=&C`Y:FZ _K[,-7)$L;F"-:I"L'/%!6LI_P?^6#X,.)(DVVER3QJ3)Y^X?IYQ`.27E7NC*[5;DGT]WOXK9,
M&701%AH49E-()GLX*[Y:B224Z)T>Z78("&8Z.1S#D[4#V,*DE'#8SS[/)4LD
M9H]L&TP[DS#94++M#70ON;"A8-L^H$#O?)8F=.^BC8+-9`>'EL":RFZ\O'Z*H
MXIG2`6@,XZ53S5BTPH4RYFY40EM*W#R=?^%L-3?0AVL%J&CKO;BJ.HYM=2FS
M^.7RH9QH,LNY&)CU+<3$@#A$6]TZ1-P O0W_S*`J@.,`L,YKU,
M*7`V/0R.>Q#?TX/";P\+K1C`@!'H[;5(@HISHWLIS:P4HCJRM^8 ^"7D&-5FU:G=.L?:(RP-H^R:M7?/F;AM\"V.D%9.;P?EVNYU
MRFH^;K5(BCL<7KKF^W_P:(L;D?WWS9-LB4>B(L,$NMLV1(.10+Y/8[3BD8H_+BE"SD
M%:$H#([B>KAWV%BF\@C^T9JH1"W2_/CT]"1(-O8QI;8E:?RZ$K8>>6I`NZ]+X\]4&%[BD@Q&@S'-SR=#4)E^8;G">U'*XBEUU' YZ6232,'`J\Z`Z;UHG2;7=I61Q(AJA
M$:I>>+ATM%>F5=&GM_R//WE
MRLQM\!'MZW)MXL/PZPSEM/TB+"K+>'NEJ6FU`DT2,E'^X%RQU%=1UPEAS4^+
MDU/16I]'K2.TEL_#M9OBA;!U*_?2=MS4E766GE0*J+/ DH."
M;:QVL5!%4W*O8%RH,)T$@0$P8*6PP#8 BOE\-%51P]_^7TG=
M!N`N)2CVYLE/RU!#Z>V+#EY#LBL*^\C_4?WV71X*/0<7>7"M8W3!XJ8J`LN=
MXU>9[O^I%%L]X]I#/)+!%,5C8,0G(,#>4_06.-2-#):?0_YOU"L2'(`])_,3
MS*"*6KL-[,'QMK9[PW56!^*#NT8WS_78K,]?)H9RL6[
M(90HV6PSG5`FY/#H8,P\YYR,F8>?+NTN3%T/^W]DLG-BMBC]8R:['^H=!';5
M9#=-PC'3LK-N+/6:A5[VK71`5T17P)W7FC3\V61BZIV&%:8FP&N3W-,!6,!=
MK(XI&QA;O+A?4B__D!:3_PSB>&DWS4?MZPIT=![/D!C?ELR-G@IO=
M-I,*GHV3+1,5)SK8' ALWK".JP2K.L!]BJ2GR$,:*`$2WKTI?=O7]#:*X.E;&AT;&S$'ND=D\&?5L
MG7">Q5.KU?)%T*`Z/DDJYE/;R^'/E78_CA,FW)8VG 0&2=N2PYMS;.MT==73H(K$Q9`)MF(G) J!2*5Q0T)7"A,64>_S8)$.EM6,6+V^=QN[KM]$==MD
MY+*:N/.M'5@">@6M$B>"2U?ED(@>A@WG[#,O%\-S7E3M1352ANA`M7BHY=^ `N)NM"26\O"09CD)H(.&(A8.Y=<
MD44'URU9^W4]RPDE(3FD4GY3H&
M3(BZ@# /2#&Y%O0L`[?DI'&@9;&K>JYPHKFE`65QM@128#MA $&G)W\G,[-"0];[$O`H8H"`GDQU'W2Z1*G%(^/4:#'#052G)5INE=H7L#)LU&;5,,CNOM>P$Q=6D/R2X(9FT2>M T>[W"5N$,G4JT2(KC\\ GX)@/NA`_Y^@*IH? Y#.H
M1G5%R 74W,/A:MB9E2
MQ$3-N\Z.0! ]^V76MI>ZY0KZRJJFZ:%,J]MQV]
M+QX-E^]NR.N2S+DX_1)]L3>+ZP^G XA*#KKJZ>>SR]NEPIV.FH"1E&"O:"R9
M/.;L ]TVH,O[_%HW.JOQ!>E(5*4A/JH(!Z4EUNUQZLE>N
M:7I2W1>0GAP,?E.5KH_?E%^\B)56@T96/G\JK>'IP,4(;Z%F:^0H^DWTYO83
ME4-(2URBI[`%.L4# [3/J!U+_]\^6M72,*
MA_ ?@8]EL0WDSFW"O+!2Z:>?0S13'P.IO1[8ZCJ,HY
M\JEBG:YWI_Z-\//>$7 :IV1I;?K!YG^U1K4HFFL":VWX>\GYMV"/OL$MC M:@>S^B>&.JDDXN,!YZR;AIGWKSW;0BD;4`[D]GR0_PNK`U_X\NPXSY?V%KZ$
M_4^A&]__[>F3>\>^Q.-$X(89C@P/8[=HOZ[#*3F:5PA,@TG,`'G/#HZJXVMR
ML(-'^H,%8E^T8KA@4B"?X)4 MF$)P$.(`T]&!3A' /UY06K\^+\W/K[B=]4
MDH&C/W1M7NN+#PAH^3E,34BCXP0X4:6CRRL^,*A?2`>168RBX86PU-BG2W(H
MK%9I;)YOJ8A@&+3/9(^?-THV]Y/MZN-7.(8_4=4")Y6GN@NUAG@]]D#@X@+O
ML?4HY#(=73!`6[-C"U[;4[M',USTL3BA1(S251:J!>; [1OJ+6T_O:P$^GB[.*6&`QSRN@]:)D"YH0.R(I'4+?)=@?%8\S5]#1V&:
M@7+W`E4S6U.+*
MV%%T"2%P=ZC =4N?`N=6.`HNCS7G76E[!!WE Q)HE4Q
M_,$/AD7)V!;R73/RF]>1S4:^[U5!BY/1_AXRZ_>4.A3@.DZIKC:]U3F,1`
M^>IOZ^Z3Z;]%QCYK**.ZBYU6WR_LC^6D(+EW5MDM_OA@>T(J_.2@TL?B\:1J
M+O5XNV=;\^"(P#!PB?W#M?I7\P`]C>)>!Y167M^NW3:YO; =T$XP#LMLA97;`W/F__2^:$`)SS
M6IUOW^G^U!R`K]F=5#9U]RW]AL]G/F5EZCOGGI_]RA$8)E>ZT]!L7/NIJJDE]75#W7>7?S7#"'QR,&$"8XI1\^NG!RL7..VFFX(SW
MII6%F+\S_'-S>-AS-O6_3PD>ROEO\/Z$V,IT?P0YO3_*PB!;:SA`_VA8A",R
M`;CW 5?CO&(O^*DHEE+M7\ % 2FZJ;P[71W
M*LO;K`72,,[/_N&(' AKATO8MH6RWBIC39\Q4J#.7^1X[0/2C&KY&)P>
ML"@?E!>&E:)O;F)IAZ\Q.2ZH@/P$;)$L+FGYEL;^^4Q%2H5/`KQS?O;W4\QX
M0LU60U"Y(,($68DU&VJ@=UN1H*8"!O$Z.HB$>.0(6BP(.;`VG1INBI1_NKI4
M2G`@4-')NN:UU-&0:>VV8TMC69+_B^UT0]89Z5ZJX6V@IS,EG5DFFOX4ESBR
MHK$#'A+8[A-,Q/\6YS@)3/]N*]-]^0C'ENH1;K.`+^@
MTPOLEI:QV'C]UH\6VE/4Z)L"QN=>VE1&XJ,MPHO H3YR&YP)L@99)1JW0%BWX)Q'CVM9Q!X
MK:5H%^^G&!Q!(`@9%\\P?M976Y!>.)2;+Z=L)@U/Z/S+ (RRSH&V*7"*W3"QQV=)NDJ?K2
MH/0'N5W@C@2M,PRI6-FV.SJHQ-&PVZ)FZ-34>RIH72-@8R_XH_$4S[^KO$!O
M&4H?'X4)/\CXZ?M8X>\3KE63@WZ^M&X;^F#R>;B@]*P\>KGF["PY)%/7X1^"
M,&32ZTP*_ALFW=.-+SSE,A?G$?*97)(+(L 'AMJU]D0`CN(]4?5\R"UTH
MW_,^8N'Z%A;^O/"4RDU'TO;6]$^Y?6'X)U3_GJ']-:&3DR@=.SHS@>9^Y>I:
M"XN7,3V\JL>*EQOSI-4C6&GD=N>\PN3MOMCW6__'KZF"C->4G2S&[XK&0 M,--1CJ@PR2U1`N7DP96M^+*S7?(LG'=VK@ZVBJJR0IZY?$&(N$195L+C>9!J
MV1AB5XRW':/DZHA54$4.JN7T\%57ZASA2NE][8V.NIPB833;KFN^)TO0Q'`]
MEOPCUROJ=_I6N/Q;PP4"_1,HWVQ_)[W/+DXI>WQ)<+R$I0!PK&Q.,PZ
MVN^E6OM"^1,^55)M6(\5>ZS\)O^=RR8,PE7.+'^G_!DH>!V->-))+G=K:F,)
MHY[DC)ER:HV=D[S*$Y"??>__Q;7D2@LK9QO@6R/U!HZ]5"2=$%.*([%3.7N(
MC%G8,&@M:(06L5,!M&"XH*[<7F1M2.,(VX"-K)(]^@N&DY70QCM#P,YFB"X\N42RSW>PHE]1WTJA>(8N4P6"92204:N_DI*5BN`3
MO%*TU]"*%S="PH425+($3TZ]'%4D2)2VF(VX(TAYA,0R6W7C1Y#Q>`EDU&RC
M@0H>A(=!"O\GS`R12TJFR@L13G>E30LLZ:SI6'*'OF-E &QF^*O
M1W#;.UM3\C3YI2B]5_+KBPNK:*;MU+'FV'T$4-E_R&-AJENQEY5+$?OJ!@VF
M>PY/:KH+0$:.^=!#.87T!U`G5,K',2(K\#V@$TQ0PS)\`FYK/H?C\\69U\Y?
MF-./\@ML)/,HRF!.K`KG@O70P/`_2%:,'5@89SL^#<5J5B&* =5\J-."LK5-9#>K^(4GF$2UJPSK)?0S>"^$@G=I8Z5K=AZZ;K%ENDCJ!\:Q#L881@*BMBA
M' (M';
MZF2!*KSWSG<8DT="=/)8XM=DG9R:R_$X8)U2N4YG5?74MLQ:DA V)4ISBRY7>7UEW8>I5Q(0:/G
M,THGR65/Q3K+'1S!>BS,P>AER7J(*Y/]B7'@:0\C[+`!IR3^97A4HOP#X3R-
M7YEU%E?A)`XI1?_!Z_XMB[T_=K$-K[@U00>5RL/^"/[XQ-#&E5>(`_@?H9$M
MN(X,;C_T+SG^58HSKM%6:+#UY7=80OX_BI24"6Z(CHR.#7:
M])[D,>^72@<= ]`(Y2UEI<
M41^(%G]\Y]832:-.JQ$:6U);A'W<7F#3]@+A'0\N3 -JP45MN94-43#3T;F
M`!6VP,?,*98K'M%@ZO'61\=A9Y$R849%8+41S[!.:MI%EH.,`D/$AG%S(':(
MVC-(B,2;"D&KZ1SR#PUPLUXIZD)NVHR2O*;_)][#Z#_ZSAT#(?<9@C54HP5Y
M?//1+'ZXY_SV]L\;-!(]YADIVK):F5JN-->6/.I1?H1851T-GZ"DIE(W#<6"[XO)<1HHQ
M^?HY0.YCJ1G _1G_7OSJ/-]^7`F$TZI?!9^?M,ZNAH%
MG6_-H]/$EO_8_((I"QL^"\%>"S2_A2=?85W!Y&;+\OQYBN6:)]XWSO#(OZ'5
M;YR/I3QJDHJCM43?]BE_74'M-5]^X[B>MY>0=\CY(MWH2JG.N"P5)VRXJ,9:
M.O' Q82:$1PRZOMOY),?XI7D]S;K%^!%.)L@IC;ZCR2V/#S'ACEI
M'B\QV5=QW9HOOW&F$9$&\^CJ6),T]S;IUR`,%M<4&_!#PK+$C`1/+I A__D/\N(I0Q`>]K7[CX/.V.TX8:='`SMAM[*R!
M@8_YN!P?]Q0/'%!=\H5-_>0[_/&K[MDV:J'[/RU'!C`\HI2>>2VP97[G^^B8X.-&=^*[ZMQC2E_VEV@+$D>L10K*HY:LOY/[V%,
M;W0)7$#_Y0?A-OP=\K['$&Y],]58#WI3_+L4B_F1KQ-`-JL&0,'3KT0DO$K`
MJ$&&=]>V5HVUR`/I#C)ABM\"30CGA/2M'S/A*KH$#=B%GP)VX34SX%!$YKF]+4]=,&DY&7\T
MR,.H"=RAW6HF=_5N/#TEU>1\":5_>?.TV:I,V_"\["](/KPD4JHQ:.T*+GFJ
M+O0;6K"254CH8:!CL1G3(K'W*B^[5FYN;RC'$(]I=0
MW@-)!\)&8%7AHTZD<1@DD?B6;^:RO0VGOL8+$2=>]M+YS#P6V\V36]:"V@_E
MNW+-:7 TUOE\.RC!)J2WT75^ES*46ZX3#TMKN?*QRF?1D+I
MZ>7MNQMNRHHNQMPC](VC2V9@5U+V6(F1GX8$36II6]Y,3Q&2MP5S`[.C+D.0
MO;_Z>=-BX^5VZ$MLV'!)UCA>UB]/W"\2E2'P];^=>$NY*J\0`AR7Y9\W'/ \D^"_?)- .AFM4)]R])>GJS5&^,78:OZ^3H%V?(1%G 8VVGKT`OU\=FXJR@\XL]+[TEG>GADZ+/ZM
M[-FY(#HJRJ>KQ^7?]FM"ZTC8K):V(SZ/E87*,>L>R:`,9]WG;-`
MW>0\?CL'#\6ZB)X(FY2J1T2D&S#QB'I:H')H/>."#(-UF:K/T?2E>';`%R^P
M@,`V2O#TKT0^8"EP:S\(ME#GN\`@V_A;!-L_07+05"BS\M\$$LJQWKM_;IV(
M*U;"UBHMQ(`"8P:B*I@U[&`!4,V*+*?RYO+]#;44W`1(OSQ%D::P7ALR*3][
M3A["F=59$-M0P4 CKS"]^
MHOJX,5BLV*`'3,MO<=BX?H1GP\'?CQ/*;NW.`]V0E]3KOI_&"+WCO9:!7?7L';_/:G;3X>@WF);J"RM$F7Y2];O!^P%]TW+OO3C'!T,L&:CUSVIK%6/FMR_&][+0:\NI-T)!U
M$WX=]XWE]%]>]+T\^ 3%1MG,K!S)N#8I*HW/U^@3`E^
M:8F`F5PFTZ<>51E*(43C$7Y&L/Q/1YY7GE+):928>8%.$TI/GC[)`LEV6X
ML5"2)5\I9:# 0B)/F\"C
MM:X62Z=^]+RO:]T7,#_H;85/;VY@H-ARZJ\<7$G`H"")1T:V,)'5E`]B[1IT
MX7J_P)=+\67>2#E,OXV@J62P3SL4Y]\V9R'PU^&XH=5MP?KPBO5]6G7HJ9+:
MX>]57F?X>U4'+_S]:&`FDRH1-7PPJ>[6B`]6*[C_&VYL:*KO`UV--[&=0W,C
M6YN5X^]O;3[NM6K]^ENKB-__6K46_:]52]/_6K52_:_5"S?PWLAUJ*N[CKH"
MM>NQ[P_DKU=]0C"T7+QL@V+:14B!?$;A5D:3@>._(M=(&_PM&7/E1Q-+T^__
M:[/O.065-!X>7^CIK^FBQN8USO>R^:'O#3K[[W_,)_A9N8"C'
MW-,8#D\W*2T3LBW!$--D,?#/+N6@'-=!ND8"2H=K),R6+4<2KY(9>95$^7FV
MTHPL'35^;(RA1*#0@(X8G@YHB>'I@)X8G@YHBN'I@)D5G@Y86N'I@+$5G@[8
M6Z.XL2M\AD_;%NRSSO(8:J-YK!N?P_T/`N9DP*(`W6@>?R&]<3NR'3^TMPGA
MK;(+C/_>DN@]6.)_?A0(]/?Z;:6`*C"#O433 ";W]*F^>K+=>@=4POO2:BG\KO5ZZ?ACX6C
MKEO&)^&NSEB@400+=&]1K>7PXD>6+&&+\N/E, 01/4C7!GI7,L':3XM^_'FZF&$E%VH+4O*4I?J,2WRX_?UKLN'B6%:4*@4(K4UPI
MU $=;>%-RT1`%0[%Q92 -YV-SEO.I!8LYJI-R.*49//'S W2-9\=U7P8HGUE)(-I1)%V#-^;-&'PO]"":[)[,?3`%^
M"%30DFQK]9/OOE&VJ114.X:`=%SSXNV>RAP2"C).$&NEG-=@`'Y1P_3*@(20
M5_._8X6J4APF3CSQ0A]PM*92/3`MB5&^E8HW?RWD]U)6).A%0G#?OP^<8!K[
M$T66"\%W"!8-?%-V1"]!?P[*.K(0\O-Q9!"2GG.G)YFI0$NH
MQLLR\1;N"V0P[Y'5*1(,B>P#8K)'7+"W]PB17^]13X)8,#IX]/?R)HR512*3
M91U7=O1@8`!4C@V<3XZ&4PQ2AP^/0E]99&8R!UUC>/E?;N*AT>QR?F`[NL:V
MAD>VPZ&-E442:[LW/42RL\C`'"S\RW.JX9&Y:/CEE45Z -9KS>TC#(WN'WF`WKT6LO2B>^G$8'^II$#@1M$H?@3^9Q*%W6-+6G&WY
MMB-V9$._$[%AK40U+6'[>LX$5HVP#=\.%.],YUMS!8W:W%9P+E-H'YX#A_H(V5_TB__`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`X5&1\9P%``"[%@``&```
M`'AL+W=O 573_X]O-K?0B>
MR[:KFN,Z)*LX#,ICT6RKX^,Z_.?O^T]I&'1]?MSFA^98KL.WL@L_W_WZR^U+
MT_[H]F79!Q#AV*W#?=^?;J*H*_9EG7>KYE0>X N\AZ_M8]2=VC+?#C?5
MAXC&L8SJO#J&)L)->TV,9K>KBO)K4SS5Y;$W0=KRD/>@O]M7I^X BJ4\0XJ$Z5/W;$#0,ZN+FV^.Q:?.'`\S[E?"\.,<>ODS"UU71-EVS
MZU<0+C)"IW-6D8H@TMWMMH(9Z+0';;E;AU_(3<9H&-W=#@GZMRI?.N?_H-LW
M+[^UU?:/ZEA"MJ%.N@(/3?-#H]^V^B>X.9K3]4X,\VV):[_.G0_]6\_%Y6
MC_L>RBU@1GIB-]NWKV570$8AS(H*':EH#B``/H.ZTDL#,I*_#G]?JFV_7X=,
MKD02,P)X\%!V_7VE0X9!\=3U3?V?@8@-98)0&X2!>GN=KF@JB)`_CQ(91@V2&XC\_HQ@*IK]HN'A%A#;01F>[ZB\C9XA `-#E.L'
MUO`ZA%#CP`H-;)!DR!A124S'"0_*,A>@E*5,7")XPO@281KVA;'X$M9DQ"#2
M")-,2(F(S"-201D=L^I)@X5\? A)DTND
M:1A)HTB:0:PT3N(4E],%6*K43,H27Y?N*@QZT\=[4-^$]#&DSR!&7T(HCQ&0
M&8`/91^SZN5,6]?5?4'#2!-'F@QB-''&!% ]4D;:"1MTDUUQ'5HM%%P_001F8UB"243.C8?
M7]RR3F^ZM-O5&"K8AACF/+28Y,T#2"R5F%EL1#?BJU?;0*/$C3O,U-0R1AN)
M$XIKZ@.$\SEIB[R`3,V`C?6PT@R#=]]P,;,!C&Z10,DO^\BOYB(G(%,K NZR!C(U!DX;K^6L5N5Q`J&)?-SRGCJZR!\&VF]S'+=@R]C<2:FDTS#,TO.15%%.
MQO3Z\A8Y!)TZ!,==V#)6'JPJA4TD0PCLVW1.WB*3H)I&V1O+8FIK&2./PB,D
M0Q/(/(+Q9"R]G[E%)D&G)N$8HY5F&)NY6'*\JS,;Q1")@M?`.7&ZL5]MKM38
M@&O\3F`KSC!G<8Q+JM"^R6P G-NSR"VT-OES;5/7$.,`5IMAS/! P.C4]L0:/EO+&-JG#"2,NX\F%N-KF_`&0Y1PED'7HWU:^'U
M>WB@_=XGL'-8Q@C\E*2,)AS;2^9#DJ FX2GR)B]R#3=T#UW!C&2M1$,Y@
MFU[V@,FASU"J$A6/4_4%(O^XKMAPK#AI-TC$QC+F?$>\^P#H(3,/@.;XT9S.
MG?+'\GO>/E;'+CB4.]@V\2J!KM::PT?SI6].PVG<0]/#H>'P[QX.B4LXVHI7
M`.^:IC]_T<>;EV/GN_\!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!&A1-6(`(``(8$
M```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T UHXQ8`5C9#LA\_8]MA,T:BHU60`F__G^ (]4Y7HFP+__+%_6F%D+.TKVJF>%_B-&_Q 3FKL,BA8-5
M@^_L05E8`/_8PN^=0]OC",2U4O9V&UL
MG%A=;ZLX$'U?:?\#XCT!&VR@:GK5I+J[5]HKK5;[\4P)25!#B(#>MO]^QQX'
M_)&DX?:A;9SC\?%XYHP]]U_>Z[WWHVR[JCDL?#(/?:\\%,VZ.FP7_C]_?YVE
MOM?U^6&=[YM#N?`_RL[_\O#K+_=O3?O2[ ;IJWS'CZVVZ`[MF6^EI/J?4##D`=U7AU\M'#7WF*CV6RJHGQJBM>Z
M//1HI"WW>0_\NUUU[$[6ZN(6 OKP>9T53'\'$]OU.XKPXV98?'/-U5;1-UVSZ.9@+D*B[YRS(`K#TQ(;.QN_?%4=@5X%,S,*1.6BF8/
M!."W5U :B1`0G)_3WF?/]RWS9L'00-+=L= .\6'AE`]FD1M"$NFQ
M&8EB3E@Z+BTQ*P-#$Q(E/!QW8-"+I]`38(N>=2!+A'!)CV01#Z/,W,!*1S"6
M1EET@1J$^>V>$V"36AR9"R\1@M183$F2,A.QTA$DC,(T22YPXU.X";#)+>,V
M.<1(/&$D&OAI".NAE,VA9H`F]2<=!/6Z\^0LDR)G%H6E`B'))(1LM#@:`!I'-!D1QL$2H;3:R=Y($O59%[2,
MQR:'I32]\)%D1E,Z4L!4,`"$QI2/FF*2%+*LD?S$@RCB.CD:VP%($*0EICYB
MKCY)ZHFK]1FW!&FI0.@:3L(DLPFN#$A,8Q:'HX--?I.TGIP1^S'IL18I#-*;
MT9"1A(U!K@Y/U_L9R3CG9#Q@D^`DQ1>7JB
MRQ+]&U/@G/J/)Z0 $1U`2`P;&;+(].&D^D#*`'6+@%NI%$@+,C6"Q$&8&1W]:OK,4OW;\I*ZZN^6)@5"#EE"4S)J`\J;
MB4ACKMWL3):3J@-UJX->FE$U%$CW&4YS$Y-.TGZ)-N/*34P%TE?7I3YBA,=C
M/3-],4GHQ7O7$GHG#15&)Z/K^HS!L_F\8-*?4G4YR_30F9A&T=9)G4;$>S=-
M1R$SW6-I^(T![6KYF8#6E%L%,(ZH$(^T-[C):9*R4U?9X?(R'(`*7P3I[M%&
MS-4GZ39U=?M,^")(Z2*!G\3);1W"*8.;P86;B^A_W'[QE&@S>)R`5ABD=_&=
M+Y8]W9QGUQ_ZD:7=URN+1%L4QZ*`YZ ^\;D.L/_LB2[]MR4LXRW>C*A`*I2#SS2#,`< &`?J81AC>21-D&
MEPY=)U -+Z-[*5F YC/30]M4_GO#MKD)33^PCF`-TW3GSZ(MN+0>'_X'P``__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`"````"$`-+CXP9H#```M"P``&0```'AL+W=O 4\,ZFX:+8N\0+784TA2MX K5Q':=J4M!(-V[JO3+E?=K__MKD(^:1.C&D'&!JU=4]:MVO?5\6)U51Y
MHF4-C!R$K*F&5WGT52L9+;N@NO+#($C\FO+&18:U_`R'.!QXP1Y$ @\Y]1/?6#:;4H.&1C;' >K',2N?YNTQGT
MG;.+NOKOJ).X_"%Y^1=O&+@-=3(5V`OQ9*!?2_,)@OU9]&-7@;^E4[(#/5?Z
M'W'YD_'C24.Y8\C()+8N7Q^8*L!1H/'"V#`5H@(!\.O4W"P-!
MY\`2>N$J)G%R6XN/>74V/5!-=QLI+@ZL/5"N6FI6,ED#L_$G`I 3&=V90I@3+]W`H3M'4AN]'Q-+9RSQ"3=#6+XG05QXNIQOP:08(T)?$R&2$3
MD;`CKNTQ(I[K6A7B;(%AF-_%A"Q*2=2.)%UG`^'0[B,7JB+IFK6]Q49X)L
M=99!&6+0PI0L8%-;)N>(Z,H\D;2<2[IMF`FR);VEC(8A9C`LL`W#X;D>"V12;(UO.V0%`/8M"B.[(,(V)OA1PA M"U+.SFPS8D;RL0NP#>6O`XKID\LIQ5E7(*<38W
M$@*&CU_'V])]:`X+?QR`RTI+C^P;E4?>**=B!P@-/%-[B=<=?-&B[0[[O=!P
M3>G^GN!:RN"$##P`'X30PXN98+SH[OX'``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0"$
M4YBNE@(``$,&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T ><>V%Y_:1:]"B,E;HK,$U2C$3'=2F[NL"_?MY=Y1A9Q[J2M;H3!7X6%E^O
M/GY8[K1YL(T0#@%#9PO B@S^5-HHY>#4UL;T1K`R+5$NR
M-)T2Q62'(\/"7,*AJTIR M*#:RE>XYD&*D^.*^[K1AFQ9\/]$QXP?N\/*&7DENM-652X".1*%O/ D:VT;O/1I9?925^+\OE66`Z!`DV233P3
MURT(@"M2TD\&!,*>PGTG2]<4>#1-)K-T1`&.-L*Z.^DI,>);Z[3Z$T%T3Q5)
MLCT)W/ H=@:*"F[9D?0;H`9N]L!/E$'8/7
M?UD%CYYD[5D*#-,.RRVTYW&5S^9+\@B9\CWF)F+@.F#H@""@9I`$,HXEG0_Y
M4-F#?64?NI=R$S\ 6XF>.L*V%J\4FTK45LL-&_X`7NX9[7XQDPM.XM:4&PO=V]R:W-H965T 9+/9'\\,5B4CU``SSOSW>]I3M2V@PCPX4K]S
M^/KUG`_:^;?/_.!\L++*>+%PR JDV"0'7K"%
M^\4J]]ORUU_F)UZ^57O&:@ 9Y5;IG>5*-^)$5\,N6EWE2PV6Y
M\ZICR9*-#,H/'O7]T,N3K'`QPZQ\)`??;K.4/?/T/6=%C4E*=DAJX%_MLV-U
MSI:GCZ3+D_+M_?B4\OP(*5ZS0U9_R:2NDZ>S'[N"E\GK`>;]2<9)>LXM+QKI
M\RPM><6W]0C2>4BT.>?8BSW(M)QO,IB!D-TIV7;A?B>S=4!=;SF7`OV;L5.E
M?7>J/3_]5F:;/[*"@=JP3F(%7CE_$]`?&S$$P5XC^D6NP)^ELV';Y/U0_\5/
MO[-LMZ]AN2 ;KF54I*`II1G0B,J7\``3@T\DS41J@2/(I_Y^R3;U?
MN$$XFD1^0`#NO+*J?LE$2M=)WZN:Y_\AB*A4F(2J)`&P5[_3$9U.R"2\G\5#
M1G*"STF=+. :L3A!/_.OZH#J(D!P-2I%)
MZ;88`FQ1B:Q"62%&$T,;,.XL'ER6*]P70P19#!IB(`;%H#$4R[7C40L$-+6(
M34:WM1!@BTED^Q-B-"VT`4,+`D[37PP997%HJ*%`*$?@PY]9O6L3(!`7@,G1
MLO';\A!T7L,:([ML%4@32!\Q[RY,LG>Y$+16@T53(02I@@DC:O7W6F5I`Y@<
M+7^^HU"+,4=7RT+;(PC2%=)&S+L/\E[29KZ-=3*\% 3*,NJN0IKMJJK1G3H4UG2M*U.37LY,VJQY>C$UU5B:%2LV
MVHAQ=SK(G&74/4T42%L9-8)E(NVZ0Q/:RXXEVF9CUXD"Z6S0Q>6(J F?O
MB'V;_N"\_5"2:)M-;/6.`NELNAR7#G)FU8*
MI$O29;'BQ5\OTL=V1C+JGB0*I+%0(ZI,NJLDZ.6P$FV1B>W-D0+I9+HSA;9+`[]DGR_$J=CEM'+Y/P```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A``GM-[G+`@``_`8``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULC%5=;YLP%'V?M/]@^;U\DT`44K6INE7:I&G:Q[-C#%@%
MC&RG:?_]KG%`0-JN+PDVYQZ?>^[U97O]W-3HB4G%19MAW_$P8BT5.6_+#/_^
M=7^58*0T:7-2BY9E^(4I?+W[_&E[$O)158QI!`RMRG"E=;=Q744KUA#EB(ZU
M\*80LB$:EK)T52<9R?N@IG8#SUNY#>$MM@P;^1$.412 ?W@1,DL1^O_L_B6D5]@G=$D]U6
MBA."IH$S54=,"_H;8#:9A>"/U3'F^E:JD*,AN3$L&89NAW`%Y7G:)6FX=9_`
M4WK&W%YB_#EB/R!,*4#>J!$RGVI\W?5!B@$;*:8*1MNMW0#N45NP./<5Q'J$
MS)2`0Q]78L#@YN3@Q/-&7BO.8J)1[7ZR,3LYFI\\U.E]+TQ0AB&],?4DC18*
M+&;=%RU,?&\I<3\%F-?1%#+3"+T\=<=HC-Z\)4.]3-!28[S0:#&K7J.?1JNI
M@M['O47T/LXDK2XEF?9^WS83M)"TK)N%6-=\/_+29"X9II'AL(`TC.,X6;:4
MG3;V,C9,EFS/ZEHA*HYFD@20[+@[#KF;P'3*8O\6AE\_*MSQ!0R?CI3L.Y$E
M;Q6J60&4GK,&FZ0=7W:A1=>/@(/0,';ZQPJ^,@SNC>18V>F-)U;%B&7YC&-^O/GU8'J1YUQ9A!P-#H#%?&M$O?U[1B
M@FA/MJR!-X54@AA8JM+7K6(D[PZ)VH^"(/4%X0UV#$MU#8 @V=(.IQWTZH%"U0['C-S4M'BI&@RX>RD8KL:O#]'":$
MGKB[Q1F]X%1)+0OC`9WOA)Y[7O@+'YC6JYR#`YMVI%B1X=MPN4VQOUYU^?G#
MV4$/GI&NY.&+XODWWC!(-I3)%F`GY:.%/N1V"P[[9Z?ONP+\4"AG!=G7YJPJ&K*]E_G+'-(6$`HT732T3E34(@%\DN.T,2`AY[OX//#=5AN/4
MF\Z".`0XVC%M[KFEQ(CNM9'BKP.%1RI'$AU)8E!_?!]YT7P:3M/W67RGJ#-X
M1PQ9KY0\(&@:B*E;8ELP7`+SR9G3T7O]GU7P:$EN+4N&H=O!A8;R/*WGBW3E
M/T%.Z1&S.<>$8\3VA+"E`'F]1G`^U'@YZR O@WL(+.N
M5F&0)DDR5K8=`F8+Z++7:HV$00-?GQ(+'@N;+<9Q-PZ2=L+B61PMXC%@.P1,
MXCA.@M=.&RE+/Z+,@M]1YB`N99.+TH:(B\K 1[8XW^QL8>-UX\/L7,'!:4K+O1)6\T:AF!5`&W@SRI=S(&PO=V]R:W-H965T -C9;N;95G GAYY_N7]KN:W^HJL&""*=^8Q^&X;QVG+X\5$W1K]IS
M=8*>7=LUQ0`?N[W3G[NJV(Z#FJ/#73=TFJ(^V1AAW5T3H]WMZK+*V_*YJ4X#
M!NFJ8S$`__Y0G_LI6E->$ZXINJ_/Y[NR; 7ZR_[4=L73
M$>;]G?E%.<4>/QCAF[KLVK[=#2L(YR!1%^6\,,A.Q65^TV]B-;
MYUY@.P_WHT#_UM5+K_QM]8?VY=>NWOY>GRI0&]9)K,!3VWX5T"];T02#'6/T
MYW$%_NRL;;4KGH_#7^W+;U6]/PRPW`',2$QLO?V15WT)BD*8%1]IE.T1",#_
M5E.+U`!%BN_C[Y=Z.QPVMA>N@LCU&,"MIZH?/M U5;2(+KM15@PI9HF2(D0;8K27?ZQ7ZY
M>Q5MG%UV(SY'O#D/V%CJ/$1B>[#QW\\5,4B?3QR0E4\1,SX0&6,#KH M&*3S99P21@Q*&0,ADOJ9VA\R/PI)]N0(,!D+)R9E[G(VB$$ZXS@A"J:(
M0<8\B'GL$XE5`(NXH3'VFXR3CS`6@RACJC%B9+I&44P7(5,!H S"=IF3($(
M.&:!IS`3PM.'JO=^`6-H02K/A-;.5(*0)Q0P1I(QDP"5YEO6QH17*#0OT$-G
MT>C1O31&E!F&9F"TY&J+5NW%"?(&.N@B*AVCWH\1-S:*Q9@7$N_*-$#@)731
M G/9+_*\BTW8J+H*RPO)"):A,J.F2(J/B(SD;;DXV,7ZZ&HZ-?S
MP?JO\C$S4361V.?,4$L%(,%.1?\AFQE&ZS9BI*$&8BG'@1W0#
M:0#F>[YQ`I&(!=H?,AUNFD[B$C%3"7I-O4RVX$0"EY.JF:LCM*+$85G55+AN
MGX^C='$9-UB*T-,&BA./,W*8RF28B;5YDI:`!7$7'.CR`8^;#K1`&T%(ZFZ9
MMP8)%KX"R" 5(#4;@[<9$_ FYG>(XBE11CUPFI!*$4HKO
MR+IM9EI_"-\XR7?H7`+,-/2(0;V?AB.:D'7)LU()>EW5S&C)U19=1&)%%_B@
MNZCK:Z2AAQB\$/$XCZBZF42\$L[5%IW>ARS',RW'/(9($*XQB_W`)YF7283*
M$P,O+"MQF.NVB[?@-#XY1:02Y..-;T#M?.Z>KEYSM4474Q3UF_ $P^&8`+\Z;JMM7674\]E;9/HM;?P[SGUOG-Q*/
M7-RMDO:4K3.\SYX[X$7!N=A7?Q3=OC[UUK':04AW%0&)#E\UX(>A/8_7]4_M
M`*\(QC\/\$JH@HMR=P7@7=L.TP=XL#._9'KX'P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"```
M`"$`I6U@;_VR3HFY!G*)2T=T"6V"QV,NS8LNQ4-LR)*5I_WY)SE@F
MA_1-+9#&].'HZ'!X.&3Y].'';COY7K5=W>P7`9O.@TFU7S:K>O^Z"/[Y^_-#
M&DRZOMRORFVSKQ;!SZH+/CS_^LO3>]-^ZS95U4]DA'VW"#9]?WB [LMX'$.&QO25&LU[7R^I3
MLWS;5?L>@K35MNPE_VY3'[ICM-WREG"[LOWV=GA8-KN##/%2;^O^IPX:3';+
MQR^O^Z8M7[;RO7\P42Z/L?4')_RN7K9-UZS[J0PW`Z+N.V>S;"8C/3^M:OD&
M2O9)6ZT7P4?V6,11,'M^T@+]6U?OG?'[I-LT[[^U]>J/>E])M>4XJ1%X:9IO
M"OIEI9IDYYG3^[,>@3_;R:I:EV_;_J_F_?>J?MWT +((RG43(/F81/7JJN_URKD,%D
M^=;US>X_`#%%:@C",4@HV>/W?,K3B$7Q]2@S8*1?\%/9E\]/;?,^D5DCG]D=
M2I6#[%%&/KX9\!C>]=RK2GHJR$<591'(=)=OT IZ1(QN8MA
M-J(X(M102'H#1_GF)D>_ZD PP`T@L59,SFGX8V.*RQB+GK#IJ
M0B09)XC"1+!4Q`GCIP2P2,J,-S6\C:3J1$CRN2U4#A@0DXF4"V$#"A/`U;PY
M`2R&L X,,R``69"SODT/FFC$04@A'8A,_63>Z@H,*42V1KD
M@-$/@BX70_>B'*@:"`(YXC2CWH3?NVHPY9;&`%V60Z,IE]06
M/D>0(8C98BNB/--X^FVSF('3FI:8S1U%``2*\#!)G03!,!Y-[O)GYAIT-L^H
M)@`R-3%:;$U&V2]S_=>C"8#007C"YV1>%QC&HPGQVRMYXAIMQL@$S57I(R>7
MJ8G18FM"O/3&//&9JI,GIJNFD>LC[)RILKM<5:/)U&&D=,D19$IRSEC9*&?5
MO0@+=^J8WLJ%+B?L?"XPCB=/[K)7YO%71KPK1Y`IRCF'Y:,<5O>Z)@J"T$^B
MV/431+B:\+L\5J,)&T86^AQ!AB9FBS5W^"B/U;T("R=1$`2:L"P2TE%(HB#$
M(\I=)LM=DV5.?80@4Y1S)LM'F:SN98O"&"T'$`2BA+*`C019#0H+PD(19BP[
M"6>/'O'=VYQ/[>1(W>)6XP@2NAP/R6L4UK>2XS"N-KU1QLQ=8V:"3GL$87(E
M/&3."HX03W(1:[Y1-?!:LZY@C*R0.0<0THI9$I+ZI[`1:1:*4PQ;O%$6SL&=
M+9;BE#U0DR((DU!D*2?R%HCP:$< O>@AQ
MQS0 (`RL+ 5F1%N**)NQ)DSGH5`LC4Q&BQ1V24\XUW5Q#1IYMF-
M8Q2/),23KT@"3FI+0@JY7`#(E,1HL249Y;K"X[I.*82- 8(
M,A4Y9[!BE,'J7F3B."='"`)%Q#QS#181KB;170:KT3:;S*FU$&1H8K9861*-
M,EC=RV;!'$T0!)JD< R,&F7'\G:5 NKDV0]EQ>"=/WIV;#%_)&UJ%\K;Z6[6N]
M[R;;:BU#SJ>)Y-3"G2[XT#GE72S]ZT;>O:OD9:+Y5(+73=,?/ZBK
M2L-MON?_`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`U5S6'(@#```="P``&0```'AL
M+W=O 7
MHZ
M13J_WY5"TDT.ZWXB8YJ>N.N/,_J"IU(HL=4>T/E&Z/F:8S_V@6FUR#BL`,/N
M2+9=NC=DGI#0]5>+.D"_.3NJWKNC]N+X6?+L*R\91!ORA!G8"/&`T/L,A\#8
M/[.^JS/P73H9V])#KG^(XQ?&=WL-Z8Y@1;BP>?9\RU0*$04:+XR0*14Y"(!_
MI^!8&A`1^E0_CSS3^Z4[FGC1-!@1@#L;IO0=1TK720]*B^*/`9&&RI"$#0D\
M&Q(2>N$L(M'D#2RCA@6>)Y;(FT71>#*;_E>+;]95A^F6:KI:2'%TH/9`N:HH
M5C*9`S/&9P11-JMI(_:O@$&DD.0&698N;!HP5Y#EQU4<3A;^(V0F;3#K :U&B%M?X\NY.TE!,$K!7**VM1D`[E9;./#[`F+:0BPE$*'+E2!X
MZ0)YZS@..UXCSF#&K=JD-V!Y'K_%,X*'GF?MBHQG@XGK9`5>9,\F]NRTF[9$
M0=GUPW$JGM<3A$9#3SF"AU+'`ZD&T]L)O0'+ >`Z'.\%@S$X@WD!78F:G
M)L-=#5J2")R8_6A Y"[6:
ML]DZS,YV`S&@IMR@W#L)C &PO=V]R:W-H965T SL)OJ2!Z4/;X,7V
M\E[+"^+5M\_ZZ+S3MJM8LW:#F>\ZM"G9MFKV:_?OOYX?%J[3]46S+8ZLH6OW
M!^W]/2\_KR@.MBV[&3K2!D1UKZZ*'C^W>
MZTXM+;;BIOKHA;Z?>G51-2Y66+9C:K#=KBKI$RO?:MKT6*2EQZ('_MVA.G7G
M:G4YIEQ=M*]OIX>2U2 %!IL]I6L`+>=J>EN[7[&"SS*'&]S4HTZ)^*?G2#
M_YWNP#Y^::OM;U5#H=N@$U?@A;%7#OV^Y9?@9L^X^UDH\$?K;.FN>#OV?[*/
M7VFU/_0@=P(KX@M;;G\\T:Z$CD*962AHE.P(!."W4U?K^(A
M(['`IZ(O-JN6?3C@&IBS.Q7.LXMPPM0^\(M
MU.:U(*[D%2;0H2$3WJT(W/0U(W[3VH5)+@1(M%`I9(B9B];-`Q+K%'$\%BX=
MMB8V"<4WC7EN$;]))T0T0HA)D1!)?74XQV&3#\P];-#7C>%@E<="LT2&$*01
MD"CU(XUH/D0DR2(BT;5WBG;I%&H 2X2E%SPV
MQ[/!D%78I`8;!!'AVF`68!H"S,MIN_TR :63,)&LIT*V_Y-[$),HW)6U'R_(@.
MXC#V0VVWYQ)B: 44(OFA2Y`JW.;LHD01>9^.NE)I.$F#)%DS)8H#4ZADP2
MA#+Y,WUCRV$+E4GY&YGY2Q)MV9D$#76YE;'1I(P5:*T1QA<1"4)=B$V56Y$+
M!W]3+&J)7%,5!(W(+`VAV(A`>)>,Y6TW9/ 8
MCR$_W-&N9W"P*4X!O BCW]O6CW5=,Y1[J#DOYL#I1;/)G$#ST[B=.]
M%];#B:+X]P`GR!2.Q,!GKK-CK#]_X%^\+V?2F_\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(
M````(0`A@?)E1P0``+P.```8````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL
ME)==CZ,V%(;O*_4_(.X3,"&?2K(:0-.NU$I5N]M>$V(2-(!3[)G,_/L]!V/'
M=K9;,A>9Y/#R^O$Y]@%O/[TWM?=&.UZQ=N>3:>A[M"W8L6I/.__KE^?)RO>X
MR-MC7K.6[OP/ROU/^Y]_VEY9]\+/E`H/'%J^\\]"7#9!P(LS;7(^91?:PI62
M=4TNX&=W"OBEH_FQOZFI@R@,%T&35ZTO'3;=&`]6EE5!,U:\-K05TJ2C=2Z`
MGY^K"U=N33'&KLF[E]?+I-!2P.55V)C][4]YIB\_G4LBX_U##O=Q+GA?+N
M?]S9-U71, SWD=K`-PVF^/% 2'OVA-"T&/4#G?PXH"_`
M0?B_:IBG"$L^4>*R&`E3:+!!/Y?Y?5H,25QN'C`8S9XP/_!@Y#I:CZ/%ZOE>))XI:+?+_MV-6#-0^3YY<<=Q#9@+%*L4R(3OI_Y1R2C29/Z++S
M8;-".CD4_FT?;H,W*&TQ*!*I@$^M(+8B50JL(YIF1B``6HT,E3"1O[\:%!F*
MD4RY)C)@@D0.R+UB9BNR>T6L%18J%'P\*HIAB1HIFFO7/B.)5,1Z,JD;R(R`
M!0*E'0^"XIT/D]2U6C@@4@&?6K&T%:E2J+QG1L`B@_4_G@S%-MG*'C>1"I-L
M;2M2I=!D1L`B6SQ"AF*;C+A;0$KF_?:(R9JXZTY>OU4W,P(6V/(1,!0[8,[.
M2Z1$YNSPO=V;*H7.F1&PT/!Y;;23'^]-%#MH3DX2*8E[*!)'Z]7:68JI4F@T
M(V"AK1]!0[YC2!1$H0K=Q/)NO)#.I=8NN;1$Z"4R75C$;`8B3P8!V?OU[M
M4-X:D6P9@\;8&:$1L0)CI`X"HMM>@N_P3(C5R%T [*U
M6]ES.PR^4,($8$#]+(N ```9````
M>&PO=V]R:W-H965T B1?)NL!R
M8)%,&Z`%BJ*79YJB+,*B*)!TG/Q]9[BWF5W9E/H262=G1S-GAW,6W/O/W^NC
M]ZULNZHY;?QP$OA>>2J:775ZWOA___7ET]+WNCX_[?)C 77R181U>TV,9K^OBC)MBM>Z//4B2%L>\Q[R[P[5N5/1ZN*:
MOKR>/Q5-?8803]6QZG\,07VO+M9?GT]-FS\=H>[OX2PO5.SABQ.^KHJV
MZ9I]/X%P4Y&H6_-JNII"I(?[7045H.Q>6^XW_F.XSN*E/WVX'P3ZIRK?.O*W
MUQV:MU_::O=;=2I!;=@GW(&GIGE!ZM<=0K!XZJS^,NS`'ZVW*_?YZ['_LWG[
MM:R>#SUL]QPJPL+6NQ]IV16@*(291'.,5#1'2`#^]>H*6P,4R;]O_`A^N-KU
MAXT?WTWFBR`.@>X]E5W_I\=GU3_RM(H0PE@L0R"'S*(.%LL@B#5;RX
M/@@PATS@TP2Y,I.IJ&H0* KTG
M%^B$01XQRL:'1P:6=[#'WQX6R_G]]!OL2R$Y6Y<3 !>WQC%1@%JU"_OU6`*2NR4E8,M22U@8P`+&5H!9KRY794^B(9-H;J
M>[?BJ6P%)UKI]!,'21TDHPC+;W9+?DBH)@I`'NK`0%:;8P"3I(ZB`915B"
ML+_7"XCD(4&U45N!4+DC9@R$WRZ^T-5O&P;,2,N;',,SXMX
MBC`&3U(@,Z.8I-P-SU@4A#.N<6HOR.P%L5[`TE]<2'\%R5_(%\:>2AA7\80E
M`A^Z$68+^SD7I`@>9D*RGJQ4D]2.91JAR]ZI!]V;C+6/RT`R+T,@1'2$2(N(Z2.H@&45X/N@)9*L'@8/1U@V%E%=H&J>KC;@F%R;!B!$15MI%4+C. 5UDX$4M,0EQE9RJ/6)@,J8R]:O:P@KK(Q)]$2DL5[F1P4A,J&I54V$%793'U>U4W>%[G>
M)R&JLN-]#B>C",\'/>7V7HZ$%=%>5A!3>6796B)98RIKIS,J:^@:E6\RO\@U
M/PE1E1WS "-:8R)IE
M1-80%=E8*R\*;8ETSL?'N$B8&'LL;5]+),G(GCI(1A&>#UH*R>=*[X-7$8[*
M$N(J6V>'1"X<4UD;G5%90U1E8ZVL*GPK2*OZ6.6!S5M&0D;3Q$%2!\DHPO.Y
MX'WCK1R[UJ2]07S&]]KQ:X3*HB+;@X$4O1+AN:9$W.6'L.J&$
MJ.B"!$ZN^B!U2)E$!(EGA!YC31!\$$:>.6E\YD>W>!;$R4UEG@>V%TH6Z^UY
M8"Q-'.L,2]64&8C*;%R`%V5YX3`6;VXEUR)C98@FA]G<2CZ1I!`FGG[G.`^,
MHJKQL+2&ZYL+_!BN+"_@
MC[/UH[C*M`/-UG"/<2'0?`TW"H!/]0*X>CSGS^7O>?M X9"[AVBR8@-[[ING5%_P!?6W]\!\```#__P,`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0##PH>;Z@4``!T8```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T Z16JJI>G@E>VRB&
MM8! RZZ]OU VV7U[O\Q&NV\;^SUO]Z]_-/ZU?>/+5'QCH/(M3MQC]VW7D5
M!&UQ9%7>3OB9U?"7/6^JO(.OS2%HSPW+=[U3=0JBZ7015'E9^S+"JKDF!M_O
MRX*EO'BN6-W)(`T[Y1WP;X_EN=71JN*:/#V?OQ2\.D.(Q_)4=M_[H+Y7
M%:MOAYHW^>,)\GX+X[S0L?LO@_!5632\Y?MN`N$"2728\S)8!A#I;KTK(0,A
MN]>P_ H']*]MJBW[WVR%]_: 0D4ALM?N>LK8`12',))J+
M2`4_`0'XZ56E*`U0)'_;^!$\N-QUQXT_6TSF-]-9".;>(VN[AU*$]+WBN>UX
M]:\T"E4H&62F@L"G"B(H7.D,ECT#^+S:.9!9]**D>9??K1O^ZD&E` WX3IX@7,HE,UV:.-8)-I"
MB"["IBZ0(2"`!$P6/*5\N
M/ZVO,(9"P_HNEI3*5MI$2T,_&2#I`,DP0OC%/\)/&$,%03!4`(Y66VDTBRS!
M`9(.D`PCA"!4*Q905N[D!N#N6!9/6RZ[\(*P,ZA06; N0^8ZS(P#H;^X0'\!OA?XPF#1A(47):R0&R1]'#FUD4BC"-K'
MG$\\FQIBLMN,D18C,PAVLUU+\@$"^#@^3D,8TS0D@G1W@=0%,@00)F)3NR-M
M7%GA12DI!!Z#1'.*.I%&CK+VR*6RQL@H:Q` TJ7#(2LIHF?4BJLFN381NJLE@ACLJ+<9'EXB$B*XB*[$[C\.+&&HALK*S(
M!L(BVSE.DP(2.*D1D86U,S`DA$5VD31TD0PCE(_8)H[(RW&1Y0XB(BL('FU7
M7NS(EX0CRTM5LK&R(AL(A[=#GR8EEA!*:D1DN;)(,FB+]922T$72`9)AA/")
M0%#,1\R+\4KNO>CA*TA\()&=I99H*_+*%CNC.[561F0+X?!VFM.DG-7WJ9=H
M,=*1H;C>5K`]E%1/-Y\X@3W4L^W],
M=MGQG1$=.8OP '2E%909.A
M%)U62B-CI4\PLQ!R7-CNHCF*[8=R'.EXN2M),N[Z3"*)0&UK2JF"\$%@(\I(
M+"_$Z'.JRPU(B*JEB%4?MJTTBHGH"SM@5-NJ4+9'Q$UJ_XI,'>U4D"G*RU)Y
M+UBQYL`2=CJU7L&?Q46HN/HPJ+FDO>^?XN!;N+SM;SI=/()+7:&[B\]6B>V!\[2_"&KD]:[\TO$S
M+&*X9>4=7,OVOQ[A&I[!1>-T`GV[Y[S37\0#S,7^W7\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0"P_>#FMP&PO=V]R:W-H965T 2;S(NL!R8'&9-D`*%$7:/M,491&61(&DX^3O
M.\-=[L[LTJ(4]"6*CF:'9\X.Y]!:W7_\?CR,ON55792GM>>/I]XH/V7EMC@]
MK[V_OW[ZL/!&=9.>MNFA/.5K[T=>>Q\??OWE_JVL7NI]GC )_6YRM-MN^AXF`33Z=WDF!8G3V985=?D
M*'>[(LM%F;T>\U,CDU3Y(6V`?[TOSG67[9A=D^Z85B^OYP]9>3Q#BJ?B4#0_
MVJ3>Z)BM/C^?RBI].D#=W_THS;KFK_*M]_SXGG?P';/H"(L;+7](?(Z
M`T4AS3B88::L/``!^'=T++`U0)'T>_OZ5FR;_=H+@?"DSEC;+7NBF/
M_\H/?95"+@[48GCM%M^-9_-IZ,.UKDT2JB3PJI+XT7CN3Y?A')) <0L
M:P_N*Y"MAD;X]A#=+>XGWV#S,A6S<6-\'A%W$;A3F%;80$*`"12@JX!-^!^J
MP"Q817?]30>8L@*+ [;3%X.A.XF^@3_E5#8R)EAJ
M^K"`=)*,+X19S?3S8&9H'6@JM U6A8US=([[T%QA7W=4V"B(;X"#"01**5X4N0JH:*$9Z#BM&0E1E
M&Q%H(M`P)B:A".>#1D#XM"I/AWM9^@ 6`A+PI(T*(&BL%H2V0)49%M1/@VDE"$\T&_L43V
MKQ@8TJ:8R@J":YN!NW#&LO(WKK(SEG6445E#-/U[8QE-B50UH+*R,#J6;9N+
M?1L1#I)0A*D1]2,9J90615G80X2`)13@?=!FRZ>U4#H=55D9'=C]0$%?9GLHJ"OF8AB<6
M)KW/1!F5M1V2A0LSSGE5:$NDJLNM'$@3H_>E@JC*MM,))R:A".>#ED+X7*NR
M,CJJLH*XRL:<5"_W69BKLHXR*FN(JFRF/J\*C8I4-:`R1ELWIH2HRC8B\(L;
MYH8)13@?]!3"YUJ5E=-1E17$5%Y:MA8'?1[FJJRCC,H:ND9E($&K&E`9HRV5
M)415MA$1V$A"$:XR>HJE\G+P83F03L3N,07!I IQ8.#0QM=$9D#='T
MQC1Y43=Y'_QYZHAL.UVL@HSLPD$2BC`^^$6(+?+P8UR[BF]^!W&1S1.`G! S&;[I"Z4M,=`5QT 6NE[>KC>:-U$'D2W,%!::Y1`>1
M2=Y!;13G9)GC3ZD>N9ZI(!AN1$]C'?+^54'X9$VBK-$J="JM>O^Z=V9FU&>W
MI*^^EF=0>>CF:;-8NZ'LD9RRJ2AXONJX"A=*&,1WXR83A?-T>]0HB!"(74BX
M$)[-8RZY4'*29^WRA/B85\]YG!\.]2@K7_$&ULE%3+;MLP$+P7Z#\0O$>4Y$=JP7)@-T@;H`&*HH\S3:TDPJ(H
MD'2 UO'E2#7D$8Z5N #05LYT!7O275,/2.)XSQ65+`T-F+N'092D%W&JQ5]"Z0&*@X0[UVUIV
M]LBFQ"5TBIO=OKL26G5(L96-=,\]*25*9/=5JPW?-ECW4S+EXLC='\[HE11&
M6UVZ".E8$'I>\X(M*MEH7$"KSMQ$"9TW62;>:4K9:]/[\E'.SHG=A:'[X8
M67R3+:#9V";?@*W6.P^]+WP(+[.SVW=]`[X;4D#)]XW[H0]?05:UPV[/L"!?
M5U8\WX(5:"C21.G,,PG=H`!\$B7]9*`A_"FG*2:6A:MS.IE'L^MXDB".KI=$'@NU&M.VX'YXD0^*CIL`PJ/R72%3G
M2=:>): XZ9/=AG
M]G9Y*9L0&*=)WTXS^9\T'HQ^C\2G23SPALP!,^WM'M -TPZWK'^M\:&ULK%;+;MLP$+P7Z#\(O$=O^2%8#FP'
M:0.T0%'T 5(1(!QA:
MD:%*RB[U/)%7I,'"91UIX9>2\09+N.4[3W2 3
M,D.K(-W,D;=2-;\UJC@R*59PB,+7(\L
M4S>(_9[BA;3HF`;78UHT<9.I'P7_?K:G#]+[ MS3&`C-@-"51#D
M&8W@TW_0J%B41E55)7H]!)Y%CR1O!L18$!AU*NAR]PS>*'"&X--X$P:^??*U
MQH1]Y_?B-J<1RXS8?O8["Z98H.2GJLXKID'1_$1Z$D2V](T!C4V"]^'4)"4T
MAM@;.TNQ]$)-V70D@MH80Y,@'JDRH+&JR655+Y=0)=DB="2V.SX9B;@(FAB0
M5=;I>W2I)%N7CMC>3,T3=6M=PLP,QE*EUMYH.D0P=%]V2R79JG1DY-;%++
MN@0*GU\42Q>TY%C7].V]I5ALH3IB]U8X'E,&9'I+[QL]5QO"=V1#ZEHX.=NK
M73*#@6BB9LVM0C6)1O$UK+]^5XSC80K#Z`(^2F%2G,=7>^0'688=WY"OF.]H*IR8E'-%WE?U&PO=V]R:W-H965T [QBE+FFIM7P";
MXW/._?+R\D%UY!Z,E;HO:1+%E$`O="7[IJ2_?MZH`>_]3:*.YP:1IF!P.\&@^ICJ5Q
M/&>*RYX&AL*\A4/7M11PK<560>\"B8&.._1O6SG8)S8EWD*GN+G;#F="JP$I
M-K*3[G$DI42)XK;IM>&;#N-^2#(NGKC'Q0F]DL)HJVL7(1T+1D]COF`7#)E6
MRTIB!#[MQ$!=TG527,TI6RW'_/R6L+,'W\2V>O?9R.JK[`&3C67R!=AH?>>A
MMY7?PL/LY/3-6(#OAE10\VWG?NC=%Y!-Z[#:.0;DXRJJQVNP`A.*-%&:>R:A
M.S2`3Z*D[PQ,"'\8WSM9N;:D:1(M\CR;+\Z19@/6W4C/28G86J?5GX!*]ER!
M)=VSX'O/,IM'^7D\2U#T%1(6'(T!7G/'5TNC=P2;!B7MP'T+)@42OQP1AN*Q
M:P\N*38U>K58A?M5GJ9+=H^I$WO,5X0\&%-^J'2:R@":87$G
M.WDZF^P BEV(_3[G0KK%-?I^?[6;$>;PLV_&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T =V<6$Q<9V7K`99LZ9F1T.L[Q[+0OGA0K)>!6[
M_FCL.K1*>,JJ;>S^^?UX,W,=J4B5DH)7-';?J'3O5I\_+?=,N<4N4`0B5C
M-U>J7GB>3'):$CGB-:W@2<9%213 X"T6J8,*L"V.X)F
ML;OV%_?^S/562]V@OXSN9>>_(W.^_RI8^IU5%+H-YX0GL.'\&5V?4C1!L'<4
M_:A/X*=P4IJ17:%^\?TWRK:Y@N.>0$58V")]>Z`R@8X"S"B8(%+""T@`KD[)
MB"*KI>![!X8%*&5-3\!0"?+@0J0-\U.L DVX]T4>(T!E:WF4Z;J5Q"N%PVW0FP;1-Q^HF.'6[B8,9
M#D_FX4`Q2J?1]K6Q=!L["6:G.6]MSO.S@\XVE;%$ >'["5LM1=&^^M5`9YO*6.SRPH%W`7K0I=+ES4&=SI>'439G8['+
M&W@Q?,#ODU[FU%$VZ33?NNN=;`^A^2(.W=ZZU1G%YO
M!Q0'U:5?9#"[7"2&]6@;DUWD@.CX/=7!W@;X`;PP2 LQB45&SI%UH4TDGX
M#I>9`#[UK;5=M-8!OAU]>[18FP7,:Y_``E23+?U!Q)95TBEH!ICC$ 6RO'K.,^^)2<5%L?+):.Q[K$A$RHOMRO_S^^[B
MTO>4ID5*,U&PE?_"E'^U_OQI>1#R4>T8TQX@%&KE[[0N%T&@DAW+J1J)DA7P
MS4;(G&IXE-M`E9+1U`3E61".Q],@I[SP*X2%'((A-AN>L%N1['-6Z`I$LHQJ
MR%_M>*F.:'DR!"ZG\G%?7B0B+P'B@6= 0!(ZV7*H0)LNR?99N5?D\5-./]=(TZ"]G
M!W5R[ZF=.'R5//W."P;=AG/"$W@0XA%=[U,T07#0BKXS)_!3>BG;T'VF?XG#
M-\:W.PW''4-%6-@B?;EE*H&.`LPHC!$I$1DD`% 71+P]QZ8TG<NC0]I/`(@;9B!;3@S.B,S]A93N:D,IS2OB5@TD_?0H//*AVN3?$C&3?H5
M
M0PM>+NWL[`P1C')8:Y/%&K^^NM:[0ASIP3,]/[DFRF&M5 P
M5G(#P 6\6>/U@3Y;#6>F6U>.J*4[5I5XMHSN26
M?6%9IKQ$['&+#F&U;*S-AG\=H@2Z]FAQ76W^0?,-;-XEW;(?5&YYH;R,;0!S
M/$+]D=7N7CUH44+NL'X+#2NWN=W!?RP&Z^5X!,X;(?3Q`9B#YE_;^C\```#_
M_P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#4("(9]PD``*8Q```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M 8=Q!T?RR1U&K8/K"Y$S/`8##+M2+1
MEA!)-$0Y3M[^5+.;[*[Z&3MR[(O(_KJZR/JKEVJ*N?GS^V$_^%:>ZEUUO!UZ
M5^/AH#RNJ\WN^'0[_.]_DC\6PT%]7ATWJWUU+&^'/\IZ^.?=W_]V\UJ=OM;;
MLCP/R,.QOAUNS^?GZ]&H7F_+PZJ^JI[+([4\5J?#ZDQ_GIY&]?.I7&V:3H?]
MR!^/9Z/#:G< OML/X5
M=X?5Z>O+\Q_KZO!,+K[L]KOSC\;IX/
MN_6IJJO'\Q6Y&^D;Q9B7H^6(/-W=;'84@9)]J^JI,\XU"U'D$O9,F`_\Z#3;EX^IE
M?_YW]9J5NZ?MF=(]I8A48->;'U%9KTE1 =&AJDR.I[
M\_FZVYRWM\-@=C6=CP./S`=?ROJZ!F8GO39]J1?W^@P,1WHTW3PQE=S;[P,YF]?B5J;0.FSN]*5-QF_
M=X T,;C%F%KH4:$ @?G!_*#4TQNLP;$T0;!4MF-.'*A9U1-S:`Q$`2("F0#$@.I'`)
MTXE6,-!I1NO)A>N( J-53GA\6OBSVS\QF;6[+O^V!-+1J3;)UV'6':P.S4+@!8B%D#/C5(EU=ZI
MLN9W:@@)Y$S=N1BEVFA""XMCM.!&46?4YCSNB-MMV75C B4$D
MNG.YN=C40F,U'3>)F-"A0P0;M1:Z4E4E3FR1Z]I61CP25:JX8^KME'BZLJ%M
MI]7MH44L*7-9?Q@KGI6Y'2:F.M/NR:IU'_=WM`.21Z/JC0NBT>4)BT8CD1>Y
M.WC&BH:]'6-SL5Q&QFKJYD9W).1VM$GET:@:XH)H=,G!HC&(YT;,A5`5$331
MIGXSRL08C$PKR\E/.O"[5SO[!7>O"P%V]Z8V3_D1&XY&?/PL[*Y@QD]G9<OG
M>1\+9X.FM`W9X\E"EOW6JA4F0A0C2A"EB#)$.:*"(:Y5?RW=/.W8[C:;4G^M
M .L[!%I*JCG:BSHUZKI:@VXWXK47,E_5:B\DC[K<3^F_5;
MB5TH[[<2:W'1;V57))ZMOLK>F_Y&MK#$5X=RE2U*FDW-$I8`8Z4?7LVF8_KI
MGN(TJT34.M(FDQZ3F)LLIK/E7%PHX2;!;+;T?'&EE-MX$W\R]H7.F;`9CQ=P
MQSG88%0%MUDR"YXK5='C*OT;N=)'!+:=:<1S-1,2AKZQTHGPKCQUT_9'S)1(
MF/.LQJ+U'6?)9>;I9>;99>8Y-Q]?B3%2\/8WA.*)5N>03TVT/MBP1&O$$[V$
MO<98Z41/E^/%0HR%R.],VNTH1I0@2A%EB')$!4- 1$$YL
M-"%]H=FL>?;A?&21^E; ?IS<
MF/-SE$%3]XM K@69CL5&&_5:BI(R,E?-E2W\_6V3R&.5A
MYIV\XCDE,(BJ`"<8L9B%QDJ=RATKL4-&UJJ=!+%%;L>?%+"!/&Z\$PT>)AH/
MMT/WX#"3W]>%QD@]HG*"$=MEU+FRL9CK\7YVM^"9426PNWV]$XNNF-W-*3"(
M94:^ SL%3(S:
M:NI:^?(T&RD):!6FI-D\=LAU;RL['J0J97X_2.5%E`P:\3R**16JEZ#4'D)W
M["AA)Y`^&1HK-X_F>O1A^SGG/!;BY++RIS'GL1A$.TLK GLJPW._KP;IZ42\JT].5NYL.Z[>H'P+_6A45%(=L
MF8SI!>OF'6EHZ5Z]EBT^M>C9"BUT'7J*VW,=/Z"6YG$8])E02S,Q9$M`]T8)
M[_$6T!U08=C3XDVOU??$?2TS:FF.._(ZWIQ:YKU]%M32O`\+?9;4TAP<9(M/
M=TW?A.`=T+OL][W:4#"]L2@Q>_P\D)1]2MY/KN]IN."%'TCA7H%)JUZI2*E>
MH4BG?IGH`O3R`EUYU*E!;\D_KY[*?ZY.3[MC/=B7CS0XZ Y
M>J:5BMZ5K\[T?GSSZY;^/T1);QS1XXKAX+&JSNT?Z@+=_["X^PL``/__`P!0
M2P,$%``&``@````A`' :&&!@``HAT``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULK%G;CJ,X$'U?:?\!\3XA0""=*,FHPVU'FI56J[T\TX0DJ$.(
M@+[,WV\9&[#+-3UD-2^=SNGCLJOJ5%&--Y_?RXOQFM=-45VWICV;FT9^S:I#
M<3UMS;__BC\]F$;3IM=#>JFN^=;\EC?FY]VOOVS>JOJY.>=Y:X"%:[,USVU[
M6UM6DYWS,FUFU2V_PE^.55VF+7RM3U9SJ_/TT"TJ+Y8SG_M6F197DUM8UU-L
M5,=CD>5AE;V4^;7E1NK\DK9P_N9 6IE-,5>F]?/+[5-6E3 OLM+T[G%M+M@4?,L?7A6Y@W&404
MS,P FX\ZP\,,C+L4"^!P6?'1$BZ>IRWJ8MNEN
M4U=O!I02Y*&YI:PP[348Z]/-SSH(X'OYA\0S(X_,RM:$'@"9;4"TKSO?<3;6
M*P@M$YR]SK%51M`SF*J8V1`#$09B#"028(&+@Y^@I)_@)[/"_.Q/N.^!T7'D
M=M`S^B4A!B(,Q!A()$!Q"I0M.T77:)\C1MZ:\'/(D6//U0SL.<=9#0X&&A)J
M2*0AL88D,J+X`$4F^_`_! 3>0!N\T)-*06$,2&5&\@Q;Y$[QC5E3O.(*\\Y%W
M`VGP3D,B#8DU))$1Q3LVQ&D/@QE[6K;G(GO>5R`L:+!$GW&AZ?-'`;.A^B80
M?VPJ`R(K=:EZ&Y*D!Y44D:252HHIDHM:7T*2QB>4$B?H('* KV/:2F'(DY
M$"P'UDNQ0FH.2=8"R3FB6:.>NV*-:1:28D*SQDRKL6+#RO18\=%&B16'9%D]
MH','MEBFJ&J! 7B&8A'< ();+%.D9>'1!B2K`5R,YK$BB>Q$I(EG4L-&1O1I)#](%1\
MH%-")2!97K:'DAVPEP.:O#P4A9!FC2U$R(NT-9:/:%H4"\*CX=*K#C4O9CI3AG8&`DU)-*06$,2&5'/#'FYX\R,C9[?`I+SZWNH,00V
M9T'[Z&LHU*%(AV(=2A1(=8:-7],3((8UN:XYI-2UB_05V&*=6M>HR84T"^D^
MHEEC^Q):I7;T4;])2%O^V&_44,'I[P@58Z.\"TC)NXO\"VS.4A\;OE;7)`O%
M/:)M:75-VAHKMHMH0ML:5:O$RKEKQNW8:JP$),M*&T;Z97#\<6SSL:I(%NY:
MT216/(F5D"SI7&JD[AIQF2J0JGI(494VC`@64A727DBS4&U%)&N):BLF63CN
M" 72&%GUPJZ*X'_MW6:`AWNL1X>-%`C?P_U6-VI@W(%[+XKOKN'=LF[G:PV7(?`9C[[&JVOX+
M;&T-MZN[_P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`&=8N5IZ`P``V0H``!D```!X
M;"]W;W)K &ULK%;;CILP$'VOU']`O&^XA)`-2K)*
M`MNNU$I5U SQ]>RL)ZQHP3
M6BUL;^3:%JY2FI%JO[!__GB\N[ &&_8FX_+#]^F)\H._`<8V$!
M0\47=BY$'3D.3W-+%Z"TY6YN#/J2I(QRNA,CH'.44#/GF3-S@&DYSPAD(&VW
M&-XM[)47)9YK.\MY8]`O@D^\]]_B.3U]8B3[0BH,;D.=9`6VE!YDZ%,F(5CL
M&*L?FPI\8U:&=^A8B._T]!F3?2Z@W!/(2"869:\QYBDX"C0C?R*94EJ``/BU
M2B);`QQ!+\WU1#*1+^QQ.)I,W;$'X=86 B;QPY$7N.$-'/"V1@A \$X.1^746!0C@99S1D\6]!VHYC627>Q%P-MZ
MHS+IW/J;6>"2)%E)EH4-'PSXP*'"S\OI_7CN/$-5TG/,VHSQ](A-&R%+(&GC
M(9#T``<2Z+(`5_]#%I)%9M&^?]T"E[3\@>0VHET2#X&D!VB2Q[KDZ\W8^BN#
MH>WZ_H8S7 HD`DD/T-1-;U$G@W5U"@F"YLOV76^B5W;3/6_=C0TD48@/7W#7(D%X(=+D
MRLG;VY3>+JT,UN4JQ+]OY88#N>IY%Q""1GSIDF]D*CB86@OEBU@XZFT"DB
M)^EA3=5LN)+$&`2J_5-RZ#DH!"QO+=T82&P@B4+`9%BEB83Y^N\J&Q)=YAGJ
MR320V$#DM)?Y!M*C=F`$X;0KDY*N!KJ:5B5F>[S!11W:'216
MODQ]@*_E`>,:[D>P/5^)'T>P+YKX*HA6(-U\L`XBV*>NX),(=@S`G4X1'"QJ
MM,=?$=N3BEL%WD$N;M,N3!U-U(V@-3@-QPLJX$C1_,WA"(EA++HC\&U'J6AO
MY`NZ0^GR#P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`*;PKQ2L!P``WB$``!D```!X
M;"]W;W)K &ULK%I-;]M&$+T7Z'\0>(\H?DBV!,N!
MQ=VT`5J@*-+V3%.415@2!9*.DW_?&>Z2.[-+BW*02Q0]S@[?O!W.HTC???QV
M/$R^YE5=E*>U%TQGWB0_9>6V.#VMO7^^?/IPZTWJ)CUMTT-YRM?>][SV/M[_
M^LO=:UD]U_L\;R:0X52OO7W3G%>^7V?[_)C6T_* _/E=Y
MNFT7'0]^.)LM_&-:G#R5855=DZ/T`?[UOCC77;9C
M=DVZ8UH]OYP_9.7Q#"D>BT/1?&^3>I-CMOK\="JK]/$`=7\+XC3K :
M_']2[\O7WZIB^T=QRD%MV"?R?,;0SUN$8+'OK/[4[L!?U62;[]*70_-W
M^?I[7CSM&]CN.52$A:VVWT5>9Z`HI)F&1%&%L;C@;I>,4IV2S+[+G30DRP#4ZP#*"J:!F!>;@
M)!42&XXZ9-%.DG`6Q%Q182^0]H*H7\#HH^/;PVX!Y`?XPM#N".,J3E@CB#NOV1/4*7F4G)ZH$KAM9SN0P,YF4HA.AN`\(&
M)`$8DP! S"1'5U2P/1+GY+9?0@4M6(RLJQ6#$*HBK;B$`+@E8P,9(B7&6T$3$NLC(A)K*&X$3&
MSF)G+`^ZER-R'V5$[B&:WLQS7A2Z$"EJ1&3E6:P88F/*K`,;$0XB*Y7U(QNID#9%.=A#A
M()(BG,^`]XUW U_PHF1%.$TT6@(S _OU=SUQS8O3F5*WAZ0.BB"<6>Z
M8V[FG'*A/I7I*G4^:YV9#'R[T+&NWR[E;ZQ]M.6US]WTWFC(J"Y"!Y(,XIS0
MH:[GI/R,<5(0E]?,+LU2KX-I3N2UKFT1=JF,O(/KS-7.2T&O(J7\6`,IPV,5
M:@]D@VEN)H 2"/LH4V,/D84+ W&^E*>@?O8[Y`(LU@U*H@^!M)1!!(N)!G$N:+-65RQ
MV'$1T^`+:T0F>B'CWR_L&DRR*,[? $CO
MC7!2-D6'4Z2@&/:+M)AQ4S5INR@SKQQ$4H1S1$>YGJ/V'S,;-Y$VJ;A["&I[
MG0GHVEVXD-00OQU=F%R#/
M+;([)A.GC*Y"*-LS\ZI'TOCJP9Y""HH-TT1'$4BXD-00"`[;PJC&/\/!VB1\
MNFN(,'40X2"R0^!:)"J_< $*NWF\>\>LJ3_'"H)UGY@B]_X?G9_5T/JS?3FRA:X3R&G7*.Q'"DE=0Y
M,H &ULK%A;;ZM&$'ZOU/^`>#_&X$MB9/O(!M(>J96J
MZK1]QGAMHP!KL9LX^?>=82_L+IS(C?IBPL P[8M27YL3.JJR":3I=!G9>-+SS$
M[3T^Z.E4%B2EQ4M-&BZ ON5E.BIH!0'`KU>7V!J0D?RM>][*([_`7ZM).)\N@>T=".-/)7KTO>*%<5K_(SG2
MD_`121_PE#ZBU=W&,VD,3Q7` 4(4:?Z^`7I8C*E$,99*Z
M0&8`5LC0"F;(XZVL\HODC0^_.K]1.+6SMQ< 8DF*7GI`,E,Q!(#G6TF^Y-BT$LG1H6P%\@,
M:FQ$/G J
M,M>@[QXK?CP0&*O=2)RP(ZA`D6P'*A$8S"CWPBFW($60!H.TM$FI)JFZ9!HQ
MS1ZTF24#9LK],I!LRQ`(3!8CP$M.N".];]4L3^!BN\2MP^E)!=E[Z518-)
MEE,7IPW3GJ7<9SUDUJ5O35L,[F^&F$^M6+A].5-(0E:Y(F='3I2=5:[(:=!4
MN^H5RO%LN[YE;86XZ1D*/U[30F0[G2>A!UW!1+*BOH52!9D31!@*EAT3;F=&
M3)_+NM@3(3TJ,7L\\T/T,&Z_*$7]C)2-)4AXM#=8[@ZB72GGF40 XR3+@-(AA/ 05_PKK2"C4ZC^AZWZXX*#K['^QV6P<6C&,ZW(_@LAH/E$-_-XQW$.?RP
MG\=P>!O!%S$ X\Q.XB4PGT$TG2KEZ@:$#_5^$[;\```#__P,`4$L#
M!!0`!@`(````(0`%-%RXG0(``)\&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T V+P8?/WW=N/JRNGV2-'KDV0C49CH(0(]XPE8NFS/#/'W=7"XR,
MI4U.:]7P##]S@Z_7'S^L#DKO3,6Y1I4+B,"E'6E>9'@3I3=S3-:K+C^_!#^8T3LRE3I\UB+_
M*AH.R88RN0)LE=HYZ'WN3'"8G)V^ZPKP3:..J8F*K!`5B1%*XS("'TJ7L>1&ZK#,>S8#&=3F:+.=!LN;%W
MPG%BQ/;&*OG;HZ*>R[/$/0L\>Y9D%DSG81*!Z"LDQ'O4!7A++5VOM#H@:!J0
M-"UU+1BE0'PY(@C%83 U\EROB*/D#K68VX\!M8!$PT(`J*#
M,JB]7=F!G;++K7/EQAO&,O%EF>0],@Z<85@'Y^,H''B]LL=,NH89QS-YCY`#
M0\K'2N>I]*`$BCNXDRP7@SLGV030.)M=A\[`^/^"NE.=&T->>\LXL 5ES
M=JX93U_5=*=.-7O+6',2_DW[29SS9#2TO^0'4I&H-J7@!E
M&+AYH/V$\1NK6O`R,!BZUPI^!!PN01@`N%#*'CF8ISBX#0F`Q7UK9S0@RKN*0F4BUOX*10
M6E(+2UT2TVI. 9'A53Q?CS!9+GQ^?@M^-&?/R%3J^$6+
M_)MH."0;RN0*L%5JYZ0/N=N"R^3J]L87X+M&.2_HOK8_U/$K%V5EH=HI!.3B
MFN?/]]PP2"A@HB1U)*9J,`"_2`K7&9`0^N3_CR*W58:'XRB=#(8QR-&6&[L1
M#HD1VQNKY)\@BD^H`$E.D"&X/YTG43)-XW3\?PH)CGR`]]32Y4*K(X*F@7>:
MEKH6C.=`[B(+/OI8WPL58G20E:-D&+H=HC!0GL-REB[(`5+*3I*[:TE\J5AW
M"E(*]6K_#H;9MS[I#V"86EKR1ZI+T1A4\P*0@V@"L>LPCF%A5>M;>JLL
MC)%_K."KR:$1!A&("Z5LMW!MUG^'EW\!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!3
M?%J2G@X``$Y,```8````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &ULG)Q;;^,X
M$H7?%]C_$/C=L:FK'71Z,#))2'W>/V_?E^\I]_
MZ^EB 'C9O*T/M[N/S;MI>=KMW]9'\\_]\^SPL=^L'[NDM]=9,I\7L[?U]GWB
M>KC;G]/'[NEI^["1NX?O;YOWH^MDOWE='\WQ'UZV'X>^M[>'_NDXG-V\/=^WS^VZ__O9JQOVGR-8/?=_=/Z#[M^W#?G?8
M/1UO37 C**FF]LDMST][%[-`9@_;]ZVMC2,
M(NL_NY\_MH_'E_M)6MSFY3P5)OSFV^9PU%O;Y>3FX?OAN'O[GPL2U)7K)*%.
MS$_J)$DN[B2E3LQ/WTDIYLNT//](,NK$9/A.LB0O%Y>,IZ!>S$_J162W(IL7
M%VA24A_F9W\DYN#.%-3,SNZLF)_]`2PO/8`E]6%^]GV( %C;=*8
M>BPFCV.:L9@BCFG'8LHA9F;.Q'`ZS(0+3\?XI.]5M\%6=;L(V--0.6`^;M!8
MS.?#!W4QJS-BY!DQBG^X/B.I/B.F.2.F/1T3*6I6G_,5MA\06PP$T2P\58NQ@]GQ8'D0'&@>V#77,%K
MQC62XF6>+5@U-'UVOX*T+",/SE&DA=E(0RWLMI$:JW-ZO;))7!.VOE _?.`VB0^:H%EI#^K!;/17BZ)3>*2L#VZ +G '879HG$F(4
M$#T05QYLN:36OCK2Q2)A*VHS=."+PQU(D)3^K#:L^0IT.;8@$:\1Q%.7Y5TD!J(`V0-B21`LE5KK3+8JZ43^6*@ORQ
MKP;2;9_QQB"'QJ%`@&@@-1%7(`M19@LV !TM&/&K"/2H%^=&OB%!%9/,%
MDU!"B@*B@=1`&B!M2&(!KC*AR8@)3;@)I:!0`.X5Y1`SLH*HH;%?0320F@C5
MALC*@BW2TF.,7[E@ 4JX40"44`TD)H(*3$WWZJ#L>"?U)[*B96P
M1N]\)9PMC)5@I5HEW#NN@$@@"H@&4A-Q2F29\5@Y]^"0U)Y,BK2P=P#/UZ*+
MCJW%@AU-13'!]``B@2@@&D@-I"'BQ)DFI3#?/ I*DZ#47
MW%A03"B'R_)$0HP"HH'40!HB)$>:S!);XC=JM
M%Q24C7]#[7IPC ED[H*(99ZQ&=U$,=,B
M,U )L9R7N5=TQ'OFL*, Z(1[_+3\.(9;I(>'G(**(0Z.0H
MP,NKHY1$E&6>\@=[:LAJ@+0AB:6ZRMRF8^:6S8:*@OQH5@.QTV?*IIL<6OOI
MIH#H@=@>V)5T'35.V7+=#*U]]VU(8E$N,KSIB.&%)Q\H*!2#NU`),0J('DAW
MJ31GZUE-S:Y,R\Q\C\4F=3-TX&5P!T(Y]F:E7U]C6:[RONF(]Q7LW%<4%,H#
MWA=B%!!-A!:6N1G^LF07735D-4#:D,0:6'L8[%[GW2I(G:F,=S%V[BH*"C7@
M7E1"C`*B!S(Z1UR7M(Z)!?<5S9#MZX.E+/W)BZ5A]O=,:49LXIT#@_E#=4!.,-]B<9@%/E, .W(G'^-U@YX4H*"PO)P:9Y(B%%`]$"Z
MM8.9H)I:G3Y)EI4+>$YBZ,`7B#L0G[0,;IO'^EQE9;,1*RO8D5<4Y-58`9%`
M%!!-Q`TF-4]\Y!E;QFM(:H"T(8DE8,[US$DRXF`SOTK3)'%!H02 Y3?4[J-8W5N 0U(#I`U)+`&SIF<6R(A%A6 B*TL+ZX#$*8C01-WY[
M8XE_'UA#3@.D#4FL@/5JEV\QSN%%6PP_KBH+;>!T]!*80D))7)(G"F)TU+&Y
M$0"/7-20TP!I0Q)+ ESE3?,1;PI?\5%0J`=WJY)B_,AB7ZZ@#PVD!M(`:4,2C]]ZM(N7C=PY
MNWC9\$NSLQT4%([?I7DB(48!T4!J(DZUW'Q_L62;>@,Y[:F<6)&KO&@^XD7Y
MT]85!?GQKX!((&H@=E==Y.S"1`_-_:Y9`VF`M"&)AV\MV>4%X8Q<7!!LX:IR
M[C%70"00!40#J8FX@C`W2\VM+*B(T&J:7X?-X7?*VJB7-%_,S>^,#?,Q%NDJ
M.YJ/V5%FHRL*"FL$["C$*").@"SG=XHU9-1`&B!M2.+Q,R]Z^C9[/N)!X;D`
M"@K'S5VIA!@%1`.IB5!QS'-3'FP.-9#4GDR*M;C*>N8CUC-CAU514*@)-YH2
M8A00#:0F0BOH RHD585;TD^H8L:#P7$#.W>0*B`2B@&@@-1&J
MCB(5_`Y"`SGMJ9Q8B:L `#%^'&O@$@@"H@&4@-IB#AMIN8:
MKA`YGSKM)T&Q',Q_?B('^DY^&[\JN,E&J)W/L=Y^$I
M*!30&5U/),0H(!I(3<2]6T`(\QOP[.0UD-.>RHE+B9G83TIIQ+SFS#]6!9A7
M(NY4&\_%!R"C@'(^#[X?Z=1544">%DQ]';6;6C-O,.!GJ*88?SX:(&U(8IVN
M\K'%B(_-V25Y14'NX9LI^]YF-;3V\TH"44#T0.S<8Q.FCAKA&8"AM?_`-B2Q
M*,S CU;PG"9[ZS?DE,07YD[4:B!W2U$_PKD#DT-H?M0*B!V)[*-AIJ*/6
M*3^@9FCN/\"^[VGXO3DGBWM]DWN3SMMF_[Q9;5Y?#S ?1JH,-K
MHWY-[+L_&%?B3G5\-C28MSE]K)\W_UCOG[?OAYO7S9/I YRZO[Z8]W9MS)M@YK SIET=-JM=?:CNY[^J9O[;P]__=O=>'[\W+U75
MSB#"H;F?O[3MZ^URV:Q?JOVJN:E?JP/<>:J/^U4+?QZ?E\WKL5IMNH?VNZ5,
MDFRY7VT/ YP2HWYZVJZKK_7Z;5\=6@QRK':K%O@W+]O7YA1MOYX2;K\Z
M?G][7:SK_2N$>-SNMNVO+NA\ME_?_OY\J(^KQQW,^Z?0J_4I=O?'(/Q^NS[6
M3?W4WD"X)1(=SMDN[1(B/=QMMC`#E_;9L7JZGW\1MV6:SY=UV"_MQ6[TWT
M_[/FI7[_QW&[^=?V4$&VH4ZN`H]U_=U!?]^X2_#P U?7YIH=PIS,A-[';SZVO5K"&C$.9&IB[2NMX!`?CW;+]UK0$96?WL
M_ON^W;0O]W.5W:0F40+@L\>J:;]M7 O*M:"XA$J`?1ZCC#QF.-XTD]4'-A1<45PW`J\
M`+%[;I*-.X(P/80P@0Q-9^+`4.AH8)%F?5PDAQC=LRVC"V1D? N)!AIA#)9$G)'Z$$7QXEQ;:1@E5TNE7N()XAQ
M*!`3)2BZ0!ADE,'ED1V8)@BFSTJ#F`R[64B99V'NF!^"D$H:I?L8A)NYAIL#
M O_ ?,!Y:9@=)<8\86+Z1LR!C5X(
MQ""_3$@5"N@[,`;`7E3H@*`YAH3RXO"#^W3>[_(N*D*!$6N
M&E^A!;S*(,280["E5W@0UD:*+,L8HB2(A9"@,B+T*.5WE4F(,9=@Q2D\"/D)
ME1EM6`)+`EEHK1,9[1\(0 6GB09R>$52+:?_$TQJ 2 YA2AD#%CFP
M"_I#R3%[^*#QAK803]N3BV4?VEZHQ+#54TJ"R:W6F0W+AS)DYO`!0Y1TF'Y0
M-L.R4[C7:7".2-GB*W3TJY1?HF+3XH7,^_S$RK^`C8]FY2U]&+\XI//^L'XH
MO4_)OT1EIS1#^CU-!)U(V,1P`?9A+OJ39,XPS9^ZI[B$L.$+#^+#=^Q+?_/$
M7J56A`G2%#)OF,APQ"-XEQ<206<8XDUD*'*MHAT\(>A>D:?K1X=FJ1OL?#UH
MG)B_B<2T38*Q4%I7F8(:>6W(0U-CRWF0+YJU0C)$21'29CKR/4K/Z?=DU54.
MS;XRY$SP"P^*9".^0D=W^AN-/JVI%*HV69 &(`>3!]WP9$<2']]QBY;>Y2,_V%]/]B011VFD*N?XK!&$*99X(V%XR
M`R60U$BPL.!A-)%7.80:<8C!9S0GY9GL`_G%[L( JL&W"`*![WEI_%6(\KS*./2(<=B0`>Q$#_)%E%!FU@HE
M1:@D@VW7F31>91P:C8/H#!"R$_`E3K*%7A($XT_9,5/Y@!U:`7`,>W7^DEKHDYF :+0TQPQLRHT@J*-27R%
MLOB4'6A4<=KEK$L*#_)]9'+XI6.P"C%.1Y328N(_,3DC)L"_X18Z%GBCX`>J
M`:L8H6221Y^:*$MF`!-9CAA!M)GP"A:K?*:43(,\^49#Q#!WZ:=TOWN*ZCY\
MHNTE$5EY$)94F02(441)$%*F$G[^ZR$D>2F3_6G)ZY[B-+G\>Y"G*6%+R292
M>L1(\IC:3V0U5'T9_>CIDX<4'J1MZ!"@\)X8@/.@0ANU8NR-#[ML`WA0ZC[0;>>&!(#PPLZ^.SU59[7;-
M;%V_N:@UTOX(!2=YIGV=^`\T&OJ^?JC]7Q>7MH9KOJ
M"4(F-P8:[8@GC/"/MG[MCND\UBVG/]S)F?YL
MV F]'0J^LG47N/3&DNFY1$?D@\
MUF0RYTV9DM^_[JX^$4\;VN2TE@U+R3/3Y'K]\",H;8A$2]18,610\8[ `B>H>MBU5YD4+4!L> :E\$R`*3U*N>@`&WW%"M2LHF2FR@F
MP7K5&?2'L[T>??=T)?=?%,^_\8:!V]`G[,!6R@=,O#H]-W70=^*"]G
M!=W5YJ? P:*4%B2/]\RG8&C`./',T3*9`T%P* ]!NR
M=4MQ>J($@`\U682ARG-%0G4(LD&4E,"@`K\&9Q_7B)PWAD:9\$8(.G<73&51B1M[N*R1W[8&L?<7R-
MSC@[=ZE0`Q;QJ?)QMX[P?`+[/V6ENP[525OM%>S
M`C!#?P%RE+TY[(.1+10*VU\:V/C=UPIN>`:;,$3MA93F\(!WT_"?8?T/``#_
M_P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`_-)`'L0(```P'```8````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M &ULE%5=;]LP#'P?L/\@Z+V6[:1I8\0ITA7=!FS`,.SC69%E
M6ZAE&9+2M/]^I)5X=M-N[4L2,Z?C\4C1JZL'W9![:9TR;4Z3**9$ML(4JJUR
M^O/'[=DE)=QEC3M12 9
M3K;P3VFLYAX>;<5<9R4O^D.Z86DL#B94-
M]Z#?U:IS1S8M7D.GN;W;=6?"Z`XHMJI1_K$GI42+['/5&LNW#=3]D,RY.'+W
M#R?T6@EKG"E]!'0L"#VM> 4K5>]/[^4W+O1
M;^)JL_]H5?%%M1+,AC9A`[;&W"'T ^CV.12$=67%XXUT`@P%FB@]1R9A&A``GT0KG`PPA#_D-(7$JO!U3F>+Z/PB
MGB4`)UOI_*U"2DK$SGFC?P=0THL*7+VT&^[Y>F7-GD"[`>TZCL.39$",FF90
M66`85+XD$M0AR099US.?)D*+
MYR^V_5@7'H*>3#,^M?0`@J_!T['O$U M_MHO_CL`>&J:X!"9U)+^''Z+#T-BG.
M[-/X/-OTRY`-?\`RZG@EOW);J=:11I9`&4<74(L-ZRP\>-.! &ULK%U=C]PXDGQ?
MX/Y#H]^WNU2J3\/VPA8Y=POL`H?#WMUSN;ML%Z:[J]%5'L_\^PV*I)*127=9
MPKR,QY%)*C*99%`JB7[[M]\?'ZY^V[^G=]?-S>SZ:O]T=[P_/'UY=_V_
M__KEKYOKJ]-Y]W2_>S@^[=]=_[$_7?_M_7_\Y>WWX\NOIZ_[_?D*/3R=WEU_
M/9^?W]S>GNZ^[A]WIYOC\_X)EL_'E\?=&7]]^7)[>G[9[^[[1H\/M_/9;'7[
MN#L\7<<>WKS\3!_'SY\/=WMWO/OVN'\ZQTY>]@^[,_B?OAZ>3[FWQ[N?Z>YQ
M]_+KM^>_WAT?G]'%I\/#X?Q'W^GUU>/=F[]_>3J^[#X](.[?F\7N+O?=_\5T
M_WBX>SF>CI_/-^CN-A*U,6]OM[?HZ?W;^P,B"&F_>ME_?G?]H7GCF_GL^O;]
MVSY#_W?8?S\5_W]U^GK\_I\OA_M_')[V2#CF9KX,/=T=
M'T``_[UZ/(3:0$IVO_=_?C_ GFE99M:XL_4LEG?K)O9MKW0$-WV
MO/%G;KAX]9*W,?`^CVYWWKU_^W+\?H7J1&BGYUVH]>8->LL)C*2'E/XHHTAE
MZ.1#Z.7=-:85DG5"'?SV?CYOWM[^AJ&[2SX?K8_RZ+)'&*?0K=.`+X!;!#!$
M@=3_"5&$7D(4^?H?,U"$Q4%UV2,W<1KP!4"4,>8EY7K%YOP&9]1FF=]FQE0^
M1I_Y=J#?&<09Q)$JKU1&=&HQ^W_LU`U.0ZH-XDN$@D%E
M_WRR@W//.5_I8T3*U!K$&<27"+%9C6$3G)E-1$HV!G$&\25";-;,9N)`AUZ8
M9D1:3-EB5.= \*(286'+-#XV$5)EL]+\!Z_ ,J-CJG@U 8*8?]`;S7^&3D>N<4W4+ *(HH4T4RZ51:%@5QC($\0 Q2PR*!SD*>(.8?9*7@?R&G482(9H0*`EUC(& DM.A888\>3'_(#6*?[B_&KGXSJ-B$?]!Q$K^>HN9&A;SU%G($\3\@_H4
M_%]?*,*S&B5R"2H(=!9R%O($,:>*HDW8. LLY`DB3F&>E^, ASXSQ?Z
M;D*\)(#85U$FGKPX@%&"UEI!2U!QM (.94$;1F>1,T[?SU?KQR,2
M@B6K4K\M?C>)OZ:T5LX2M!BF3Y>=5O'GEEFC]F#.-/&FB6P[.8A1JM9:5 (:"Z4T%5RBMU<3FKOS7J6(*P,!4M]>Y/;( #!7F]L\Q>:%]XJ;V2RUZRA'N!
MRH:R(>`8@]+]]/YS$76QW'\FB(=+*V5R"K=&12Q*CMS0E0Q7O!ZW6\J2Q:$$
MZ?KY4*+042@)DM+O%A'"?7+FY"SD"6).0>`*3M-***HD48T097VII_(BM:-)
MLE13R24O6<1\O9U,+HY0Z>V%^6YE-3R3#KN7,NL1PIVH9#U!,A`^-8Q>S*DF
MHF/7^X55T`1QUF7QZ!>=+CF%6U:I]:6:W6[H*D?HZ^UDOG.$2F5U7?WK^/PC
M12M77ZN^BPB5ZFLA9R%/$'.MJN_HQQX+J[\)HAW9?"DK71J0V!!>.==.&F;(
M$\3\E?#VN9[PT'QA)3E!O"5;FM4S-BS&Q$E#":#TH@"6HR2Y]V9)3E!!H+.0
MLY`GB#E5M75T42RMNB:(BJ)5TZ\3IYP_9R%/$--7LMG71-C5CWR6M[2"FB!5
M$THK._&2`&)?Q2AY\N(`1HGETHIE@HJK=19R%O($,:>@5T8LQ^ RCX@+A7A)3H>&&?+DQ?R#1BG^N,$:'T#4NE+OEQ'BHEAIP1>OS-99
MR!/$`2C=?%W+EU8@$T1%$;T*R%DO3Q!SJBK=^)Q:J5LFJ4-MBU"OU/:H$R_)
MZ=`P0YZ\F']%_;83:L*JWS+I&J9]P5^V::FH!Z],UDG##'F"F+]2OPLU835N
M6>I2XF0@9[T\0<0I_+JJ)]J$UUWZ;ECI$L0+Q4+/,_'*"706\@0Q_XKX37@U
M8V7%+T%JG=!;5/$2_K&O8IIZ\F+^2OU>KXF5U;@$%5?K+.0LY`EB3DK0>D7>
MCE?DE96Z!*FDZBV%>$E28U]%F)Z\.`"E?A>2:D5NE;1*'@5T%G(6\@0QIXJB
M-6%3-W*;L[**EB"55+G=B2N%>$E2!RG,D" &%RY$SK^V%-2Y"::?J&0KQR!IV%
M/$$OM96N!)5)M9"SD">(.2F=BD])QN?4"M@Z0CS3UOJ&0KPDIT/#
M#'GR8OXU39MPE[FVFI8@+HJUWNB(5V;K+.0)X@!&:=K::EJ"J"B,S#GKY0EB
M3C5-F_`X)_QZI'YU39!*JKZC$"])JM4T\N(`1FG:VFI:@BBIT:N`G/7R!#&G
M/T?3UE;3$J1FFK[+$2_):>P+#3/DR8OYUS1M2E%835L/TE1HVEIOR<4KLW46
M\@1Q`*,T;6TU+4%%!706 D8O7D%,+>8*8
MOY*T(!\3;MTW5NL2I!8*O?D5+^$?^RI&R9,7\U?R][HD;ZS*):BX6F $E.
MDQX6XD%>S+\F?F%9&5O45OTV2<0P-^49WT;O,\5+`A@:9LB3%P>@U.]"45B-
MVPP:EZ_66 *%8J-WF>(U\+>0)XCY*_%[O2:V5N,25(J'A9R%/$',20G:Q)K86J5+
MD*H)O *@J]RQ0OR>G0,$.>O)A_1?TF
M["BV5OT2I&I"[S+%*Y-U%O($,7^E?A=JPFK ,X3.DG+8N8_C6MC\9QKZJG#WD+3RP3YT/C40B59:5
MU+U>P ,XK956V2,1;Q"\28GHAFPLJGL!%5(H\2O
MF5GURQ@L!56]X>O8PDTRW5<1,J^)$1+FS/.]0=)66[4SJ504T2EV;F977`2OG43N3*L\+6&Q*8]3.5'$B
MHL&M"&G`BC%:2L&JD)0X7QHC*\+-+&+E&+4SN5Z.*+4LQZB=R6S(\RAW5@14
M;2EEK0+"!JW>.'PE0)29)6B3R1;$?ITXDLX^V%8
MB=N9FN4((#8-7]2*FSX*#$$EM^(=]@'CIC(Y5:07=@@_]]IW4SN`)A\D(RE'
M7%'M\;%=KB,$83`,38DIQFH?,/'NK$$-F4F3,+H_PQF!^L@1<2NBB-V5M^WY
M$A%3401=U=-APA.^)ATMPS,BBC9M?=O&K&9T*DV:Z!;#8`S=(5P5QCC!3^?(
M,-DHQ[3US>?-R,T&RL3X@5F)*69!%/^4!"=UE0>W.`(J8BK!2@=0[8-;420SA_YC7[T]R`?-8)TM!,9L#\1-*MAB_>&O4F,QC'B8
M:SR$]''_\F7?[1\>3E=WQV_AH-9PI_3^[8#' "`QQE56SC)%P\4*K8M
MFN'A?LV"1GC$7K,@]7AX7;,@\7@J7+,@[7@V6[,@Z7CJ6;%LT`:_4-8L:(/?
M"6L6Y!N_P-4LR#=^VJI9D&_\P%2S(-_XZ:9B6:,-WK*H6=`&[SI4+!OD&IN!
MF@6YQN_S-0MRC5_):Q;D&K\_5RQKM,'+8C4+VN`MK)H%N ,=B+,@HMCRU
MWI!1'&E1LR"C.%BB8EG`@H]>*Y8Y++@7K%F049Q;5+,@HS@]J&)ID5& IXL@@``*$G
M```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T [J[I-@J/[,ID<5Y5/
M?70=!WSW\_?C8?0MK^JB/*W'T 6GV_&H;K+3/CN4
MIWP]_I'7XY_O__VON[>R^EJ_Y'DS@@BG>CU^:9KS:C*I=R_Y,:MORG-^@BM/
M977,&OBU>I[4YRK/]JW3\3")I]/YY)@5I[&)L*JNB5$^/16[/"UWK\?\U)@@
M57[(&N!?OQ3GVD8[[JX)=\RJKZ_GGW;E\0PA'HM#T?QH@XY'Q]WJM^=3666/
M!\C[>Y1D.QN[_24(?RQV55F73\T-A)L8HF'.R\ER`I'N[_8%9(!E'U7YTWK\
M$*UTLAA/[N_:`OU=Y&\U^_^H?BG??JF*_>_%*8=J0Y^P`X]E^15-?]LC!,Z3
MP/M+VX$_J]$^?\I>#\U_RK=?\^+YI8%VSR`C3&RU_Y'F]0XJ"F%NXAE&VI4'
M(`#_CHX%C@94)/O>_GPK]LW+>AS/;F:+J8K`?/28U\V7`D..1[O7NBF/_QBC
MB$*9(#$%@9\41,T'!U$4!'Y2D&AQD\2SQ6U+Y9W;)^0)/YWG(IHNU0)R>,<1
MKK;)PT_KR)(/'2>F>&TOTJS)[N^J\FT$`P[EJ@S_=O6-HZFD
MLC$V\;*COPV0-$`T1P0_&$G.[Y.#@5%@M.`N'?-P,HR16@JC6YG>MC/J2AT@
MFB,B&9CL()DE@`/'',.TV5@.&X,H:#++;^E1[XRL6QH@FB."^EQ2?W].T%@2
M-`@0M/?>!D@:()HC@LU"LC%3<8/+JGDI=E\W)90!#FD/2P5KP2P+C"%)&B1Q
M',EDWJZ2>!HELJ*I?UUUUP5;?%1@RZV'%4B%I87&DA8A/4&OM
M,<`BHT&PA>T2V%A(SK:_N,A*P3IP95?>
M"4C[K=P1D`FAX+R3T%_E&0KXT;BCH'CS3E#2/G32/!@K!J6AE1:0Y(IZXG&=
MPP@.5(W(R!+ 4%L8)!]H]ZU[_P&D42M2T$RT^K/[*BSHK5],`TL)*\D?I
M8?P_J"D)%6^]@5BUME$`I2&D!20YH;PP3EC3S\PIZ1TG:R`@RVOJ*<0VZJQ<
M30-("RO)'R6&\?^@IB1(G*:!1$T#*(T"2`M(>3&VM'TQ!9Z64]PR1=J%L*KK?SSU5R%0^D+>K'I#AT2!H!$&\
M$?'"M9T:8:RPTEV*\=*S2BD\:Y=VD'-4ZL(S48RR=/5Q;:V],V!TC;=+*?_9
M@_R069>+2KRFIF3ECI/N][OP-(*?%`U(Q:@:%YTV`&37?DY&33!6K+PI63%(
M"TB.$,K1]>4UXB4X&4B4-_&?+6)K9.MZBD;>!$6"Y#A[S=W&
MQDJ,LTJ"<>ZL;"JZW]')EDP&I8HE\[E-;_1.Y&@@WH:>$TM^?"GUG%@;RF78
MXZ<2MYAEABA\+,,/]JN129$*0;Q=*O%6YQ8^>L*UA0>0G=B@763EQ$+W.U[8
ML/BW,$_F4^UJ@\BE1)#;)-L`20-$ WA00Q*=`S?Q%28Y,7](0T@*2
M=`?)H`IED"!>T/`!S/K!`G#[8>:4F8;51'>3H?O]W%&0J0Q23_QDPZ\X0;SB
MX=XF1R%-X=YV5G:(M(-X$=R2E,D`B7",!GZ /YCG&^O%V
M]:1H0[D,Z7[<3\TN2)-"'6-'^7/;G,20GW""@$LW:PM?L-J;P\'D1BH<2!.*
M'2[=[^C"RR:BX+$4/]@!:.UURT#N1&SQJQ(T 43'36'MWG&,\N
M[*9DD`BWUMX0&5WF[5%S7]FLGVC/W-U!+R\E@GA[
MHKE;?=0?8R7Z$R[6I+-R,]=!;%;GKOURYCQ--TD-U(XDE'J"@(H[+W,W(Y2B
M\.>?6^!;B_ZV#S"M$FFJTT7(`)#J[,X D9P90E7
MVH2\*_`2TT/[W;>';^#EIO;/(1^/5_#&1@]?M8)7)4+\(5D]F)>D_$`)O#W5
MX["!BO06!.K17PZXL_E;W+]#!+>`+W^`U*2[!"](G;/G_(^L>BY.]>B0/T%K
MINVIK\PK5N:7AKYF>RP;>#4*N@>O_L"K#:.DUC$<62;TO[[7=MI1@;JZ$N"G>-S[CWW^K*\?98->N+:"-7F.)Y$&/&6
MJ4*T58Y__KB_NL'(6-H6M%$MS_$+-_AV]?'#\J#TSM2<6P0,K $/R88D430CDHH6!X9,7\*ARE(P?J?87O+6
M!A+-&VHA?E.+SKRR278)G:1ZM^^NF)(=4&Q%(^R+)\5(LNRA:I6FVP;R?HZG
ME+UR^\4)O11,*Z-*.P$Z$@(]S7E!%@285LM"0`;.=J1YF>-UG&WFF*R6WI]?
M@A_,T6]D:G7XK$7Q5;0 %JEL_F2/(%SK,=L`@:>`R8>
M$`1$!V50NUS9@9VRL]:%L@D;QS+)>9GT/3(.G&-X#L$G<33P!N6`F?I^. =W0SAC-P$T+&;OD%OH,_?+J@[Y'R^Y\US'H.C0YC`J-2*?NZ`&$R_'NL_@```/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A``PDG[3M!```V1$``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULK%C;CIM($'U?:?\!\1YC\`V0[6@,S&ZDK+1:99-G!K=M
M-$!;P-S^?JOH"UU`)C.C?8GCXZI#G;ITT;/]_%P6UB.KFYQ7.]N=S6V+51D_
MYM5Y9__[[?:3;UM-FU;'M.`5V]DOK+$_[W__;?O$Z_OFPEAK`4/5[.Q+VUY#
MQVFR"RO39L:OK()?3KPNTQ:^UF>GN=8L/79.9>%X\_G:*=.\L@5#6+^%@Y].
M><9BGCV4K&H%2 E(;:O,
MPB_GBM?I70&ZG]UEFBGN[LN(OLRSFC?\U,Z`SA&!CC4'3N``TWY[S$$!IMVJ
MV6EGW[AAXOJVL]]V"?J>LZ?&^+_57/C3'W5^_)I7#+(-=QZ
M ^<4J^+@.-J0R!0' @7:
MBX@`ZK>+0&,J0B*D%O[@$(J$$:V%/SCG8VVD96C$R)#?GP!$A@NK_NTZ.FLJ
M1$*D''[?OZ( 38NJ3/NGWLY,)M^,K`K_Q*_3++Z\%8L>28@@(7IE4
M8)$[@N(QE!"(%@.7X##6.:3GO9<8N4S->@B(ON`%HXIH*Z4IAILK=I,A$R^S
M/20$B,NIN(^5K#ZSB!5%8V7\`2^>`;P8:51?BF^ZS`WP`UZ6,:-#W`OA`C*!
M+T)X\Q_C-\OP1ERZAT3+$-ZNQPZ'50COKA.XNX&(NHD;,KF^NM@[^B>X6%_3
M,_LKK\A2MUUX$7^!,*@\OB?`85/W'>JB\0
ME*/_*+/_#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`)P@#%X($``#A#P``&0```'AL
M+W=O 7(>RK"FRBC1XY;YCZGY=__S3\DK:%WK"
MF#G`T-"5>V+L''L>S4^XSNB$G'$#;PZDK3,&C^W1H^<69T4WJ*Z\P/=G7IV5
MC2L8XO81#G(XE#E.2'ZI<BK/5++5^2-T==:^7,Y? &M-F^@KS?4)3EDKM[L.CK,F\))0 #XA3-7&^][`SZJ\17JOSOT!.Y_M*6Q?>RP>`VK!-?@3TA
M+SST6\$A&.Q9HY^[%?B]=0I\R"X5^X-\7E\<1@N:>0$4\L+MX33'-P%&@F
MP90SY:0"`?#7J4M>&N!(]M;]7LN"G59N&$U0Y,\@VMECRIY+SN@Z^84R4O\M
M8E#/)#B"G@-^)<=L,IW[(>(D=P:&_,ESF*@4N:)Q@&.S]R$VSD)!O.LG+ABP*G*)3`ZWH>
MA$OO%98M[V.V=@S2(W8R@J\1ITU,(%4`#Q(8L@#?_X V *!^OJ!#+SN_TK\)&YCL-[
MZ65B(:E``KT@9D-!:'*AWA^7RX-UN0()GJ3<<99N\]R)]]'HHPFD/2?\*-4[
MORT605]^7&T7K <2*A=PP8_+6AM(76?%Q](YOU"D2SVW X.A-82O\9/-BQ^)C1VDA_3V%5JG,C%0Z2').%`64ZI!NG[>30S]4'.?
MUB^:DF;VT*?4)3>/:'#WX(EK^BV(WU#&**%?W#C$:;G&[1'OP,,8CFPVOHGBC;AD
MF411#, \!V&L.AXP8.&727-9,'`1$4Z8T1"*A@^>&--PR""]8Y.^+?LO98
M-M2I\`$L\[MMK!57-/'`^@]M3QC "L8UBC`5DL_OO.\.YSCDDL;/[$L,\-\ S 5QS+.N\FS:4\PY5]T]9Y#U_;@]==VC+?#4KUR0M]?^'5>75V
MF86XO<9&L]]719DVQ5-=GGMFI"U/>0_^=\?JT@EK=7&-N3IO'Y\N'XJFOH")
MA^I4]=\'HZY3%_'GP[EI\X<3\/X6S/)"V!Z^6.;KJFB;KMGW$S#G,4=MSDMO
MZ8&ES6I7`0,,N].6^[5['\39-'2]S6H(T+]5^=QI_SO=L7G^K:UV?U3G$J(-
M>TCT'1D@LWGU/
MRZZ`B(*923A'2T5S`@?@KU-76!H0D?S;\/E8!#-_`=+.0]GUGRJT
MZ#K%4] EB,H_\:7"#D2DW`I_"D6@R"^?1W6#EE=N#
MHP,%^!2: `R6UO&D$B$!&8,S:8FD&F`!P0D"\C"
M3V"!5I"%N/]6`(I62$DE0D*HI":0:0!Q&7*NNSQ>NR*^*+QVX:^,;QCXU)4M
MDPF7TOW$0E(+R72$^#>C_KVS,-`*E!;<17IN5P83FBZ)D!EI*21#;2&9CA`R
M4-EZL!D9F#LWECF:&=@('[8,@6&G\YO2S"122*BE%I+I"'%]05U_O4Y0F#K(
M$#:-AZ9*+"2UD$Q'B#<1]68(I`^^WQA(-$/]9(@1R)D12"DD`VDAF8X0UW'[
M:Y/N]4"B,'60(7I[64AJ(9F.$&^@V'5O,)#1[7%$*]1-AAAQG!MQE$(RCA:2
MZ0CQ/("^T5U_/9"#-'610WHH;2BUH8Q`U"=#">'T`^,OD^Y@%+)
M+!4U -1ND-*FPOD?QPB.1GJ:J![3PH+>1"\[.TRDQ*J?Q(2`^"FJ>4#.Z>
MZ\FP347(,(CFQ9HU7(_FQ:C(-!"F%)51/56CE`HN+HW*^YJ?;3_"D$/@BU94
MJMYYNOC:U-LI\HT"30,II3A*2)F/?%6SE".NN!_FR/8DX5!1'%54I$XJAL:O--'YI+B_-K
M=D`=#*U=.FW,@2J%A+.IA60Z0N./.U"+_QN%S38F*6P&$1?-QQ=)R/5@O*FP
M!VITLX'(I53A9>-Z:MQ2*K@#KZ?"-Z8>;0Z1$@I4X?)1PJ1H"5FGVE!*B:QD
M"M*#H"85)8/+[GHR;#62O#!(S\LL-+9L$G(]FA>C:5(EI;B,*JH^HEQPJVE<
MS$5UU8\-V$96RW.(YDOU),\7DS+R9311*LQ' NKD4MI4&I#&8%H-HQU/50 Q0T#Q\@Q0BP]R+L*7Y=MH JG/GG,H])-\?>JUEK\38EYX?
M\1^:'MYE07W`2QYX=5G"^Q5_`EV];YI>?,$;R)>AF_\!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`
M!@`(````(0">M&6KD@(``%@&```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T ],S;E%P-":'-?6=ADAAM5<4A.HCK?PI51:4@NO
MNB*FTYP6_2;9D#@,YT12T6+/D.FWC,B4VR
MM]!)JN_VW053L@.*G6B$?>Q),9(LNZU:I>FN@;H?HH2R$W?_ \T?.:%V1!@&FU+`14X&)'FI SS^2WXP8R>D:G5X;,6Q5?1
M04&NKJQX
MW'+#(%"@">*98V*J`0/PBZ1PDP&!T(< S-+P,@(XVG%C;X2C
MQ(CMC57RCP=%O2G/U5O;4DM72ZT."-H-:--1-SQ1!L0G3YYATF!'S,9CX'?`1`."@)O!$M@86WHYGI.R`SME%Y>S
MLO$+8YGX99G+]\@X,.0],I\FZ,>UY.\1\B!H1=3I:MG2D<0E#ID
M&4>S`31)$T9CG&;?X,6K4W>*U>WJ;0RY'E :_^Z@`T^ECBM^
M5TL2+H+_5N/V326.*]-JGAKJJ_$GV1\7R77%/_&F,8BIO3NE, I*M^XN%#!_@8'>TXM^HKD1K4,-+H`R#%&K1_FKP+U9UX!R.
MM[)PI/O'&FYP#J,>NL)+I>SI!83)\)^P^@L``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A
M``[Y/TLU`P``30H``!D```!X;"]W;W)K &ULE)9M
M;YLP$,??3]IW0+PO#X$D3112I:NZ3=JD:=K#:P=,L`H8V4[3?OO=V83&D(ST
M#83+W?]W=S9G5G D\4R$9KQ,W]`+7H77*,U;O$O?WK\>;6]>1BM09*7E-
M$_>52O=N_?'#ZL#%DRPH50XHU#)Q"Z6:I>_+M*`5D1YO:`W_Y%Q41,&CV/FR
M$91D.J@J_4D0S/R*L-HU"DMQC0;/ 90PJP+8[@N:)NPF7]^'4]= @(>='W`\M4D;B3T`OC8`;>SI9*] 20-\-.B MS;WS@VOF$G8 F 4ST'@PZ)RY Q5TZ5C?!Z;2;N#_G%_?G<3TQ2&?1M;6UG/9U'DW/(V=#
MY`)>K/]O(0RRD:W%1L[.(^=#Y&P4B4$VLK78R/EY)$[PDQ?$O/BC3(RRF:W%
M9MZ>9R[.,&>CJXE1-K.UV,S%>68(-0T*78Q"=9A-/9HL;/SV&EG[-@2O`388
MQV)8#]N:;.R%X1/VIH]>UO$6Z[`>MIU$-O;",,(7?E#M='0WZ;`>UHPA;-_;
MT>1N2G7S(6Q--O;"3,(#LE_M^%#24;UB40A,-K4_ELSA
M;4ZWBHH=_43+4CHIW^/!/('SJK-V'PV;";LS'A-_]`X=Y0W;T.Q$[
M5DNGI#EH!AZ6(\SG@'E0O(%$X4SG"LYQ_;.`SS8*9U;@@7/.N3H^`-GO/@37
M_P```/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`, &ULE%1=;YLP%'V?M/]@^;T82-(T**1*5W6KM$G3
MM(]GQUS`"L;(=IKVW^_:;A#]DMH7A,WQ.>>>>\WZ\EYUY`Z,E;HO:9:DE$`O
M="7[IJ1_?M^<75!B'>\KWND>2OH`EEYN/G]:'[79VQ;`$63H;4E;YX:",2M:
M4-PF>H`>O]3:*.YP:1IF!P.\"H=4Q_(T/6>*RYY&AL*\AT/7M11PK<5!0>\B
MB8&.._1O6SG8$YL2[Z%3W.P/PYG0:D"*G>RD>PBDE"A1W#:]-GS78=WWV9R+
M$W=8O*!74AAM=>T2I&/1Z,N:5VS%D&FSKB16X&,G!NJ2;K/B:D'99AWR^2OA
M:"?OQ+;Z^-7(ZKOL`&-OD&[+3>>^AMY;?P,'MQ^B8TX* P=LT=WZR-/A)L-Z+MP/WP9`42GSQ%
MAM'E6R;1G2?9>I:2XIRBOL5@[S;+\\6:W6$:XA%S%3'X'#'9BH9K2$-J:6
M7H_GI.S!7AF##U:NXL94)G]=9O81&0_&O"?FE_/ER!N5(V8>XI[6,_^(D`=C
M+Z9*^7+U3.D1A*6.64Y!3]+$T9BFZ1L\6[XY=:=8_:E@8\SU<>=)L!?I:"QJ
MQMF/`Z;`-/`%NLX2H0]^KG. ;,,=8.,'O`H#;^`'-XWL
M+>F@1LHT\;68>)GBPNDAC/5..[P$X;7%?Q[@G*8)@FNMW6GAK^OX%]W\!P``
M__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`4S9V&&H"``"*!0``&0```'AL+W=O 0H;,%;9SK
M.OQ2::.XPZ.IF>T-\#)<4BW+1J,94UQV-#+DYBT )FN^NOA%8]4FQD*]TID%*B1/Y0=]KP38MU'],)%V?NWA(.]>">V
MT8?/1I9?90=H-K;)-V"C]=9#'TH?PLOLQ>W[T(#OAI10\5WK?NC#%Y!UX[#;
M4RS(UY67ISNP`@U%FB0+,H1N40`^B9)^,M`0?BQHAHEEZ9J"CF?)=#X:IP@G
M&[#N7GI*2L3..JW^1%`:1$6N(.V..[Y[#.C\4'*.@8NTV2OIQF_)XT'HS,7XN>3^:9'$)8Z>)E=CP '"Z#V.]T0Z7(+PV^,\#G--1@N!*:W&ULI%=;C]HX%'Y?J?\ARGL3 )K^RQ$';LN
MS\^DS+C#:E+!-T?6E)F`Q^;D\KHAV:%U*@O7G\WF;IG1RI8,,>#G8\TIPD
M++^4I!*2I"%%)D`_/].:]VQE_AZZ,FN>+_7'G)4U4#S1@HJWEM2VRCS^?*I8
MDST5$/>K%V9YS]T^3.A+FC>,LZ-P@,Z50J S:A/TC9(K5_ZW^)E=?V_HX0NM"&0;ZH05>&+L&4T_'Q`"9W?B_=A6
MX*_&.I!C=BG$W^SZ!Z&GLX!R1Q`1!A8?WA+"V\\K/8CSV@[F3K28!1Z86T^$BT>*E+:57[A@Y;_2R.NH)(G?D<7C:$P6GZ7NI2=M/&7@_S]!$DF2*HBFK[P'GUH
M#!T$9&,#+&:&0&D4^*/`"9),D%1%-(%07S6! %!&M\?16NMA]%#8YOO.\B79[D\2_`U:UN!4LU*UX0'S:_VC2=/*WE%:GMB
MUT%:RB-S:GL_2.+8.9$Q.\E`-23]MM\X3GJ$>"XI$?ZX=SQYBFFA=)":=0GY
MX_9,.D `@9?=Y!>M;'A2''M3/"JZ&2=6.HDX%JS+I\
MG^$WSKF,4%YRY MMN!0/?X:4;][F)^S%<
M-6[@00QG_!3?AO$6@IE^L0MC.',!=X =E'`U\N9882G-UJU%!.
MTJ$JI1`_* R*NE[3VI;=19]O3:X2Y\KT/WF
M+]), _OH1V YG38F^'*V>Y]D(?X-8S(O2I9)2VE=T(Q?4_'.0+*DX2"!)X2I+0V2R7B]5F
M/9\E%"SP%"S^REG[WC;\``D US"\#0V'T_*ZV9B@GC@FV*OSXP9(\6,ZZQ8AO8:@`!I520ZVGHJ'][4"2>ZSLNAN
MPWP8,E8?D-'`
MJ.T2!5(RE$6KQ7)H1$._?6?!T]VA0B3'HY0F\XC`N1?A"9&J#0&[J ]3(TQA,DLQ
M&N"879(P5X&!\H>!%:40*+T4DX[#^'&-?,GFFU^-NBN*4541*\,WMD"SKRAE
M5 /1?EQ$1YXE5YT`RWN;7M%?:7 ?W.T?'UG[]0W,+@P@J/*:SM_;\%_$Q#L#)Z#MRD%XRI?(&37?7#[_`O
M````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`6B![=I0#``#-"@``&0```'AL+W=O PGA V)16I,E+PBB[M%RKMN]7'#XL3%X\RIU19P%#)I9TK5<>N
M*]. .4#G:J&7. $BI3ENF=(:5OI42I>_M8@OZ72)&%+`L^6Q)\YP>W4
MG\[>P3)I6>#9L41.Y'OS,/JG%%>GU;B4$$56"\%/%K0>") T(P
M62?3&_8WO\`H)%DCR]*&-0/#)13Y:15%XUH$@[+L\
M&4:,J>%4->;^KV76D)B:NA"4=.#D:+_:MJ@0FO:,"D=]CR MF:QK%-WC90.O&\2"&G?Q*/(QA4[V,
MKR?Q&J1??MA,8MCV(.[V,\!EHB8'^I6(`ZND5=`]:/::=A;Z.J)?%*_!9[A2
M@Y\!6M>=<=2\X07\17?T!``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0`P^_'MGP8``-@;```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T Y_?S8SPWAF
M:!OV9=M\:QM_ML >/ZBZ7KE.>BV57GP\;]Y^_'3S>N
MT_7Y>9>?FG.Y<7^4G?OY_M=?[EZ;]KD[EF7O0(1SMW&/?7]9>UY7',LZ[Q;-
MI3S#_^R;MLY[^-@>O.[2EOEN'_WP[R0L85OBZ*MJF:_;]`L)Y/%&;\ZUWZT&D^[M=!0RP[$Y;[C?N
M@[_.6.!Z]W=#@?ZMRM>._.YTQ^;UM[;:?:W.)50;^H0=>&J:9S3]LD,(G#W+
M^W'HP)^MLROW^ VAT!(R2VWOU(RZZ`BD*811!AI*(Y00+P
MKU-7.!I0D?S[Q@W@P=6N/VY NKZI_^-&O@C%
M@S`1!'Z*('Z\"(,HOID3!9XWI`(_993HVE0\3FNH4IKW^?U=V[PZ,'J0>'?)
M<9#]-03&\JR@R)S,6+"WZ@6%PB`/&&7CPID!]PZ:_.T^CJ,[[QLTIA`V6]O&
MURT2:8%=P+"I"60$\(#`R`*Z8[+`)L]D@5&0A7S^5@**5F"D+"VD2VH"&0&T
ME&$6:,K3\RCKB\8P>;2^JUL]E2VW"6[']!,+22TDHXB67S@G/S2&"8)@9`!6
M1H+ `RMD4`9-]:;'\T[]%:*S3X`AM$6/&5DFX34!/-@N-/J8RT$ABTDNM>ZU%/LC-
M]2P&:YV&A&)U:`5$)]^&,@W2 03Z0=#JXZS=5+'4(JA>![U8Z':P3I#R($R_&"BT-J8
M-+&
M57J<6DA&$;WFJ&UDJCZH.5="Z+/L\-87$*UY;)UBH:!ZR=7&'M0@%:'(1LHD
MI#NJ!:QS@1QF1C")ZABA")$,<4@9:\\$4 N>3?NIHZ!3F:6>*"W&K$J(5MS>V\(*
M?XQ^3ND]*/MFJ#(
MHZNCG4WYL>@-:;R*4F5)\?P>@>IH3R2%5XD0:J;^W4P$IHTPSTC,R)/2#C&RMQ*^?,$E:
MN-A0G408D;JE-I1ID)[E+`4-;`45$)UR?V5-N?"C4\XB]>XAEA*WHM6=]%,U
MT*E`H>@(7"5&QHI1VBXHC59JK$>(++4W=Q.J(9&X
M#X:(:R>5MD#*J7H86YG*)HQ0NL8]RU;6$96A%!7Q/.H7O$D%K"B5*]N#7D9[
M!$3;XZ_4ZA/]X59:?R86ZVBE2(T0+89JOS9S^+IADYJI'4,0G:.`Z*EB*Z5?
MG*(P8M`%TC;C[*4RNEICV;3C6Q1G:3VSM5Y"Y*]W`=&M95MEFI5>]@G)GBUH
M\#VE.5H"HF6_,0=+V.!*)54WK%(9G%:=/\]P-/6,WW/P;_#KLCV427DZ=4[1
MO.`=!GY).:+C_ -NX@SN:2;PAW#]`&PF',(U
M?'KA1&7X]
MP@U:"55+/,O@`^
M5!W7J4M?5I_?ZLIY)2TK:;-V@XGO.J3):5$VI[7[[>^G3['K,)XU15;1AJS=
M=\+ D;I.G2^_G!K:9L\5Z'X+IEDNN;N'._JZS%O*
MZ)%/@,X3@=YK3KS$`Z;-JBA!`:;=: LP#.E+VCZI4`(G+T[[Z>N`G^V3D&.V;7B?]';[Z0\G3F4
M>P:*4-BR>$\)RR&C0#,)9\B4TPH"@$^G+K$U("/9V]H-X<5EP2:,/Y5(Z3KYE7%:_RN,@IY*D$0]"7SW),%\$L]FTWF\>)P%++M0X%NR
MS";!U)__.!)/J.J2E&8\VZQ:>G.@\R!N=LFPCX,E\&)V(LBQT*+R];UT09Z0
M9(LL:Q=&!MP9U/AULU@L5MXKU"7O;7;W-H%IL9<66`2D36W@H`$>"%`JH#BV
M"JSQ!U4@"ZJ0[]])8)`56B%+"^F2VL!!`XR0H17TD,?;4>87C:$P>G[GB1G*
M3MB$B0I_?X>D=\A!1XSXIF9\8FPFV*W\7.8O.RJ:?B3N"!I`M`5R0&/!.[2^
MB*VXA5&W`G1>^]YKWO51Z`=3TR&U'0ZV0Z0;*S=#QOPC,M#8E"$02)D6H#6J^]XK
M,8RLNJ622(D8]1JZU!`!67R\%FALBN@1HQ:QK_(E^D@8F;6(K34G549*AD*T
M#,7#W!LR\)"@K9XCPP!+LYP&-#9E",2H13PTKU#1>QFUB*VV2R61$C'J-?2A
M(0*H=1$_->G(86KK$;-$0TL+<?]?
MH\[:%-)#9I6L8=CW1J&^U$7QT/QB\!654C+JEPR=;$K![>_A=@O$9@FKKWS;
M3D(+!>U["$H@K=)[Z&!`9DRXOVDQB0/$!_>)0&R21J@",K*>6,.[EW[0#\-J
ME@RSVF==4DF%AW&_H>],A;A%:@I_T$!B0S6D])">=0&%PZZ7XBX)(Z05XB"A
MSLJ,"?*BQ_13,PNG;GMH>\C(NCVSO0V>.;6DVRN28AJ2+EYG^=EKDCC'BR-J
M3=H3V9.J8DY.KWA&Q\54H>K^L`VQ>2U\A_>*,3Q &PO=V]R:W-H965T V ^A:XO^
MY7+^5)+V#!3/N,'L?2#UO;;,OIPZTA?/#>A^B].BE-S#S82^Q65/*#FR`.A"
M$>A4\V/X&`+39E5A4,#3[O7HN/:W<7:(9WZX60T)^@>C*S7^>[0FU]]Z7/V!
M.P39ACKQ"CP3\L)-OU0:M`1DIWH;K%5>L7ONS13!?1K,8S+UG1-D3
MYI2^5UXH(^V_PB@>J01),I+`=21)'N]VGHW.('0H!@!QUP
ME2QI$*?1'1RA2,F0X;Q@Q6;5DZL';0NBZ;G@BR#.@%>F5B1")?M[N88D RS"\WAJXU\[MP\RMLH"EE
M+/L)DD^0@XE8\:4_$A\WA@X",MT`#Y&=JYTPFB4ZP`F23Y"#B5@!0K>:"12=
M&RP!9C4N7W9$+.D;B9U!AXJ^Y1Q#W#)G.X$D"QWD:+,8VCJ)XM26E8OGJ7(X
MN`XSY6#%O[#COQ$G;`TR4&YL!SHB2R/E:317KQKT[851`LM&U06V"]LH5T8R
M"0>%F&Y+Y6;)@`#,,GPL@QO;,@0"138"?%!O$BI&+]AN#2.G_7-)I$3+H9Q4K
M :$=//95T T1TU#O9)9H.+-[,=:+&T;.
ML*1ANB8,QO'A;PV?7PBJ'@60UR,A3-[P%Z@/NLU_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`
M"````"$`".,-YVL"``"*!0``&0```'AL+W=O ,X`5C)'MS29_W[&=
M122;5LD+PL/QF3-G9EA?/*B.W(.Q4O FOG]=GGRBQCO<5
M[W0/)7T$2R\V'S^L#]K H`>O]3:*.[P:!IF
M!P.\"I=4Q[+9;,44ESV-#(5Y"X>N:RG@2HN]@MY%$@,==ZC?MG*P1S8EWD*G
MN+G;#V="JP$I=K*3[C&04J)$<=/TVO!=AW4_I`LNCMSAB
MT-.:S]DY0Z;-NI)8@;>=&*A+NDV+RR5EFW7PY[>$@YV\$]OJPQ DI*Q-XZ
MK?Y$4!I$1:X@[8H[OED;?2#8;D3;@?OA20LD]IKF6%ED&%7^2R2J\R1;SU)2
MG%.\;M'8^TV^FJ_9/;HAGC"7$8//$9.."(9J1DDH8RKI=7N.F3W89T;C@Y3+
M&)BFR5Y/,W]/&@]&9R;B\T4^\L;,$;,(=D_K6;PGD0=C+Z:9LGSY(M,3"$L=
MO9R"GKF)HS%UTS CL)@SSGX%DC-%QY;:9=^QE?%%LPPZP\0.NPL`;N.6FD;TE'=1(.4MR%&;B,L6#
MTT,8ZYUVN`3AM<5_'N" &PO=V]R:W-H965T PS"UC!&-F^7/+ON[9S
MB'Q)R0O"9CPS.[MF>76O>G('QDH]5#1+4DI@$+J60UO1/[^O3RXHL8X/->_U
M`!5]`$NO5I\_+0_:W-H.P!%D&&Q%.^?&DC$K.E#C+
MFB_9)4.FU;*66(&/G1AH*KK.RLT99:MER.>OA(.=O1/;Z_=*';R#;SF&WS[`@7U=9/VS!"@P4
M:9(\V!"Z1P/X)$KZRLJ>GJ>G!7I:89PL@/KKJ6GI$3LK=/J
M7P1EP53D"M:VW/'5TN@#P78CVH[I;
M#/9N59POENP.TQ"/F$W$X'/"9!."H9O)$MJ86WH]GJ.R!WME##Y8V<2-N4S^
MNLSI1V0\&/.>F2\6Q<0;E2-F$>*>U[/XB)`'8R_F2GGQ7.D1A*5.6 P@]N6CE8TD.#E&E2H#$3+U- :\Z\KWND>2OH`
MEEZN/WY8';79VQ;`$63H;4E;YX:",2M:4-PF>H`>O]3:*.[P:!IF!P.\"I=4
MQ_(T73#%94\C0V'>PJ'K6@JXTN*@H'>1Q$#''>JWK1SLB4V)M]`I;O:'X4QH
M-2#%3G;2/0122I0H;II>&[[KL.[[;,[%B3L B6WU\8N1U3?9`YJ-;?(-V&F]
M]]";RH?P,GMV^SHTX+LA%=3\T+D?^O@59-,Z[/8Y%N3K*JJ'*[`"#46:)`\R
MA.Y0`#Z)DGXRT!!^7](D@QHITV2)PDQ @B#
MO=,.UR"\MOC7`YS4U!=>:^U.![^PXW]T_1&ULE%5=
M;YLP%'V?M/]@^;T8*`D-"JG21=DJ;=(T[>/9,0:L8HQLYZ/_?M W6!D+&T+VJB6Y_B1
M&WR[>O]N>53ZP=2<6P0,K IX"U]*I26U\*HK8CK-:=%O
MD@V)PW!.)!4M]@R9?@N'*DO!^$:QO>2M]22:-]2"?U.+SES8)'L+G:3Z8=]=
M,24[H-B)1MC'GA0CR;+[JE6:[AJH^Q0EE%VX^Y=G]%(PK8PJ;0!TQ!M]7O."
M+`@PK9:%@`I.:8F&K``/PB*=QD0"#TE.,8A$5AZQQ?SX-9&EY'`$08YA2V
M&PCVL$J3Q9(D_1QC^M)ID*7B%^ORVV"GDP49^$3Q3,(^C5D
M&L>S`31)%4#C5/OANX$9?MV&V]7;&/(]KTP"CN I*M`8UO`3*,$@A8^WO!_]B50?.X8PK"^>Z
M?ZSA&N WD!83+\,:Q^`P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`0@<<
MN90"``!6!@``&0```'AL+W=O FZ]@5A ?:9GGS(&MTX-H(U60X"D*,>,-4+IHRP[]^WEU=8V0L;7):JX9G^)$;?+/Z
M^&%Y5'IG*LXM`H;&9+BRMDT),:SBDII`M;R!+X72DEH8ZI*85G.:=XMD3>(P
MG!-)18,]0ZK?PJ&*0C!^J]A>\L9Z$LUK:L&_J41KSFR2O85.4KW;MU=,R18H
MMJ(6]K$CQ4BR]+YLE*;;&NI^B*:4G;F[P06]%$PKHPH;`!WQ1B]K7I`%`:;5
M,A=0@8L=:5YD>!VEFP23U;++Y[?@1S-X1Z92Q\]:Y%]%PR%L:)-KP%:IG8/>
MYVX*%I.+U7==`[YKE/."[FO[0QV_,L-@T"!)HAGCHFI
M&@S`$TGA=@8$0A\R'(.PR&V5X /:8)P0!-[TEL#&T]'(\9V4'=LHN+F=EXR>&,G%O9"0S
M>8^,`T,R`_/)-.EYO;+'3+NXA_5,WR/DP-"+D=+LJ0*O=`)!J7V6<7S=VQF5
M"5MCF*9KJUO5V>AS/ J2]$85/,"*,,@@9"UOQC\P*H6G,/A5A8.=/=:P?W-
M8:.'`8`+I>QY`,*D_R.L_@(``/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`! &ULE%?;;N(P$'U?:?\A
MRGO)A904!%3M5MVMM"NM5GMY=A,#5I,XLDUI_WYG["3$N4!Y0608GS-SQCXQ
MR]NW/'->J9",%RLWF/BN0XN$IZS8KMP_OQ^O;EQ'*E*D).,%7;GO5+JWZ\^?
ME@ *';Y1M=PK&?0T=86.+]/V!R@04
M!9B)*2/A&10`GT[.0Z]J"GYP8-Z0+4N"NR=8`'!=DT%HJAPK$JI#D#M$6;FP
M48%?@K*OZW@6+KU74".I EW)O
M`FV:8R$6S?02&DP&O5O%QU' /2TKKM)E-+I6$4O8V;21P.* *6+)%(YL03;=[+GS0X'0ON,KFK"*V;-&P;'.;\S05)MM45:0O6P#C
M[C83G6]&+[,IZI#=SO5P.P%DM6E/]Z.S.VP(`*&!CO"4=\8SC (OV3$?&$.`L-XY1-#8Q!%ZT!2.'F4=4'SMM!M!
M5YB.OXMJL]7+.C,:](6;$?TN,H:@[PQU:&!'=+P!.XK\^>3\GNC[1%"%[#TQ
M'^FIXQ1G]D3?(8+&(F"6]I0N,H2@[PAUR'*\V!]N)!QPB:E_]DVAE]E[H@Y9
M^L4C1AOB(?_PF=+9'38$&'2)0J%PG^8*[M#ZZP[^,U&XYOKH)AO.5?V`!,V_L/5_
M````__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`E,NNKMD"``#T!P``&0```'AL+W=O 3O.X-9@K.YOB`\')\SUA=WL@ENN39"M3F)PQD)>,M4
M(=HJ)W]^7Y]](H&QM"UHHUJ>DWMNR,7FXX?U0>D;4W-N`V!H34YJ:[LLB@RK
MN:0F5!UOX4NIM*06EKJ*3* ]Z0DD"S[5K5*TUT#==_%
M&+%L5WT7)P&_J$'=@I=8/0;P6&8'-TLONZ[\!/'12\I/O&
M_E*'KUQ4M85V+Z`B+"PK[J^X8>`HT(3)`IF8:B`!>`92X-$`1^A=3A(0%H6M
M V.5_.=`?461X^I3NZ*6;M9:'0+H-Z!-1_'T
MQ!D08TXI5.88QBR?2Q*R0Y(MLN0$#BIL-^#L[6:UF*^C6W"##9A+AX'GB(E'
M1`39C"E!&M.4GK;GJ(Q@5$:[,)5+%YC*)$_+I.^103`X,TE^-5^-O$[98>;]
M&9C6,W^/$(*A%U.E)$T?*0T@Z/KHY13DN0F@J9O8X-6SA^[H*F[JLQAM'2*>
MK^E#BSW)I2_Y+7LA@]]FK!X3NY
M'R]+(=B7&B*GM9S[O'TMRU?[@KM\@2'BU[)\NI88O'I[,3W:%SN&3LN!N>E1
M8SW+5UO3[WHD@400\@MZN&JN.6[&ND$FN:[X9]XT)F!JC_,S@0DT1L?9ODWP
M9CZ.S[,M:,&':/P",[>C%?]!=25:$S2\!,Y9B+=&NZGM%E9UD"A,7F5AVO:O
M-?Q=.4RA60C@4BE[7*#`^+_>_`&ULE%1=;]LP#'P?
ML/\@Z+U6;"?-:L0ITA7="FS`,.SC69%I6ZAE&9+2M/]^E)1X;M,"[8MAT:?C
M\4AZ=?F@.G(/QDK=ES1-9I1`+W0E^Z:DOW_=G'VBQ#K>5[S3/93T$2R]7'_\
ML-IK 0H; OQ2:Z.XPZ-IF!T,\"I<4AW+9K-S
MIKCL:60HS%LX=%U+`==:[!3T+I(8Z+A#_;:5@SVR*?$6.L7-W6XX$UH-2+&5
MG72/@902)8K;IM>&;SNL^R&= B6%T5;7+D$Z%H6>UGS!+A@RK5>5
MQ`J\[<1`7=)-6EPM*%NO@C]_).SMY)W85N^_&%E]DSV@V=@FWX"MUG<>>EOY
M$%YF)[=O0@-^&%)!S7>=^ZGW7T$VK29IA85JXM:7Z>+):S/$4XV8)U-])34B)VUFGU-X+2("IR!6G7
MW/'URN@]P78CV@[-VBL??KY2)?
ML7MT0QPP5QSQ&3C@B&:D9)*&,JZ65[CID]V&=&XX.4JQB8ILE>3I._)XT'
MHS,3\ UC-_3R(/QEY,,V7Y?Z-BI@,(2QV]G(*>N(FC,773
M-SA;O#IU1UO]K2!C]/40>6)L_MS:./MQP!28!CY#UUDB],[/=8:3,4;'E=MD
MWK'G\7FQ"3O`Q@^X"@-OX#LWC>PMZ:!&REFR1&$F+E,\.#V$L=YJATL07EO\
MYP'.Z2Q!"TIRE`2V/=*I5%6]/+/@)&@!1]C9[/[[SF`,MDE7.:N^+.';F8]O
MQN,9>_WUK:ZL5]*RDC8;VYNYMD6:G!9E7V'%8?B9UQF;T0AKXSY&V=:-%R0M*3*..AGY_+")%N=/T)7
M9^W+]?(EI_4%*)[+JN3O':EMU7G\[=30-GNN(.XW+\QRR=V]3.CK,F\IHT6WQ?B7EZ $L!PR"C0SOY.1TPH$P%^K+K$T("/96_>\E04_;^Q@/HL6;N"!N?5,
M&'\JD=*V\BOCM/Y'&'DH:B#Q>Q)X2A)_MO#<5;``D@\,_E="
M(0E(LD.6C0V;"G+%H`I>MXMHOG9>8>7RWF8_M?%TBX.TP-PB;6("J0(X$,`0
M!63^?X@"63`*^?V]!,:P?$.RM)`NB0FD"J!)AC57)=\O6)E?-(;25/,;+G0I
M>V'CKP;YAPF23)!4131]H:[ODX6!+%!:\)6A,@)CV??")OC(YC#8#(F>(*F*
M:*%`7:NI[D+QH=7\8)$C31>+U+`72`!+/$3GAZZ^+H?!2+HE$R15$4WZ7)?^
M<96@L2Y0("!0?OLP09()DJJ(IF:AJQ$U, 41E`4Q"M`CET
MD0()1XV]R;QK)+[KA7I&$],A-1V"P4&3CT-?Z75W9$+3ESK16-?9(VJ7\T.C
MF`^]T6*()ID@J8IH`E "A&8[Y$WY5$LFK2NU[C
MLFA!>+"SU#1_JDHZ$CVZ'L*-JTB/AJ7NI!^D%4P*Q -,"Z6'QI(_>`+RQ3%)C/()E&I6NB:<2HJFSY40DA@E)"`MZY&Y@W%8
MH9^V12)C'R6]U=BUTOM^X];2(\1AI43X<2_RT-H(I8?4K`O('S4EO:.R$*F$
M.BM=$TXA1=/GLBY&F58@`@)UXXZ,QN;1[UMAA*=NQ [2$18X1XN4#$
M\!OWNXA0W!_$P; D/Z'!OV77-P)_!;6SB?@PG
MO3MX$,,1:XKOPG@G[D4F41C#06;JL(]B."7 7[$1^R]I3
MV3"K(D>(T>W&="MN2.*%TPO4%-QR*(>;3??S##=9`B=O=P9I/5+*Y0M^8+@;
M;_\%``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0">IGIJ9@(``(@%```9````>&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T 4?(1-X+EP&G@-D`#
M%$6/9YI:241$42#IZ^^[)&-!.5HD+X)(#6=F9Y=:7A]52_9@K-1=0;,DI00Z
MH4O9U07]]7-S\8D2ZWA7\E9W4-`36'J]^OAA>=#FP38`CB!#9PO:.-?GC%G1
M@.(VT3UT^*721G&'2U,SVQO@93BD6C9)TTNFN.QH9,C-6SAT54D!MUKL%'0N
MDAAHN4/_MI&]/;,I\18ZQ G-Z$!GPWI(2*[UKW0Q^^
M@JP;A]V>8T&^KKP\W8(5&"C2))-@0^@6#>"3*.DG`P/AQX).4%B6KBGH]#*9
M+])IAG"R!>LVTE-2(G;6:?4G@K)@*G(%:[?YQ/;/W"'DP
M]F*L-)T_$WK$8*5#E"/,DRQQ,,99^O9.4YS VYJV5G2
M0H64:;)`8R9>I;APN@]#O=4.KT!X;?"/!SBE:8+@2FMW7OC+.OQ#5W\!``#_
M_P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0"]*69F:@(``(H%```9````>&PO=V]R:W-H965T
M #0UL[T!7H9+JF799'+)%)<=C0RY>0N'KBHIX$Z+G8+.11(#+7>H
MWS:RMV *;:RE>X42"E1(K^O.VWXML6ZC^F,BS-W.+R@
M5U(8;77E$J1C4>C+FJ_9-4.FU;*46(&WG1BH"KI.\]LY9:ME\.>WA(,=O1/;
MZ,-G(\NOL@,T&]OD&[#5^L%#[TL?PLOLQ>U-:,!W0TJH^*YU/_3A"\BZ<=CM
M.1;DZ\K+TQU8@88B39(%&4*W*`"?1$D_&6@(/Q8TP\2R=$U!IY?)?#&9I@@G
M6[!N(STE)6)GG59_(B@-HB)7D';''5\MC3X0;#>B; MV>
M 8$1,PMVC^N9O2>1!V,OGF2:
M7PT5Q!H?05CJX&4V\ON)FS@:8S=]@[,9=OC_MOI;0N?G.L/)&*+#RJTS[]CS^"Q?AQU@PP= G.[#6&^UPR4(KPW^\P#G=)(@N-+:G0]^78>_Z.HO````__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`*';][6D"``"*!0``&0```'AL+W=O ZAI`]@Z>7FXX?U49N];0$<08;>EK1U;B@8LZ(%Q6VB!^CQ
M2ZV-X@Z7IF%V,,"K1H3!OX=!U+05 M$#BDZ?(,+K\ETET
MYTFVGJ6D.*>H;S'8N\URL5BS.TQ#/&*N(@:?(R8=$0S=C);0QM32Z_& V)^.5^.O%$Y8N8A[FD]\_3#V8JJ4Y1?/
ME!Y!6.J8Y13T)$T N6WF$WN^/R^VX0ZP\0->A8$W\(V;1O:6=%`CY2Q9
MHC$3+U- &UL
M(*($`2B@``$`````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````E)%!2\,P
M&(;O@O^AY-ZF:5$DM!FH[.1`/-^7
M:M'K)OD$YU5K:D2R'"5@1"N5V=7H>;U,;U#B`S>2-ZV!&AW`HP6[O*B$I:)U
M\.A:"RXH\$DD&4^%K=$^!$LQ]F(/FOLL-DP,MZW3/,2CVV'+Q3O?`2[R_!IK
M"%SRP/$1F-J)B$:D%!/2?KAF`$B!H0$-)GA,,H*_NP&&))94ZMPL'&F
M47?.EN(43NW>JZG8=5W6E8-&]"?X=?7P-(R:*G/ [ ?L"P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`
MIY^\]Y4```"I````$````'AL+V-A;&-#:&%I;BYX;6P\CD$*`C$0!.^"?QCF
M[F;U("I)%A1\@3X@9$<32"9+)HC^WGCQTE`T5+>>WCG!BZK$P@:WPXA`[,L<
M^6GP?KMN#@C2',\N%2:#'Q*X"M-I#-7@^(L3^`2']4EFM_B/V"P``__\#
M`%!+`P04``8`"````"$`,G>V8&4[RN$LK94(5-'.^U*W8H6UGVT7,>`U6!GMH-@O_X>)^4EX<27
M\@7EY3S.'QQ]7B^SSHIK(Y0%%+^APR50JY'P4_)I^_7@3=(RE,J69
MDGP4;+@)/L :&&.SJC8$6UH-("+6=6
MW93766ZLCG\K_6H6G%L3=EA>'MH>7HM!/`2N8`Q7=4OWL&("+^H &*8@Z;*`5$)D=4D1=^,3&1?&
MJB77!&)M-67URM[Y>T7>1&5#)E` :99P %/Z+X7\*
M5S\/*_C%J\'?AKA`^)OJ'$P?=X/0M/8L,(SUK#"$]3PPC/2\,(3T3#"(]\PP@/=:OPDP2F/C1J?@@>
M1/]&@&..I;WDE!:9VRY1:@V9/[0''7TW)- @$;1XUK1,#I-'*IQ_&UVWTTX
MC:5"W).FU4G +\%XY_DQ>!_Z9;LEN@T1]C6*3[#O^6GKNWG@;>^%R;P%XQW:
M\8;T[PRUO-2./AJ''8]"OII?^53=PS^X[6E._6&4+"@,>W#.L7V_?Q!]@X,<
MG;E%Q@L*?S+2K !9U-T?I<7_`0``__\#`%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#B#H9)F0(``*DT```3``````````````````````!;
M0V]N=&5N=%]4>7!E &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+55,"/U````3`(`
M``L`````````````````T@0``%]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`')ZM]Y'`P``ZC0``!H`````````````````^`&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`!HG"'`@``R04``!D`
M````````````````(1X``'AL+W=O &PO
M=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`';UL\RR!0``_18``!D`````````````````
MHB&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`+%Y/U'!`@``]@8``!D`````````````````_C0``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A``K28UA%
M`@``Z`0``!D`````````````````^#T``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`*S"[X7`!0``RA@``!D`````
M````````````GD@``'AL+W=O H#``""#```&0````````````````"53@``>&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T &UL
M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`+D>CN^O`P``E0L``!D`````````````````_58`
M`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T ``!X;"]W;W)K &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`
M```A`!B;Q9J,`@``)`8``!D`````````````````96$``'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%#*.:2+`@``F08``!D`````````
M````````8G8``'AL+W=O 0``>&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`-Z-V`*S"P``"6L```T`````````````````G((``'AL+W-T>6QE
M &PO &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`.%1D?&&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`! &PO=V]R
M:W-H965T &UL
M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`(K@4)G)!```\A0``!D`````````````````6QD!
M`'AL+W=O TW
MN &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@`
M```A`/?R0,Y+!@``J1H``!D`````````````````1R0!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`/.R"M]%!0``
MV!8``!D`````````````````MC8!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`)W9
MC/OO!@``^QX``!D`````````````````KT`!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T #FMP&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`"6MFL9[`@``ZP4``!D`
M````````````````Y%4!`'AL+W=O &PO
M=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`#ELG5II`P``@0L``!D`````````````````
MNUX!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`' :&&!@``HAT``!D`````````````````;W`!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`*IR(,^J
M!```BA```!D`````````````````P((!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&
M``@````A`-`TY$3*"```H"8``!@`````````````````"9P!`'AL+W=O &PO
M=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%#%8)??$0``
MIV(``!D`````````````````$ZL!`'AL+W=O +((``"A)P``&0`````````````````I
MO0$`>&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A``PDG[3M!```V1$``!D`````````
M````````W&PO=V]R:W-H
M965T &UL4$L!
M`BT`%``&``@````A`)ZT9:N2`@``6`8``!D`````````````````XMD!`'AL
M+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A
M`%,V=AAJ`@``B@4``!D`````````````````MN(!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`%H@>W:4`P``S0H`
M`!D`````````````````)NX!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`$)D[T4[!```%0X``!D`````````````
M````5?T!`'AL+W=O &PO=V]R:W-H965T
M &UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`.Q@KBUM`@``C`4``!D`````````````````!P&PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`! &PO=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`(YKAF5X!```8`\``!D`
M````````````````[Q@"`'AL+W=O '0(`>&PO
M=V]R:W-H965T &UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`"AV_>UI`@``B@4``!D`````````````````
MW"("`'AL+W=O &PO8V%L8T-H86EN+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`R=[9@9P0``)`3
M```0`````````````````*DH`@!D;V-0 &UL4$L%!@````!D
-`&0`91L``$8N`@``````
`
end XML 18 R70.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 5. Customer Contracts (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment $ 156,293 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment $ 223,973 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Impairment of long-lived assets 497,792 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse 0 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Customer Contracts | Chronic Illness Monitoring Cost Associated with Intangible Assets 214,106 fil_CostAssociatedWithIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 214,106 fil_CostAssociatedWithIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment 214,106 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 156,886 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Amortization of Intangible Assets 57,220 us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 114,440 us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Customer Contracts | CareServices Cost Associated with Intangible Assets 2,066,316 fil_CostAssociatedWithIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember 2,155,776 fil_CostAssociatedWithIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment 1,497,067 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember 778,475 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Amortization of Intangible Assets 718,592 us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember 718,592 us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Impairment of long-lived assets 89,460 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Future Amortization Expense, Remainder of Fiscal Year $ 179,648 us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CostAssociatedWithIntangibleAssets Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 14 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the remainder of the current fiscal year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long lived assets held for use (including those held for disposal by means other than sale). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 958 -SubTopic 225 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28367520&loc=d3e92212-112881 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Impairment -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515133 + Details Name: us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 19 R55.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 2014 2013 Net operating loss carryforwards $ 23,858,000 $ 19,892,000 Depreciation, amortization and reserves 1,515,000 453,000 Stock-based compensation 2,007,000 1,863,000 Accrued vacation 53,000 2,000 Valuation allowance (27,433,000) (22,210,000) Total $ - $ - X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 20 R78.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Debt and accrued interest converted to shares of common stock $ 381,000 fil_DebtAndAccruedInterestConvertedToSharesOfCommonStock $ 10,004,000 fil_DebtAndAccruedInterestConvertedToSharesOfCommonStock Debt and accrued interest due to related parties converted to shares of common stock 1,946,000 fil_DebtAndAccruedInterestDueToRelatedPartiesConvertedToSharesOfCommonStock Loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock $ 114,098 fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock $ 9,355,587 fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_DebtAndAccruedInterestConvertedToSharesOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_DebtAndAccruedInterestDueToRelatedPartiesConvertedToSharesOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 21 R46.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures 2014 2013 Revenues: CareServices $ 1,003,238 $ 1,660,544 Reagents - 351,645 Total revenues 1,003,238 2,012,189 Cost of revenues: CareServices 881,753 2,325,226 Reagents - 300,396 Total cost of revenues 881,753 2,625,622 Gross profit (loss) 121,485 (613,433) Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses: CareServices (1,047,629) (2,287,368) Reagents - (111,657) Research and development for CareServices - (227,101) Total operating expenses (1,047,629) (2,626,126) Other income (expense): Impairment of long-lived assets (497,792) - Loss on disposal of property and equipment (18,746) - Other expense (9,885) - Gain on sale of discontinued operations - 55,096 Total other income (expense) for CareServices (526,423) 55,096 Loss from discontinued operations $ (1,452,567) $ (3,184,463) X - Definition Tabular disclosure of disposal groups, which may include the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss), amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations, the classification and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group, and the segment in which the disposal group was reported. Also may include the amount of adjustments to amounts previously reported in discontinued operations such as resolution of contingencies arising from the disposal transaction or the operations of the component prior to disposal. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1510-107760 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1474-107760 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2443-110228 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 22 R33.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Accounts Receivable (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Accounts Receivable Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful accounts. Specific reserves are estimated by management based on certain assumptions and variables, including the customers financial condition, age of the customers receivables and changes in payment histories. Accounts receivable are written off when management determines the likelihood of collection is remote. A receivable is considered to be past due if any portion of the receivable balance has not been received by the contractual payment date. Interest is not charged on accounts receivable that are past due. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $115,994 and $76,544 as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for trade and other accounts receivables. This disclosure may include the basis at which such receivables are carried in the entity's statements of financial position (for example, net realizable value), how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts, when impairments, charge-offs or recoveries are recognized, and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables, including its treatment of related fees and costs, its treatment of premiums, discounts or unearned income, when accrual of interest is discontinued, how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables. If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans, disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums, discounts, and nonrefundable fees and costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3, 4 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6378556&loc=d3e10133-111534 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35738203&loc=d3e5093-111524 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35738203&loc=d3e5212-111524 + Details Name: us-gaap_TradeAndOtherAccountsReceivablePolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 23 R79.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 13. Derivatives Liability (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Derivatives liability $ 106,444 us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities $ 795,151 us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities Gain (loss) on derivatives liability 373,293 us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet (333,406) us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet Gain (loss) on derivatives liability $ (373,293) us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet $ 333,406 us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in the fair value of derivatives recognized in the income statement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5618551-113959 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (a),(c),(d),(e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5624171-113959 + Details Name: us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13433-108611 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945355&loc=d3e41228-113958 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13495-108611 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34720828&loc=SL20225862-175312 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945355&loc=d3e41271-113958 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36459792&loc=SL20226008-175313 + Details Name: us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 24 report.css IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */ /* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{ background-color: #def; border: 2px solid #2F4497; font-size: 1em; position: absolute;
} ..report table.authRefData a { display: block; font-weight: bold;
} ..report table.authRefData p { margin-top: 0px;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide { background-color: #2F4497; padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px; text-align: right;
} ..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover { background-color: #2F4497;
} ..report table.authRefData .body { height: 150px; overflow: auto; width: 400px;
} ..report table.authRefData table{ font-size: 1em;
} /* Report Styles */
..pl a, .pl a:visited { color: black; text-decoration: none;
} /* table */
..report { background-color: white; border: 2px solid #acf; clear: both; color: black; font: normal 8pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; margin-bottom: 2em;
} ..report hr { border: 1px solid #acf;
} /* Top labels */
..report th { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold; text-align: center;
} ..report th.void	{ background-color: transparent; color: #000000; font: bold 10pt Helvetica, Arial, san-serif; text-align: left;
} ..report .pl { text-align: left; vertical-align: top; white-space: normal; width: 200px; word-wrap: break-word;
} ..report td.pl a.a { cursor: pointer; display: block; width: 200px; overflow: hidden;
} ..report td.pl div.a { width: 200px;
} ..report td.pl a:hover { background-color: #ffc;
} /* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh { background-color: #acf; color: black; font-weight: bold;
} /* Calendars... */
..report .rc { background-color: #f0f0f0;
} /* Even rows... */
..report .re, .report .reu { background-color: #def;
} ..report .reu td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} /* Odd rows... */
..report .ro, .report .rou { background-color: white;
} ..report .rou td { border-bottom: 1px solid black;
} ..report .rou table td, .report .reu table td { border-bottom: 0px solid black;
} /* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn { white-space: nowrap;
} /* styles for numeric types */
..report .num, .report .nump { text-align: right; white-space: nowrap;
} ..report .nump { padding-left: 2em;
} ..report .nump { padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
} /* styles for text types */
..report .text { text-align: left; white-space: normal;
} ..report .text .big { margin-bottom: 1em; width: 17em;
} ..report .text .more { display: none;
} ..report .text .note { font-style: italic; font-weight: bold;
} ..report .text .small { width: 10em;
} ..report sup { font-style: italic;
} ..report .outerFootnotes { font-size: 1em;
} XML 25 R73.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 7. Patent License Agreement (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Sep. 30, 2012 Common stock shares issued in purchase of patents 600,000 fil_CommonStockSharesIssuedInPurchaseOfPatents Series C stock shares issued in purchase of patents (480,000) fil_SeriesCPreferredStockSharesIssuedInPurchaseOfPatents 480,000 fil_SeriesCPreferredStockSharesIssuedInPurchaseOfPatents Independent valuation of patents $ 922,378 fil_IndependentValuationOfPatents Value of the Common Stock issued 240,000 fil_ValueOfTheCommonStockIssued Value of the Series C Preferred Stock issued 682,378 fil_ValueOfTheSeriesCPreferredStockIssued Impairment of long-lived assets 497,792 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse 0 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment 156,293 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment 223,973 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Patents Amortization of Intangible Assets 126,870 us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember 126,870 us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember Impairment of long-lived assets 408,332 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember Cost Associated with Intangible Assets 514,046 fil_CostAssociatedWithIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember 922,378 fil_CostAssociatedWithIntangibleAssets / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment 482,328 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember 355,458 us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember Future Amortization Expense, Remainder of Fiscal Year $ 31,718 us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CommonStockSharesIssuedInPurchaseOfPatents Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CostAssociatedWithIntangibleAssets Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IndependentValuationOfPatents Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_SeriesCPreferredStockSharesIssuedInPurchaseOfPatents Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ValueOfTheCommonStockIssued Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ValueOfTheSeriesCPreferredStockIssued Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 14 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the remainder of the current fiscal year. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_FutureAmortizationExpenseRemainderOfFiscalYear Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long lived assets held for use (including those held for disposal by means other than sale). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 958 -SubTopic 225 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28367520&loc=d3e92212-112881 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Impairment -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515133 + Details Name: us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_PatentsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 26 R89.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 19. Commitments and Contingencies: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Details Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months $ 308,330 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years 317,580 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years 327,107 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years 280,077 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due $ 1,233,094 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue X - Definition Amount of required minimum rental payments for leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 40 -Subparagraph (Note 3) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6584154&loc=d3e38371-112697 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 27 R57.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 19. Commitments and Contingencies: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases Years Ending September 30, 2015 $ 308,330 2016 317,580 2017 327,107 2018 280,077 $ 1,233,094 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41502-112717 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 28 R76.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of principal payments on notes payable (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Details Notes payable principal payments in 2015 $ 1,212,937 fil_NotesPayablePrincipalPaymentsIn2015 Notes payable principal payments in 2016 219,048 fil_NotesPayablePrincipalPaymentsIn2016 Notes payable principal payments $ 1,431,985 fil_NotesPayablePrincipalPayments X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_NotesPayablePrincipalPayments Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_NotesPayablePrincipalPaymentsIn2015 Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_NotesPayablePrincipalPaymentsIn2016 Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 29 R86.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 18. Income Taxes (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Details Operating Loss Carryforwards $ 64,000,000 us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards X - Definition Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 30 R81.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 15. Common Stock (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Common stock shares authorized 200,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized 200,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Issuance of common stock for debt conversion $ 2,447,926 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion $ 18,467,123 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest 148,244 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest 251,564 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest Fair Value of Unvested Common Stock 4,125,863 fil_FairValueOfUnvestedCommonStock Option 5 Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures 342,000 us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option5Member Option 6 Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures 6,892 us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option6Member Option 7 Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures 237,800 us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option7Member Option 8 Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures 427,205 us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option8Member Option 9 Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures 85,000 us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option9Member Option 10 Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures 2,400,000 us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option10Member Option 11 Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures 256,800 us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option11Member Option 12 Stock Granted, Value, Share-based Compensation, Net of Forfeitures 1,954,720 us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option12Member Common stock Issuance of common stock for debt conversion - shares 3,712,549 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversionShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 13,439,190 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversionShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for debt conversion 37 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 134 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for option exercises - shares 1,723,100 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercisesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for loan origination fee - shares 161,738 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFeeShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 189,345 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFeeShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for finance fees - shares 349,822 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFeesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series C preferred stock - shares 672,000 fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares 6,252,526 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 250,000 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series C preferred stock - shares (672,000) fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares (6,252,526) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember (250,000) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest - shares 271,343 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterestShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 200,625 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterestShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest $ 3 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 2 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for services - shares 10,896,970 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 1,579,632 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Common stock | Option 1 Issuance of common stock for option exercises - shares 584,100 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercisesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option1Member Common stock | Option 2 Issuance of common stock for option exercises - shares 474,000 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercisesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option2Member Common stock | Option 3 Issuance of common stock for option exercises - shares 650,000 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercisesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option3Member Common stock | Option 4 Issuance of common stock for option exercises - shares 15,000 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercisesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option4Member Common stock | Option 5 Issuance of common stock for finance fees - shares 342,930 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFeesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option5Member Common stock | Option 6 Issuance of common stock for finance fees - shares 6,892 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFeesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option6Member Common stock | Option 7 Issuance of common stock for services - shares 409,000 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option7Member Common stock | Option 8 Issuance of common stock for services - shares 868,136 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option8Member Common stock | Option 9 Issuance of common stock for services - shares 100,000 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option9Member Common stock | Option 10 Issuance of common stock for services - shares 5,000,000 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option10Member Common stock | Option 11 Issuance of common stock for services - shares 447,500 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option11Member Common stock | Option 12 Issuance of common stock for services - shares 4,072,334 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember / fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis = fil_Option12Member Series C Preferred Stock Conversion of Series C preferred stock - shares (480,000) fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember Conversion of Series C preferred stock - shares 480,000 fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember Series D Preferred Stock Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares (893,218) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember (50,000) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares 893,218 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 50,000 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStockShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_FairValueOfUnvestedCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversionShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterestShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFeesShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFeeShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercisesShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of shares or units of entity securities issued in the transaction in which equity securities were issued to pay for goods or nonemployee services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 50 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6406099&loc=d3e25284-112666 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Value, after forfeitures, of stock or other type of equity granted of any equity-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 30 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6743629&loc=d3e3913-113898 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 30 -Section 35 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6418191&loc=d3e15009-113911 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockGrantedDuringPeriodValueSharebasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis=fil_Option10Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis=fil_Option11Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis=fil_Option12Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis=fil_Option5Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis=fil_Option6Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis=fil_Option7Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis=fil_Option8Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: fil_StockOptionAgreementsAxis=fil_Option9Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 31 R87.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards $ 23,858,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards $ 19,892,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals 1,515,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals 453,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits 2,007,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits 1,863,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Other 53,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther 2,000 us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance $ (27,433,000) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance $ (22,210,000) us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from compensation and benefits costs. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefits Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from other provisions, reserves, allowances, and accruals not separately disclosed. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Deferred Tax Asset -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510090 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseOther Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from reserves and accruals. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32621-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32632-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 25 -Paragraph 20 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29652012&loc=d3e28680-109314 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccruals Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 32 R77.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 10. Related-party Notes Payable: Schedule of related party notes payable (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Gross notes payable related party before discount $ 2,016,532 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount $ 1,896,135 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount Discount on notes payable related party (346,912) fil_DiscountOnNotesPayableRelatedParty (3,720) fil_DiscountOnNotesPayableRelatedParty Notes payable related party current and noncurrent 1,669,620 fil_NotesPayableRelatedPartyCurrentAndNoncurrent 1,892,415 fil_NotesPayableRelatedPartyCurrentAndNoncurrent Note1Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 1,639,500 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note1Member Note2Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 291,667 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note2Member Note3Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 30,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note3Member 33,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note3Member Note4Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 26,721 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note4Member 26,721 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note4Member Note5Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 15,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note5Member 175,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note5Member Note6Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 13,644 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note6Member 13,644 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note6Member Note7Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 600,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note7Member Note8Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 300,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note8Member Note9Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 300,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note9Member Note10Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 200,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note10Member Note11Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 150,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note11Member Note12Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 82,500 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note12Member Note13Member Gross notes payable related party before discount 10,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note13Member Note14Member Gross notes payable related party before discount $ 5,270 fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note14Member X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_DiscountOnNotesPayableRelatedParty Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_GrossNotesPayableRelatedPartyBeforeDiscount Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_NotesPayableRelatedPartyCurrentAndNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note10Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note11Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note12Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note13Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note14Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note1Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note2Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note3Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note4Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note5Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note6Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note7Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note8Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note9Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 33 R71.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure: Schedule of Property and Equipment (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross $ 376,369 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross $ 520,702 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment (156,293) us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment (223,973) us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Property and equipment, net 220,076 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet 296,729 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Leasehold Improvements Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross 151,287 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember 145,147 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember Software and Software Development Costs Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross 100,574 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember 87,361 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember Furniture and Fixtures Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross 69,776 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember 32,855 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember Equipment Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross $ 54,732 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_EquipmentMember $ 255,339 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_EquipmentMember X - Definition Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 14 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_SoftwareAndSoftwareDevelopmentCostsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 34 R25.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 18. Income Taxes 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 18. Income Taxes 18. Income Taxes As of September 30, 2014, the Company had net operating loss carryforwards available to offset future taxable income, if any, of approximately $64,000,000, which will begin to expire in 2027. The utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards is dependent upon the tax laws in effect at the time the net operating loss carryforwards can be utilized. The Internal Revenue Code contains provisions that likely could reduce or limit the availability and utilization of these net operating loss carryforwards. For example, limitations are imposed on the utilization of net operating loss carryforwards if certain ownership changes have taken place or will take place. The Company will perform an analysis to determine whether any such limitations have occurred as the net operating losses are utilized. The amount and ultimate realization of the benefits from the net operating loss carryforwards are dependent, in part, upon the tax laws in effect, the Companys future earnings, and other future events, the effects of which cannot be determined. The Company has established a valuation allowance against all deferred income tax assets not offset by deferred income tax liabilities due to the uncertainty of their realization. Accordingly, there is no benefit for income taxes in the accompanying statements of operations. Deferred income taxes are determined based on the estimated future effects of differences between the consolidated financial reporting and income tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities given the provisions of currently enacted tax laws and the tax rates expected to be in place. For fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Companys expected federal tax rate was 34%. The deferred income tax assets (liabilities) were comprised of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Net operating loss carryforwards $ 23,858,000 $ 19,892,000 Depreciation, amortization and reserves 1,515,000 453,000 Stock-based compensation 2,007,000 1,863,000 Accrued vacation 53,000 2,000 Valuation allowance (27,433,000) (22,210,000) Total $ - $ - Reconciliations between the benefit for income taxes at the federal statutory income tax rate and the Companys benefit for income taxes for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were as follows: 2014 2013 Federal income tax benefit at statutory rate $ 4,577,000 $ 9,227,000 State income tax benefit, net of federal income tax effect 444,000 896,000 Non-deductible expenses 67,000 (954,000) Other 135,000 - Change in valuation allowance (5,223,000) (9,169,000) Benefit for income taxes $ - $ - During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized no interest or penalties, and there were no changes in unrecognized tax benefits from tax positions taken or from lapsed statutes of limitations. There were no settlements with taxing authorities. As of September 30, 2014, the Company had no unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate, and there are no positions that are anticipated to significantly increase or decrease. The Company had no tax examinations beginning, ending, or remaining in process as of and for the years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013. Tax returns for fiscal years subsequent to 2010 remain subject to examination. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32718-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32537-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32559-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 35 R50.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of principal payments on notes payable (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of principal payments on notes payable Years Ending September 30, 2015 $ 1,212,937 2016 219,048 $ 1,431,985 X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ScheduleOfPrincipalPaymentsOnNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 36 R42.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Stock-based Compensation (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Stock-based Compensation Stock-Based Compensation The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. That cost is recognized in the statements of operations over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award  the requisite service period. The grant-date fair values of the equity instruments are estimated using option-pricing models adjusted for the unique characteristics of those instruments. X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured, and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5047-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b),(f) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 37 R75.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of Debt (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Gross notes payable before discount $ 1,601,435 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount $ 2,863,166 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount Discount on notes payable (169,450) fil_DiscountOnNotesPayable (528,663) fil_DiscountOnNotesPayable Notes payable current and noncurrent 1,431,985 fil_NotesPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent 2,334,503 fil_NotesPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent Notes payable current portion (1,212,937) fil_NotesPayableCurrentPortion (1,278,585) fil_NotesPayableCurrentPortion Notes payable, net of current portion 219,048 us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable 1,055,918 us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable Note1Member Gross notes payable before discount 1,103,841 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note1Member 1,766,971 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note1Member Note2Member Gross notes payable before discount 233,333 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note2Member Note3Member Gross notes payable before discount 200,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note3Member Note4Member Gross notes payable before discount 64,261 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note4Member 185,476 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note4Member Note5Member Gross notes payable before discount 550,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note5Member Note6Member Gross notes payable before discount 250,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note6Member Note7Member Gross notes payable before discount 85,719 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note7Member Note8Member Gross notes payable before discount $ 25,000 fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount / us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis = fil_Note8Member X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_DiscountOnNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_GrossNotesPayableBeforeDiscount Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_NotesPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_NotesPayableCurrentPortion Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer), excluding current portion. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note1Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note2Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note3Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note4Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note5Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note6Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note7Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_ShortTermDebtTypeAxis=fil_Note8Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 38 R37.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Impairment of Long-lived Assets Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets, which range from two to twenty years. Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. The Company impaired its CareServices customer contracts by $89,460 and patents by $408,332 as of September 30, 2014, which were recorded as part of discontinued operations related to the CareServices segment for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The impairment of the customer contracts is due to their sales price being lower than the net book value as of the date of sale. The patents impaired were solely related to the CareServices segment and provide no future cash flows after the CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers were sold in December 2014. The Companys other long-lived assets were not impaired as of September 30, 2014. No long-lived assets were impaired as of September 30, 2013. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section CC -Subsection 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 05 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6390181&loc=d3e202-110218 + Details Name: us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 39 R52.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of fair value assumptions (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of fair value assumptions 2014 2013 Exercise price $0.50 - $1.40 $0.75 - 10.00 Expected term (years) 1 - 3 1.5 - 2.5 Volatility 101% - 216% 219% - 298% Risk-free rate 0.11% - 0.92% 0.23% - 0.88% Dividend rate 0% 0% X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options, including, but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments, (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares, (c) expected dividends, (d) risk-free rate(s), and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (f)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 40 R67.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Schedule of common stock equivalents (Details) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Common stock options and warrants 10,991,576 fil_CommonStockOptionsAndWarrants 3,598,554 fil_CommonStockOptionsAndWarrants Series C convertible preferred stock 480,000 fil_SeriesCConvertiblePreferredStock Series D convertible preferred stock 225,000 fil_SeriesDConvertiblePreferredStock 4,691,090 fil_SeriesDConvertiblePreferredStock Series E convertible preferred stock 477,830 fil_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStock 601,585 fil_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStock Series F convertible preferred stock 5,361,000 fil_SeriesFConvertiblePreferredStock Convertible debt - Shares 133,924 fil_ConvertibleDebtShares 3,738,917 fil_ConvertibleDebtShares Restricted shares of common stock 9,750 fil_RestrictedSharesOfCommonStock 17,250 fil_RestrictedSharesOfCommonStock Total common stock equivalents 17,199,080 fil_TotalCommonStockEquivalents 13,127,396 fil_TotalCommonStockEquivalents X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CommonStockOptionsAndWarrants Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConvertibleDebtShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_RestrictedSharesOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_SeriesCConvertiblePreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_SeriesDConvertiblePreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_SeriesEConvertiblePreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_SeriesFConvertiblePreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_TotalCommonStockEquivalents Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 41 R61.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Accounts Receivable (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Receivable $ 115,994 us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable $ 76,544 us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable X - Definition For an unclassified balance sheet, a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35738203&loc=d3e5074-111524 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 42 R47.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure: Schedule of Property and Equipment (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Property and Equipment 2014 2013 Leasehold improvements $ 151,287 $ 145,147 Software 100,574 87,361 Furniture 69,776 32,855 Equipment 54,732 255,339 Equipment leased to customers - - Total property and equipment 376,369 520,702 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (156,293) (223,973) Property and equipment, net $ 220,076 $ 296,729 X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 43 R9.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 2. Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 2. Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information The Company restated its consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 to correct the accounting related to revenue recognition for chronic illness monitoring supplies shipped to distributors, as filed in its Form 10-K/A with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2014. Specifically, it was determined better practice to defer revenue recognition until the products are shipped to the end users as opposed to the distributors, even though the distributors had taken title to the products and there were no significant rights of return. The corrections deferred the recognition of revenue until later periods, and did not impact cash flows related to these transactions. The consolidated financial statements as of and for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 were restated to properly reflect revenue, cost of revenue, inventory and other related balance sheet accounts related to the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment. See Form 10-K/A filed on November 12, 2014 for reconciliations of the amounts as originally reported to the corresponding restated amounts. X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_RestatementAndAmendmentOfPreviouslyReportedFinancialInformation Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 44 R62.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory: Schedule of Utility Inventory (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Inventory $ 1,649,320 us-gaap_InventoryNet $ 4,677,526 us-gaap_InventoryNet Chronic Illness Monitoring Inventory, Finished Goods, Gross 589,423 us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 1,249,220 us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Finished goods held by distributors 2,720,626 fil_FinishedGoodsHeldByDistributors / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 3,428,306 fil_FinishedGoodsHeldByDistributors / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Inventory, Gross 3,310,049 us-gaap_InventoryGross / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 4,677,526 us-gaap_InventoryGross / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Inventory Valuation Reserves (1,660,729) us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Inventory $ 1,649,320 us-gaap_InventoryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember $ 4,677,526 us-gaap_InventoryNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_FinishedGoodsHeldByDistributors Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Gross amount, as of the balance sheet date, of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryGross Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386567&loc=d3e3927-108312 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of valuation reserve for inventory. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386567&loc=d3e3927-108312 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SX 210.12-09) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.BB) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011343&loc=d3e100047-122729 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 09 -Article 12 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryValuationReserves Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: EXCEL 45 Financial_Report.xls IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-"E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-"D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W
M9&4P-#@R8C '!L;W)E &UL;G,Z=CTS1")U &UL;G,Z;STS1")U &UL/@T*(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:V)O;VL^#0H@(#QX
M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T 5]);F9O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D-O;G-O;&ED
M871E9%]3=&%T96UE;G1S7V]F7U-T;SPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9%]3=&%T96UE;G1S7V]F7T-A
M #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C%?3W)G
M86YI>F%T:6]N7V%N9%].871U #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O
M #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C)?4F5S=&%T96UE;G1?86YD7T%M96YD;65N
M=%]O9CPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C-?
M4W5M;6%R>5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=3PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX
M.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O
M #I.86UE/C1?1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D7T]P97)A=&EO
M;G,\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C9?4')O#I.
M86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O 6%B;&4\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C$S7T1E 3PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/C$T7U!R969E #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C$U7T-O;6UO
M;E]3=&]C:SPO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE
M/C$V7T-O;6UO;E]3=&]C:U]/#I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/C$W7U-E9VUE;G1?26YF;W)M871I
M;VX\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C%?
M3W)G86YI>F%T:6]N7V%N9%].871U #I7;W)K #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/@T*
M("`@(#QX.E=O #I%
M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C-?4W5M;6%R>5]O9E]3:6=N
M:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=3,\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C-?4W5M;6%R>5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=38\
M+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C-?
M4W5M;6%R>5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=3D\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\
M>#I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.
M86UE/C-?4W5M;6%R>5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=3$Q/"]X.DYA;64^
M#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C-?4W5M;6%R
M>5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=3$T/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R
M:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I.86UE/C1?1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D7T]P97)A
M=&EO;G-?4V-H93PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.
M86UE/C1?1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D7T]P97)A=&EO;G-?4V-H93$\+W@Z3F%M93X-
M"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O 6%B;&5?/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H
M965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C$V7T-O
M;6UO;E]3=&]C:U]/#I7
M;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C-?4W5M;6%R>5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=3$W/"]X.DYA
M;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C-?4W5M
M;6%R>5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=3(P/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z
M5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*
M("`@(#QX.E=O #I%
M>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C-?4W5M;6%R>5]O9E]3:6=N
M:69I8V%N=%]!8V-O=3(S/"]X.DYA;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U
M #I%>&-E;%=O #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C1?1&ES8V]N=&EN=65D7T]P97)A=&EO;G-?4V-H
M93(\+W@Z3F%M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C9?
M4')O#I7;W)K #I%>&-E
M;%=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/CE?3F]T97-?4&%Y86)L95]38VAE9'5L95]O9E]$93$\+W@Z3F%M
M93X-"B`@("`\>#I7;W)K 6%B
M;&5?4V-H961U;&5?;V9?#I%>&-E;%=O 6%B;&5?,3PO
M>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C$Q7TQO #I7;W)K
M #I7;W)K #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C$U7T-O;6UO;E]3=&]C:U]$971A:6QS/"]X.DYA
M;64^#0H@("`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C$V7T-O;6UO;E]3=&]C:U]/#I7;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C$X
M7TEN8V]M95]487AE #I%>&-E;%=O &5S7U-C:&5D=6QE7V]F7T1E
M,3PO>#I.86UE/@T*("`@(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E;%=O #I.86UE/C$X7TEN
M8V]M95]487AE #I7
M;W)K #I%>&-E;%=O
M #I.86UE/@T*("`@
M(#QX.E=O #I%>&-E
M;%=O 6QE #I!8W1I
M=F53:&5E=#X-"B`@/'@Z4')O=&5C=%-T #I0 #I0 #I0
M &UL/CPA
M6V5N9&EF72TM/@T*/"]H96%D/@T*("`\8F]D>3X-"B`@(#QP/E1H:7,@'1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*
M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A
M-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^04-4259%0T%212P@24Y#+CQS
M'0^
M,3`M2SQS'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S2!#=7)R
M96YT(%)E2!&:6QE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^,C`Q-#QS'0^1ED\ 2!#;VUM;VX@4W1O8VLL(%-H87)E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT
M4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E
M;G-E '0^)FYB '0^)FYB 6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '!E;G-E 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 6%B;&4L(&YE="!O9B!C=7)R96YT('!O 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X
M.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R
M8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-
M"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]SF5D/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L
M87-S/3-$;G5M7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2P@;V8@ 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S
M '!E;G-E+"!N970\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA
M '!E;G-E*3H\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B
M-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q
M7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]SF%T:6]N(&]F(%-E '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W
M9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C
M:&%R '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]SF%T:6]N/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M3PO=&0^
M#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 2!R961U8W1I;VX@9F]R
M(&]B '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D
M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W,"PP-#,I/'-P86X^/"]S2!N;W1E 6%B;&4\+W1D
M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6UE;G1S(&]N(&YO=&5S('!A>6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 65A 65A 2!N;W1E 6%B;&4@8V]N=F5R=&5D('1O('!R969E
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@=&\@9&5B96YT=7)E '!E;G-E '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*
M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A
M-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA F%T:6]N(&%N9"!.871U '0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[=&5X="UI;F1E;G0Z+2XR-6EN.W1E>'0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU
M '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z,34N-S5P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,34N-S5P=#MT97AT+6%U
M=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!A 28C,30V.W,@86)I;&ET>2!T;R!C;VYT:6YU
M92!A '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF
M>3II;G1E 2!T
M;R!E;&EM:6YA=&4@ 2P@9V5N97)A=&4@2!D96)T(&]R(&5Q=6ET>2!F=6YD:6YG('1O(&UE970@:71S
M('!R;VIE8W1E9"!C87!I=&%L(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@ 2!C;VYS:7-T(&]F(')A:7-I;F2!H879E('1O(&-E87-E(&]P97)A=&EO;G,N)B,Q-C`[(#PO
M3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F
M,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!297!O '0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQO
M;"!S=&%R=#TS1#(@='EP93TS1#$@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2P@:70@=V%S(&1E
M=&5R;6EN960@8F5T=&5R('!R86-T:6-E('1O(&1E9F5R(')E=F5N=64@ '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!A;F0@;W1H97(@ 7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!O9B!3
M:6=N:69I8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^/&]L('-T87)T/3-$,R!T>7!E
M/3-$,2!S='EL93TS1&UA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!B86QA;F-E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E '!E;G-E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!A;&P@;V8@:71S(&-U 6UE;G0@;V8@)#0Q,BPR.#`@9F]R('1H92!C=7-T;VUE 65A 2!S;VQD('1H92!N970@87-S
M971S(&%N9"!O65A 2X\+W`^(#QP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI
M9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN+71O2!M96%S=7)E9"!T:&4@9F%I 6%B
M;&4@87!P 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!P 2!M
M86EN=&%I;G,@86X@86QL;W=A;F-E(&9O '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 65A 2!H860@ '0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!P=7)C:&%S960@ 2!A;&P@;V8@:71S('!R;V1U8W1S(&%N9"!S=7!P;&EE '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU
M '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z,S8N-S5P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM+C 6UE;G0@:&ES=&]R
M:65S+B8C,38P.R!!8V-O=6YT 6UE;G0@9&%T92XF(S$V,#L@26YT97)E
M 2X\+W`^(#QP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU
M '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[=&5X
M="UA=71O 6QE/3-$)VUA 3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z,S8N-S5P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM+C '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 2!I 2!D:7-T 2!E
M F%B;&4@=F%L=65S(&-O=6QD(&-H86YG92!I;B!T:&4@;F5A 6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P
M+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[
M('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW
M)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T
M97AT(#$N,'!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C$P+C!P="6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[(&)A
M8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 3PO6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
M+C8X)3L@'0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[
M(&)A8VMG '0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ '0@,2XP6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M,RXW)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!D;W5B;&4@=VEN
M9&]W=&5X="`R+C(U6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
M+C8X)3L@'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M
M:6YD96YT.BTS-BXW-7!T.W1E>'0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!A
M;F0@17%U:7!M96YT/"]I/CPO'0M
M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G F%T:6]N(&%R92!D971E F5D(&]V97(@=&AE('-H;W)T97(@;V8@=&AE(&5S=&EM871E9"!U '!E;F1I='5R97,@9F]R(&UA:6YT96YA;F-E(&%N9"!R97!A
M:7)S(&%R92!E>'!E;G-E9"!A 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT+"!A
M;GD@9V%I;G,@;W(@;&]S 6QE/3-$)VUA 3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!O
M 6EN9R!V86QU92!M87D@;F]T(&)E(')E8V]V97)A8FQE+B8C,38P.R!4:&4@
M86YN=6%L('1E 2!I
M;F-O 2!O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S2!Y96%R 2`D.#DL-#8P(&%N9"!P871E;G1S(&)Y("0T,#@L,S,R(&%S(&]F
M(%-E2!R96QA=&5D('1O('1H92!#87)E4V5R=FEC97,@
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT
M+6%U=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU
M &5D(&]R(&1E=&5R;6EN86)L92!A;F0@8V]L;&5C=&EO
M;B!I 2!T:&5I #2!O
M=F5R('1H92!P97)I;V0@;V8@=&AE(&-O;G1R86-T+B8C,38P.R!4:&4@=&5R
M;2!O9B!T:&5S92!C;VYT '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!T:&4@9&ES=')I8G5T;W(@=&\@=&AE(&5N9"!U
M 2!F 2!N;W0@8VAA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF
M>3MT97AT+6IU 2!E
M=F%L=6%T97,@96%C:"!E;&5M96YT(&EN(&$@;75L=&EP;&4M96QE;65N="!A
M 2XF(S$V,#L@26X@9&5T97)M:6YI;F2!C=7-T;VUE 2!M;VYI=&]R:6YG(&9E92X\+W`^(#QP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ
M:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU &ES=',N($EF(%933T4@;V8@ 2!E=FED96YC92`H5%!%*2!O
M9B!S96QL:6YG('!R:6-E(&ES('5S960@=&\@97-T86)L:7-H('1H92!S96QL
M:6YG('!R:6-E(&EF(&ET(&5X:7-T '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!L96%S97,@;6]N:71O 2!B92!C86YC96QL960@8GD@96ET
M:&5R('!A 2!T:6UE('=I=&@@,S`M9&%Y 2XF
M(S$V,#L@4F5V96YU92!O;B!D979I8V5S(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@870@=&AE
M(&5N9"!O9B!E86-H(&UO;G1H('1H92!#87)E4V5R=FEC97,@:&%V92!B965N
M('!R;W9I9&5D+B8C,38P.R!);B!T:&]S92!C:7)C=6US=&%N8V5S(&EN('=H
M:6-H('!A>6UE;G0@:7,@ '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E 6UE;G0@:&%S(&]C8W5R 2!A 6UE;G0@=&5R;7,N
M/"]P/B`\&5D
M(&]R(&1E=&5R;6EN86)L92P@86YD(&-O;&QE8W1I;VX@=V%S(')E87-O;F%B
M;'D@87-S=7)E9"XF(S$V,#L@4')I;W(@=&\@=&AE('-A;&4@;V8@=&AE(')E
M86=E;G0@ 2!A 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI
M9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF
M>3MT97AT+6IU '!E;G-E 2X@5&AE(&5X7-T96T@86YD(&-U 7-T96TN/"]P/B`\65A 2XF(S$V,#L@061V97)T:7-I;F28C,30V.W,@0VAR;VYI
M8R!);&QN97-S($UO;FET;W)I;F6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!R96-O
M9VYI>F5S(&1E9F5R "!C;VYS97%U96YC97,@
M;V8@979E;G1S('1H870@:&%V92!B965N(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@=&AE(&9I
M;F%N8VEA;"!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]R(&EN8V]M92!T87@@ "!A 2!T:&%N(&YO="!T
M:&5S92!A '!E;G-E(&%N9"!I;F-O;64@=&%X('!R;W9I '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G &5R8VES92!L971T97(@9G)O;2!T
M:&4@=V%R 2!O9B!C;VYV97)S:6]N+"!A;F0@
M:&%S(')E8V5I=F5D(&$@8V]N=F5R 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
M+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M86QI
M9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S65E('-E F5D(&EN
M('1H92!S=&%T96UE;G1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G,@;W9E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 65A 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT
M97AT+6%U=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF
M>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S&5R8VES92!O9B!C;VUM;VX@ 6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXP."4[(&)A8VMG 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXS-"4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XX."4[
M(&)O '0M86QI
M9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXP."4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
M,RXP."4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXS-"4[(&)A8VMG
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXP."4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XX."4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C '0M86QI9VXZ '0@,BXR-7!T.R!B;W)D97(M '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.W1E>'0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!D:7-P;W-A;',@ 2!O9B!T:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG(&]C8W5R 2!O 2!I 2!S86QE+"!O 2!O 2!I 2!A9&]P=&EO;B!I 2!I 2P@;V8@:6UP;&5M96YT:6YG('1H:7,@9W5I9&%N8V4@;VX@
M:71S(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9"!F:6YA;F-I86P@'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E
M '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2`R,#$T+"!T:&4@1D%30B!I 2!A;&P@97AI 2!B92!R97%U:7)E
M9"!W:71H:6X@=&AE(')E=F5N=64@ &ES=&EN9R!54R!'04%0+B!4:&4@ 2!A9&]P=&EO;B!I 2!I 2P@;V8@:6UP;&5M96YT:6YG('1H:7,@9W5I9&%N8V4@
M;VX@:71S(&-O;G-O;&ED871E9"!F:6YA;F-I86P@'0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!T;R!E=F%L=6%T92P@
M96%C:"!R97!O 2!I 2P@;V8@:6UP;&5M96YT
M:6YG('1H:7,@9W5I9&%N8V4@86YD('=I;&P@:6YC;W)P;W)A=&4@:70@:6X@
M:71S(&%S 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 3PO:3XN(%1H92!!4U4@8VQA 65A 2!A '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A
M,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V
M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA 2`R,#$U(&%N9"!R96UA:6YS(&%N(&]B;&EG871I;VX@
M;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@*'-E92!.;W1E(#(P*2XF(S$V,#L@5&AE '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I
M;CXF;F)S6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z
M,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXR
M)3L@'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$T
M/"]B/CPO6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
M9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,2XP6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,BXR-7!T.R!B86-K
M9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU
M '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S65E+B8C,38P.R!4:&4@ '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!N;R!L;VYG97(@:&]L9',@86YY
M(&]W;F5R 2P@
M86-C;W5N=',@6QE/3-$)VUA 3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`T.2XX,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M-"XV."4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T
M.2XX,B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C$T+C,U6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R-"XV."4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@'0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[
M(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV."4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.2XX,B4[(&)A8VMG
M '0M:6YD96YT.C$T+C,U'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M,BXP-B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV."4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[('!A9&1I;F '!E;G-E
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[('!A9&1I;F '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M-"XV."4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T
M.2XX,B4[(&)A8VMG '0M:6YD96YT.C$T+C,U6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV."4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV
M."4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '!E;G-E '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,2XP6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '!E;G-E*3H\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(T)2!V86QI9VX],T1B
M;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV
M."4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"
M145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@
M8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.2XX,B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C$T+C,U'0@,2XP6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*
M0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A
M-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT
M+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN-6EN)SX\
M8CXU+B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P
M.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N
M8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R`\+V(^/&(^0W5S=&]M97(@0V]N=')A
M8W1S/"]B/CPO'0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '!E;G-E
M(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE 65A 2X\+W`^(#QP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA 3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 65A F%T:6]N('=A F5D(&)E
M='=E96X@3V-T;V)E '1087)T
M7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N
M="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V
M8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!$:7-C;&]S=7)E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^/'`@ '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN-S5I;B6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXV)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)O
M 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXV)3L@6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
M+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M:6YD96YT.C$P+C!P="'0@,2XP'0@,2XP
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U,RXV)3L@F%T:6]N
M/"]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R,B4@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T=&]M('-T
M>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW
M-"4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:6YD96YT.C$P+C!P="6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)O '0@,BXR-7!T.R!P861D:6YG
M.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6EN9R!A;6]U;G1S(&]R(&9A:7(@=F%L=65S
M+"!L97-S('1H92!E 2!S;VQD(&%L;"!O
M9B!I=',@97%U:7!M96YT(&QE87-E9"!T;R!C=7-T;VUE '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^
M/"$M+65G>"TM/B`\6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6%L='D@;VX@=&AE(&YE="!S86QE F5D('1H92!I;FET:6%L(&QI
M8V5N 2!I '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E
M F%T:6]N(&5XF5D(&)E='=E96X@3V-T;V)E
M 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C
M,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '!E;G-E '0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN-6EN)SX\8CXX+B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N
M8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P
M.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.R`\
M+V(^/&(^06-C '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF
M>3II;G1E '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.3$N,'!T.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD.B!W:&ET93L@'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$T/"]B/CPO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!T;R!I 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-"XP6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-"XP'0M86QI9VXZ '!E;G-E(#PO'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-"XP'0M86QI
M9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,2XU6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-"XP
M6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,2XU
M'0@,2XP6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G '0@,2XP'0M:6YD96YT.C$W+C$U
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B
M7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F
M,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C
M 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@
M8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E 2!H860@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!N;W1E '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF
M>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BXU
M:6XG/B9N8G-P.SPO6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR
M6%B;&4@ 2!#87)E4V5R=FEC97,@8W5S
M=&]M97(@8V]N=')A8W1S+"!I;7!U=&5D(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@;V8@,3(E
M+"!M;VYT:&QY(&EN 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M,RXS2!B86-K('1H92!R96-E:79A8FQE
M(&9O 2!C87-H('!A>6UE;G1S(&)E9F]R92!*
M=6YE(#(P,34N)B,Q-C`[(%1H92`D,S,L,S,S(&1I9F9E '!E;G-E(&]V97(@=&AE(&)U
M>6)A8VL@=&5R;2X\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1#DX('9A;&EG;CTS
M1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-S,N,G!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C
M1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6%B;&4@=VET:"!N;R!I;G1E F5D('1O(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X6UE;G0@;V8@-C8W+#`P,"!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T('1H
M92!E;F0@;V8@=&AE('1E 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR2!I '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD
M.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!T:&4@0V]M2=S(&%S 2!I 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!P
M861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D
M:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 2!C=7-T;VUE 6%B;&4@:6X@;6]N=&AL
M>2!I;G-T86QL;65N=',L(&%N9"!D=64@1F5B 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS
M'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,2XP6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$%%148S.R!P
M861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!P861D:6YG
M.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6%B;&4\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS
M1#DX('9A;&EG;CTS1&)O='1O;2!S='EL93TS1"=W:61T:#H@-S,N,G!T.R!P
M861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI
M9VXZ '0M:6YD96YT.C(P+C!P="'0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0@
M,2XP'0@,2XP'0M:6YD96YT.C$P+C!P="6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR'0@,BXR-7!T
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$%%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BXU:6XG/B9N8G-P.SPO
M'0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E
M.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXR-B4[('!A
M9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CX\=3Y996%R 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S."XW,B4[('!A9&1I
M;F 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`R+C@E.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P
M:6X@-2XT6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S."XW,B4[(&)A
M8VMG 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXR-B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXR,#$V
M/"]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S."XW,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U+C(E.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG
M.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXF
M;F)S6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U+C(E.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R+C@E.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0@,BXR-7!T.R!B;W)D97(M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT
M;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@
M("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X
M="]J879A 2!.;W1E 6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*
M("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6%B;&4\+V(^/"]P
M/B`\6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E
M.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A
M9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[
M(&)O 2!T:&%T('!U 2!B86-K('1H92!R96-E:79A8FQE(&9O 2!T:&4@96YT:71I97,@8F5F;W)E($UA 6)A8VL@86YD(&-A F5D
M('1O(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[(&)A8VMG 2!B=7D@8F%C:R!T:&4@ 6)A8VL@86YD(&-A 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!I
M;B!D969A=6QT+"!A;F0@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT;R!C;VUM;VX@ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[(&)A8VMG 2!C;VYT 2!I F5D('1O
M(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X'0M
M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ '0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@
M6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[(&)A8VMG 2!A;B!O9F9I8V5R
M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I=&@@:6YT97)E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!A;B!O9F9I8V5R(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I
M=&@@:6YT97)E '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[('!A9&1I;F 2!C;VYT 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
M9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[
M(&)A8VMG 2P@ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[('!A9&1I;F 6%B;&4@=&\@86X@96YT:71Y(&-O;G1R;VQL
M960@8GD@86X@;V9F:6-E 2!W:71H(&EN=&5R97-T
M(&%T(#$R)2`H,3@E(&%F=&5R(&1U92!D871E*2P@9'5E($IU;F4@,C`Q,RXF
M(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#4L-C`P('-H87)E 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&
M,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&
M,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A9&1I;F 2!W:71H(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#$R)2P@9'5E($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P
M,34N)B,Q-C`[(%1H92!D96)E;G1U '0M86QI
M9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V
M)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ '0@,2XP
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q-RXR-"4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@
M'0M86QI9VXZ '0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q-RXR-"4[(&)O '0@,BXR-7!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '1087)T7V8S96,P
M960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W
M9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN-6EN)SX\8CXQ,2XF;F)S'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!O9F9E &EM871E;'D@
M)#$L.30V+#`P,"!W97)E(&-O;G9E 2!A;'-O(&]F9F5R960@=&AE('!R
M:79A=&4@&ES=&EN9R!I
M;G9E 2`D,3$T
M+#`P,#$Q-"PP.3@@)B,Q-C`[86YD("0Y+#,U-BPP,#`Y+#,U-2PU.#65A 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S
M,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E
M 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 2!L
M979E;',@87,@9F]L;&]W 6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,S@V+C)P=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;&%P 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-RXW6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C@N-7!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S
M.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`U-RXW6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-RXW2!I 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S
M,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN-6EN)SX\8CXQ,RXF;F)S3PO8CX\+W`^(#QP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!A 65A '!E8W1E9"!V;VQA=&EL:71Y(&ES(&)A '!E8W1E9"!L:69E(&]F('1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N(&]P=&EO
M;BXF(S$V,#L@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@ 65A 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI
M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 28C,30V.W,@0V5R=&EF
M:6-A=&4@;V8@26YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;BP@=&AE($)O87)D(&]F($1I 2!T;R!A;65N9"!T:&4@0V]M28C,30V
M.W,@0V5R=&EF:6-A=&4@;V8@26YC;W)P;W)A=&EO;BP@=VET:&]U="!F=7)T
M:&5R('-T;V-K:&]L9&5R(&%P'0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E 65A 2!A8V-R=65D("0Q,2PS
M-C'0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E 2!R961E96T@=&AE(%-E 2!R961U8V5D(&)Y(&1I=FED96YD('!A>6UE;G1S(&]V97(@
M,C4@=&\@,S(@;6]N=&AS+B8C,38P.R!!9G1E 6%L=&EE 28C,30V.W,@9W)O 2!F;W(@82!T=V\M>65A '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 65A '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 65A 2P@;V8@."4@=6YT:6P@07!R:6P@,S`L(#(P,34L(#$V)2!F 2`Q
M+"`R,#$U('1O($IU;'D@,S$L(#(P,34L(#(P)2!F '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!I 6QE/3-$9&ES3IN;VYE/B`\+V9O
M;G0^/&9O;G0@ 2!S971T;&5D("0Q-#0L,#,P(&]F(&1I=FED96YD
M 2!P87EI;F6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!L:7%U:61A=&EO;BP@9&ES
M 2P@8F5F;W)E
M(&%N>2!D:7-T 6UE;G0@:6X@9G5L;"!T;R!A;&P@:&]L
M9&5R 2!I;B!P 2!W;W5L9"!O=&AE '10
M87)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N
M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?
M83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E
M '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E &5C=71I=F4@3V9F
M:6-E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!F;W(@=&AE(&5X97)C:7-E(&]F(&UO9&EF:65D('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO
M;B!A9W)E96UE;G1S("AT:&4@97AE 65A '0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E &5R8VES92!O9B!A(&UO9&EF:65D('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;B!A
M9W)E96UE;G0@*'1H92!E>&5R8VES92!P 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6%B;&4@;W)I9VEN
M871I;VX@9F5E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!I;G9E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN,C5I;B'0M86QI9VXZ
M:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD
M96YT.BTN,C5I;B6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN,C5I;B65A 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!A;B!O9F9I8V5R(&]F
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&9O 2!O=F5R('1W;R!Y96%R 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT
M97AT+6IU '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P
M-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C
M,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA
M '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0M
M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '!E8W1E
M9"!L:69E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G,@;W(@=V%R '!E
M8W1E9"!T97)M(&]F('1H92!S=&]C:R!O6EE;&0@8W5R=F4@:6X@969F
M96-T(&%T('1H92!T:6UE(&]F(&=R86YT+B8C,38P.R!4:&4@9&EV:61E;F0@
M>6EE;&0@:7,@>F5R;RXF(S$V,#L@/"]P/B`\2!M96%S=7)E9"!T:&4@9F%I '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$T/"]B
M/CPO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G &5R8VES92!P 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N
M=&5R)SXF;F)S6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 3PO6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M
M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXF;F)S6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[('!A
M9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXP+C$Q)2`M(#`N.3(E/"]P/B`\+W1D
M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0S)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)A8VMG
M '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXP)3PO
M6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!F;W(@
M;F]T97,@2!R96-O9VYI>F5D
M("0U.3`L.#@W(&]F(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X&5R8VES92!P 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT
M+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN,C5I;B&5R8VES92!P 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '!I 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '!I 2`R,#$X.SPO'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT
M.BTN,C5I;B&5R8VES92!P 2`R,#$Y.SPO
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD
M96YT.BTN,C5I;B&5R8VES92!P
M 2!O8G1A:6YI;F'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN,C5I;B6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E 2!M;V1I9FEE9"!T:&4@
M97AE 2!I 6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z-BXV-6EN.V)O 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.C8Q+C5P=#MB;W)D97(Z '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C8Q+C5P=#MB;W)D
M97(Z '0@,2XP'0@,2XP6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C4U+C$U6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF
M>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$9&ES3IN;VYE
M/C0U,#`P,#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1# '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0@,2XP'0@,2XP
M'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C4U+C$U6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M
M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$9&ES3IN;VYE/C$P,#@P,#`\+V9O;G0^/"]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U
M."!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@ '0@,2XP'0@
M,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C8Q+C5P=#MB;W)D97(Z '0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.C4U+C$U6QE/3-$)VUA '0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0M
M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.C4U+C$U6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$9&ES3IN;VYE/C$N,3`\+V9O;G0^/"]P/B`\+W1D
M/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0U."!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`@ '0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$9&ES3IN;VYE/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0X,B!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`@ '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '!E
M;G-E/"]F;VYT/CPO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C4U+C$U6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E 6QE/3-$9&ES3IN;VYE/C4Y
M,#@X-SPO9F]N=#X\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1# '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT
M97AT+6IU '0M86QI
M9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT
M97AT+6IU '0M86QI9VXZ
M:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.C8Q+C5P
M=#MB;W)D97(Z '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT
M97AT+6IU '0M86QI
M9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0@,2XP
M'0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[(&)O '0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXF(S$V,#M796EG:'1E9"U!
M=F5R86=E($5X97)C:7-E(%!R:6-E(#PO8CX\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#PO='(^(#QT
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
M9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&
M,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C$P+C!P="6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&
M,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M
M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q
M7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0]
M,T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 28C,30V.W,@7-I8V%L(&%C=&EV:71Y('1O(&EN 2!P 2!N;R!L;VYG97(@:&]L
M9',@86YY(&]W;F5R '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!R86ES97,@8V%P:71A;"!A;F0@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[
M(&)O '0@
M,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^
M/&(^4F5A9V5N=',@/"]B/CPO'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^/&(^5&]T
M86P@/"]B/CPO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR
M,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M:6YD96YT.C 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A
M8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@'!E;G-E+"!N970\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$S
M)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@'0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@65A 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M:6YD96YT.C 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M:6YD96YT.C 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG '0M
M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@'!E;G-E+"!N
M970\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A
M8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:6YD96YT.C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A
M &5S/&)R/CPO '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 69O 69O 2!W:6QL('!E F5D+CPO'0M
M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M:6YD96YT.BTN-S5P=#XF;F)S6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN
M+71O69O "!L87=S(&EN(&5F9F5C="P@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S$T-CMS(&9U='5R92!E
M87)N:6YG "!A 2!D969E 6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN+71O&5S(&%R92!D971E 65A '!E8W1E9#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N="!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.FYO 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$9F]N="UW96EG:'0Z;F]R;6%L/E1H92!D
M969E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,"XW)3L@8F]R9&5R
M.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N,'!T
M.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`S+C8T)3L@'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8T)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"
M145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI
M9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S+C8T)3L@'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R,"XW)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0@,BXR-7!T.R!B;W)D97(M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`S+C8T)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,BXR-7!T.R!B;W)D97(M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU &5S(&%T
M('1H92!F961E 2!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A=&4@86YD('1H
M92!#;VUP86YY)B,Q-#8[ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT
M97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT-"4[(&)O "!B96YE9FET(&%T('-T871U
M=&]R>2!R871E/"]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R,R4@=F%L:6=N/3-$
M8F]T=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R,"XW)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT-"4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT-"4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,"XW)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"
M145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`R,RXT-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,"XW)3L@8F]R9&5R+71O'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 65A F5D
M('1A>"!B96YE9FET "!P;W-I=&EO;G,@=&%K96X@;W(@9G)O
M;2!L87!S960@ &EN9R!A=71H;W)I
M=&EE "!R871E+"!A;F0@=&AE 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0M:G5S=&EF
M>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6UE;G1S('5N9&5R(&YO;BUC86YC96QA8FQE(&]P97)A=&EN
M9R!L96%S97,@87,@;V8@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#,P+"`R,#$T('=E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXU-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXR,#$U/"]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0S)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S-RXW."4[(&)A8VMG 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C`T)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S-RXW."4[('!A
M9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXF;F)S'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXF;F)S6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C`T)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S-RXW."4[
M('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C`T)3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1!145&,SL@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U+C8T)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1!145&,SL@
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXU-"4[
M('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U+C8T
M)3L@'0M86QI
M9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M:G5S=&EF
M>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 28C,30V.W,@ '!E
M;G-E(&9O &EM871E;'D@)#(W.2PP,#`@86YD("0R,C4L,#`P+"!R
M97-P96-T:79E;'DN/"]P/B`\2`R,#$S+"!T:&4@0V]M2!E;G1E 2!T:&4@ 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM
M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P
M-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!E;G1E '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+71O'0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 2!I 65E '0M:6YD96YT.BTN,C5I;CMT
M97AT+6%U=&]S6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP
M,#`Q'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!A;65N9&5D(&%N(&5X:7-T
M:6YG(&%G 2!T=V\@>65A 6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN.C!I;CMM87)G
M:6XM8F]T=&]M.BXP,#`Q'0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E 2!A;65N
M9&5D(&%N(&5X:7-T:6YG(&%G 2`R,#$V+CPO'0M:6YD96YT.BTN,C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S2!W:&EC:"!W;W5L9"!R97%U
M:7)E('1H92!#;VUP86YY('1O(&ES '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN
M+71O'0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!F;W(@)#$P,"PP,#`@:6X@8V%S:"XF(S$V,#L@5&AE("0S,"PP
M,#`@9&EF9F5R96YC92!B971W965N('1H92!P87EM96YT(&%M;W5N="!A;F0@
M8V%S:"!R96-E:79E9"!I '!E8W1E9"!T97)M+CPO'0M
M:6YD96YT.BTN,C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S2!A;&P@;V8@:71S($-A
M 2XF(S$V,#L@061D:71I
M;VYA;"!E<75I65R
M('!U 6UE;G0@;V8@)#0Q,BPR
M.#`@9F]R('1H92!C=7-T;VUE '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF
M>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+71O'0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2`R,#$U+"!T:&4@0V]M
M2!M;V1I9FEE9"!T:&4@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE('-E8W5R960@8GD@0V%R
M95-E 2`R,#$U+B8C,38P.R!4:&4@;F]T92!P87EA
M8FQE(&ES(&=U87)A;G1E960@8GD@=&AE($-H86ER;6%N(&]F('1H92!";V%R
M9"!O9B!$:7)E8W1O '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU
M '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R
M9VEN+71O'0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!R96-E:79E9"!A
M9'9A;F-E 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C
M,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT
M+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z,34N-S5P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM,34N-S5P=#MT97AT
M+6%U=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E
M 2!A
M 28C,30V.W,@86)I;&ET>2!T;R!C;VYT
M:6YU92!A '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E 2!T;R!E;&EM:6YA=&4@ 2P@9V5N97)A=&4@2!D96)T(&]R(&5Q=6ET>2!F=6YD:6YG('1O(&UE970@
M:71S('!R;VIE8W1E9"!C87!I=&%L(&EN=F5S=&UE;G0@ 2!C;VYS:7-T(&]F(')A:7-I;F2!H879E('1O(&-E87-E(&]P97)A=&EO;G,N)B,Q-C`[
M(#PO'1087)T
M7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N
M="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V
M8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!O9B!3
M:6=N:69I8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S.B!5 '0M:G5S=&EF>3II
M;G1E '!E;G-E 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[
M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@
M/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J
M879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!A;&P@;V8@:71S(&-U 6UE
M;G0@;V8@)#0Q,BPR.#`@9F]R('1H92!C=7-T;VUE 65A 2!S;VQD('1H92!N970@87-S971S(&%N9"!O
M65A 2X\+W`^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R
M8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T
M>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$;6%R9VEN+71O2!M96%S=7)E9"!T:&4@9F%I 6%B;&4@87!P 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R
M8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT
M+6IU 2!H87,@8V%S
M:"!I;B!B86YK(&%C8V]U;G1S('1H870L(&%T('1I;65S+"!M87D@97AC965D
M(&9E9&5R86QL>2!I;G-U '!E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!P97)F;W)M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z,S8N-S5P=#MT97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#HM+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF
M>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S65A
M 2!H860@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U
M=&]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q
M7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0]
M,T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M86QI
M9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z,S8N-S5P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#HM+C 6UE;G0@:&ES=&]R:65S+B8C,38P.R!!8V-O=6YT 6UE;G0@
M9&%T92XF(S$V,#L@26YT97)E 2X\+W`^/'-P86X^/"]S
M3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q
M7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0]
M,T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E
M '0M:6YD96YT.BTN-S5P=#MT97AT+6%U=&]S3PO
M:3X\+W`^(#QP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z,S8N
M-S5P=#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HM+C 2!H
M96QD(&)Y(&1I 2!T:&4@9&ES=')I8G5T;W(N)B,Q-C`[(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5S=&EM
M871E &-E '0@
M,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$T/"]B/CPO
M6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"
M145&,SL@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M86QI9VXZ
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1!145&,SL@6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C(P+C!P="6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P
M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N,'!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ '0@,2XP6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R,RXW)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M.2XW."4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW
M."4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X
M.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R
M8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-
M"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N="!!
M8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S.B!0 2P@4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP
M;65N="P@4&]L:6-Y("A0;VQI8VEE 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S '0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT
M+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[
M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT(&%R92!S=&%T960@
M870@8V]S="P@;&5S 2!G86EN '1087)T7V8S
M96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,
M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S
M,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!O9B!3:6=N
M:69I8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S.B!';V]D=VEL;"`H4&]L:6-I
M97,I/&)R/CPO '0M:G5S
M=&EF>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!O 6EN9R!V
M86QU92!M87D@;F]T(&)E(')E8V]V97)A8FQE+B8C,38P.R!4:&4@86YN=6%L
M('1E 2!I;F-O 7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0M:G5S=&EF
M>3II;G1E '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA 3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]SF5D('5S:6YG('1H92!S=')A:6=H
M="UL:6YE(&UE=&AO9"!O=F5R('1H92!E 6EN
M9R!A;6]U;G1S(&]F('-U8V@@87-S971S(&UA>2!N;W0@8F4@ 65A '1087)T7V8S96,P
M960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W
M9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I
M8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S.B!2979E;G5E(%)E8V]G;FET:6]N
M("A0;VQI8VEE '0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T>6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M86QI
M9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF
M>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E F5D('=H
M96X@&ES
M=',L(&1E;&EV97)Y(&]F('1H92!P 2!A '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M
M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 2!A9&UI;FES
M=')A=&]R 2P@=&AE(&-U '!E;G-E
M 2!D:7-T 2!M86YA9V4N)B,Q-C`[($-A 2!A;'-O(&UO;FET;W)S('1H92!E;F0@
M=7-E F5D(')A=&%B;'D@;W9E 2!O;F4@>65A 2P@875T;VUA=&EC86QL>2!R96YE=R!F;W(@86YO
M=&AE 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT
M97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!A;'-O(&5N=&5R 2!I 2!T;R!T:&4@96YD('5S97(@86YD(&-A 7!I8V%L;'D@;F]T(&-H87)G960@=&\@96YD('5S97)S+B8C,38P
M.R!4:&4@ 2!A 2!B96=A;B!T;R!P 2!R
M96-E:79E 2!S;VQD(&)Y('1H92!V96YD;W(@;VX@82!S=&%N
M9"UA;&]N92!B87-I &ES
M=',N($EF(%933T4@;V8@ 2!E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 2!E;G1E 2!A="!A;GD@=&EM
M92!W:71H(#,P+61A>7,@;F]T:6-E+B8C,38P.R!5;F1E F5D(&%T('1H92!E;F0@;V8@96%C:"!M;VYT:"!T
M:&4@0V%R95-E 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU F5D('=H96X@&ES=',L(&1E
M;&EV97)Y(&]F('1H92!D979I8V4@;W(@ 2!A 2!P87EM96YT('1E '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 7!E.B!T
M97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE
M860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^
M/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S
M=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '!E;G-E 2X@5&AE(&5X7-T96T@86YD(&-U 7-T96TN/"]P/CQS7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 65A 2XF(S$V,#L@061V97)T:7-I;F28C,30V.W,@0VAR;VYI
M8R!);&QN97-S($UO;FET;W)I;F3X-
M"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A
M-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G
M=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R &5S("A0;VQI8VEE &5S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#X\(2TM96=X+2T^/'`@ '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M875T;W-P86-E.FYO;F4[;6%R9VEN
M+6QE9G0Z+C5I;CMT97AT+6%U=&]S"!A '!E8W1E9"!F=71U "!R971U "!R97!O "!R871E '!E8W1E9"!T;R!A2!W:&5N('1H92!D:69F97)E;F-E "!A 2!F;W(@ 7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/"$M+65G>"TM
M/CQP('-T>6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT
M+6IU 2!M96%S=7)E &-H86YG92!F
M;W(@86X@87=A 65E(&ES(')E<75I &-H
M86YG92!F;W(@=&AE(&%W87)D("8C,34P.R!T:&4@ 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D
M-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O
M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2`H5&%B;&5S*3QB '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0M:6YD96YT.BTS-BXW-7!T
M.W1E>'0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$S/"]B/CPO6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M
M:6YD96YT.C$P+C!P="2!D:7-T '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0@,2XP6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@
M8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW
M)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT
M(#$N,'!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT
M'0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@
M(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C(P+C!P="3PO'0@,BXR-7!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XW."4[(&)O '0@,BXR-7!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F
M,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M,RXS-"4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`Q.2XX."4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXS-"4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XX."4[
M('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`U,RXP."4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXP."4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXS
M-"4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XX."4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`R,RXS-"4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,BXR-7!T.R!B
M;W)D97(M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XX."4[(&)O '0@,2XP6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R
M=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`R,RXT)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!S;VQI
M9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N,'!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$S/"]B/CPO6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXR)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT)3L@8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXR)3L@'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXR
M)3L@'0@,2XP6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P.B!S;VQI
M9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N,'!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXR)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
M9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXT)3L@8F]R9&5R
M.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!D;W5B;&4@=VEN9&]W=&5X="`R+C(U
M'1087)T7V8S
M96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,
M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S
M,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 6QE/3-$
M=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`T.2XX,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M,BXP-B4[(&)O '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV
M."4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ '0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.2XX
M,B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M
M:6YD96YT.C$T+C,U6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M-"XV."4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@'0M
M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)A
M8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`R-"XV."4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.2XX,B4[(&)A8VMG '0M:6YD96YT.C$T+C,U'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
M9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP
M-B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV."4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[('!A9&1I;F '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[('!A9&1I;F '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV
M."4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.2XX
M,B4[(&)A8VMG '0M:6YD96YT.C$T+C,U6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV."4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV."4[
M('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '!E;G-E '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G '0@,2XP6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '!E
M;G-E*3H\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(T)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T
M;VT@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R-"XV."4[
M('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&
M,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.2XX,B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M:6YD96YT.C$T+C,U'0@,2XP6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C0V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXP-B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\
M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2P@
M4&QA;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!$:7-C;&]S=7)E.B!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!0
M 2!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT("A486)L97,I/&)R/CPO '0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQT86)L92!B;W)D
M97(],T0P(&-E;&QS6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXV)3L@6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY
M,B4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXV
M)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G '0M:6YD96YT.C$P
M+C!P="'0@,2XP'0@,2XP6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXV)3L@F%T:6]N/"]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED=&@],T0R,B4@=F%L:6=N/3-$8F]T
M=&]M('-T>6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)O 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:6YD96YT.C$P+C!P="6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)O '0@,BXR-7!T.R!P
M861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '!E;G-E '!E;G-E
M '0M86QI
M9VXZ:G5S=&EF>3MT97AT+6IU '0M
M:6YD96YT.BXU:6XG/B9N8G-P.SPO6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-"XP'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$S
M/"]B/CPO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.3$N,'!T.R!B86-K9W)O
M=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`W,2XU6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-"XP6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.3$N,'!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X
M-"XP6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M,2XU6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.3$N,'!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S
M.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-"XP6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,2XU6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '!E;G-E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,2XU'0@,BXR-7!T.R!P861D
M:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R
M=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 6%B
M;&4Z(%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F($1E8G0@*%1A8FQE '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!P861D
M:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ
M8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$S/"]B/CPO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
M,C`N,W!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!I;G-T86QL;65N=',@;W9E '1E;F0@=&AE('1E 2`R,#$U+"!T:&4@
M;F]T92!W87,@86UE;F1E9"`H 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M,RXR6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR2!B=7D@8F%C
M:R!T:&4@ 6)A8VL@86YD(&-A 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M,RXR6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR2!I '!E;G-E
M(&]V97(@=&AE('1E '!E;G-E+CPO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!P861D
M:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG
M.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M F5D(&]V97(@
M=&AE(&]R:6=I;F%L('1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6%B;&4@=VET:"!I;G1E 2!A 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!P861D:6YG
M.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P
M:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6%B;&4@=VET:"!I;G1E
M 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR'0M:6YD96YT.C$P+C!P="'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W,RXR6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0@,2XP6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS'0M
M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,C`N,W!T
M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$%%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M,RXR'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS'0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
M,C`N,W!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$%%148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6%B;&4L(&YE="!O9B!C=7)R96YT('!O 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXS'1087)T7V8S
M96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,
M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S
M,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 6UE;G1S(&]N(&YO=&5S('!A>6%B
M;&4@*%1A8FQE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/"$M+65G>"TM/CQP/B9N8G-P.SPO6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U+C(E.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%148S.R!P
M861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N
M=&5R)SXF;F)S6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ
M8V5N=&5R)SXF;F)S'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`U,RXR-B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S."XW,B4[(&)O '0@,2XP
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A
M 2!.;W1E 6%B;&4@*%1A8FQE '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6QE
M/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[(&)O 2!T:&%T('!U 2!B86-K('1H92!R96-E:79A8FQE(&9O 2!T:&4@96YT:71I97,@
M8F5F;W)E($UA 6)A8VL@86YD(&-A F5D('1O(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
M-2XQ,B4[(&)A8VMG 2!B=7D@8F%C:R!T:&4@ 6)A8VL@86YD(&-A 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 2!I;B!D969A=6QT+"!A;F0@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT
M;R!C;VUM;VX@ '0M86QI
M9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[
M(&)A8VMG 2!C;VYT 2!I F5D('1O(&EN=&5R97-T(&5X'0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[(&)A8VMG 2!A;B!O9F9I8V5R(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I=&@@:6YT97)E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ
M,B4[(&)A8VMG 2!C;VYT 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 2!A;B!O9F9I8V5R(&]F
M('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I=&@@:6YT97)E '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@
M(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ
M,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M-RXR-"4[('!A9&1I;F 2!C;VYT 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M,2XT)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@
M6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[(&)A8VMG 2P@ 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6%B;&4@=&\@86X@
M96YT:71Y(&-O;G1R;VQL960@8GD@86X@;V9F:6-E 2!W:71H(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#$R)2`H,3@E(&%F=&5R(&1U92!D871E*2P@
M9'5E($IU;F4@,C`Q,RXF(S$V,#LF(S$V,#L@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D
M(#4L-C`P('-H87)E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A
M9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[
M('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,2XT)3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-2XQ,B4[('!A
M9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[
M('!A9&1I;F 2!W:71H(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#$R)2P@
M9'5E($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P,34N)B,Q-C`[(%1H92!D96)E;G1U '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ '0@,2XP6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`V+C(V)3L@'0M86QI9VXZ '0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-RXR-"4[(&)O '0@,BXR-7!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P
M:6X@-2XT'0M
M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`V+C(V)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C
M,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E '0@,2XP
M'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXR,#$T/"]B/CPO6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G &5R8VES92!P 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXF
M;F)S6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.2XY,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 3PO
M6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ
M8V5N=&5R)SXF;F)S6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXP+C$Q)2`M(#`N.3(E/"]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@
M=VED=&@],T0S)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,BXW-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXP)3PO6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S+C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S
M,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@8F]R
M9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N
M,'!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M.2XW."4[(&)O 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXX-"4[
M('!A9&1I;F '0M:6YD
M96YT.C$P+C!P="6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@8F]R
M9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N
M,'!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8X)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T
M=&]M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N,'!T.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD.B`C1$)%
M148S.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`S+C8X)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,RXW)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N,'!T.R!P861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT'0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X
M.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R
M8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-
M"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!3
M96=M96YT("A486)L97,I/&)R/CPO 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[
M(&)O 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)O '0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\
M8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^/&(^4F5A9V5N=',@/"]B/CPO'0@,2XP'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\8CXF(S$V
M,#L\+V(^/&(^5&]T86P@/"]B/CPO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
M,RXY)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG '0M:6YD96YT.C 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M
M:6YD96YT.C 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR
M,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@
M'!E;G-E+"!N970\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT
M9"!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ
M '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG
M 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@
M(T1"145&,SL@'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR
M,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@65A 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:6YD96YT.C 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:6YD
M96YT.C 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[
M(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@'!E;G-E+"!N970\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1#$S)2!V86QI
M9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ '0M
M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M
M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S,RXY)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M:6YD96YT.C 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q,RXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-
M"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S
M,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA "!! 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,"XW)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N
M;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N,'!T.R!P
M861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXR,B4[('!A9&1I;F 6QE
M/3-$)VUA '0M875T
M;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
M+C8T)3L@'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXR,B4[(&)A8VMG 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8T)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&
M,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI9VXZ
M 6QE/3-$)VUA 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`S+C8T)3L@'0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI
M9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M,"XW)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G '0@,BXR-7!T.R!B;W)D97(M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
M+C8T)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,BXR-7!T.R!B;W)D97(M '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?
M-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@
M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0M:G5S=&EF>3II;G1E 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,"XW)3L@8F]R9&5R.B!N
M;VYE.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!S;VQI9"!W:6YD;W=T97AT(#$N,'!T.R!P
M861D:6YG.B`P:6X@-2XT6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,"XW)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@
M(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G "!B96YE9FET+"!N970@
M;V8@9F5D97)A;#PO6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8T)3L@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,BXR
M,B4[('!A9&1I;F "!E9F9E8W0\+W`^(#PO=&0^(#QT9"!W:61T:#TS1#(S
M)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,"XW)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA
M '0M875T;W-P86-E
M.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$
M)VUA '0M875T;W-P
M86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S+C8T)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"
M145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0M86QI
M9VXZ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M,"XW)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED
M96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R,"XW)3L@8F%C
M:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1"145&,SL@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G '0@,BXR-7!T.R!B;W)D97(M 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`S+C8T)3L@'0@,BXR-7!T.R!B;W)D97(M '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?
M-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@
M("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 3MT97AT+6IU 6QE/3-$=VED=&@Z,3`P+C`E.V)O 6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXU-"4[('!A9&1I;F '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SX\
M8CX\=3Y996%R 6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U+C8T)3L@6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S+C`T)3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N9#H@(T1!145&,SL@6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U+C8T)3L@8F%C:V=R
M;W5N9#H@(T1!145&,SL@'0M86QI9VXZ '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXU-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXR,#$W/"]P/B`\+W1D/B`\=&0@=VED
M=&@],T0S)2!V86QI9VX],T1B;W1T;VT@ 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G
M 6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S-RXW."4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ 6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U,RXU-"4[(&)A8VMG '0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXF;F)S'0M86QI9VXZ
M8V5N=&5R)SXF;F)S'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R)SXF;F)S6QE/3-$)VUA '0M
M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S+C`T)3L@6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`S-RXW."4[(&)O '0@
M,2XP6QE/3-$)VUA '0M875T;W-P86-E.FED96]G 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[
M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@
M/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J
M879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S
M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2`H1&5T86EL '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T
M7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N
M="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V
M8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA '0^=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%D(')E=F5N=65S(&9R;VT@='=O('-I
M9VYI9FEC86YT(&-U 2!H860@ '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B
M-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q
M7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S.B!!8V-O
M=6YT '10
M87)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N
M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?
M83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 3H@4V-H961U;&4@;V8@571I;&ET>2!);G9E;G1O 2P@1FEN:7-H960@1V]O9',L($=R;W-S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M2!686QU871I;VX@4F5S97)V97,\+W1D
M/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI
M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].
M97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT
M+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^
M#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$
M=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E/"]T9#X-
M"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D
M-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O
M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B
M.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E
M;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2!O9B!3:6=N:69I8V%N
M="!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%!O;&EC:65S.B!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!C;VUM;VX@ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R
M8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@
M(#QT9"!C;&%S '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C
M,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E
M(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '!E;G-E '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S2P@
M;V8@ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A F%T:6]N+"!0 2P@4&QA;G0L(&%N9"!%<75IF%T:6]N(&]F($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S
M/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'1087)T7V8S96,P
M960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W
M9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 2P@4&QA;G0@
M86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="!$:7-C;&]S=7)E.B!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!0 2!A;F0@17%U:7!M96YT("A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$("0I/&)R/CPO '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S2P@4&QA
M;G0@86YD($5Q=6EP;65N="P@1W)O '1U 7!E
M.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@
M/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/"]T9#X-"B`@
M("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q
M7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0]
M,T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]SF%T:6]N(&]F($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'0^/'-P86X^/"]SF%T:6]N+"!0 2P@4&QA
M;G0L(&%N9"!%<75I'0^/'-P86X^/"]SF%T:6]N($5X'1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P
M-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C
M,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA
M '!E
M;G-E 2!T;R!I '!E
M;G-E '!E;G-E '!E;G-E/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E;G-E/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X
M=#X\ '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P
M-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C
M,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA
M 6%B;&4\
M+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6%B;&4@8W5R 6%B;&4L(&YE="!O9B!C=7)R96YT('!O 6%B;&4@8F5F;W)E(&1I 6%B;&4@8F5F;W)E(&1I '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@8F5F;W)E(&1I '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO
M:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?
M83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@
M8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X
M="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 6%B;&4Z(%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F('!R:6YC
M:7!A;"!P87EM96YT 6%B;&4@6UE;G1S(&EN(#(P
M,38\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 6%B;&4@6UE;G1S/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H
M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%
M5$$@:'1T'0O
M:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A
M 6%B;&4Z(%-C
M:&5D=6QE(&]F(')E;&%T960@6%B;&4@ 2!B969O 6%B;&4@ 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S 6%B;&4@ 2!C=7)R96YT(&%N9"!N;VYC=7)R96YT/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@
M("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M6%B;&4@ 2!B969O '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@ 2!B969O
M 6%B;&4@ 2!B969O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4@ 2!B969O '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S
M+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA
M 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D
M-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O
M;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R 2`H1&5T86EL 3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C;&%S '10
M87)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N
M=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?
M83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA F5D/"]T9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@
M("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6%B
M;&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*
M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W
M9&4P-#@R8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C
M:&%R '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P
M86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5R8VES97,@+2!S:&%R
M97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S'0^/'-P86X^
M/"]S&5R8VES97,@+2!S
M:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S&5R8VES
M97,@+2!S:&%R97,\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U
M8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO
M+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O
M:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\
M=&%B;&4@8VQA '!E8W1E9"!497)M/"]T9#X-
M"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ('EE87(\ 65A '!E8W1E9"!6;VQA=&EL:71Y
M(%)A=&4\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\
M:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '!E;G-E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@ '0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5R8VES92!P '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5R8VES92!P '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S
M&5R8VES
M92!P 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI
M(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A 2!3:&%R92UB87-E9"!087EM96YT($%W87)D+"!/6UE;G0@07=A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S6UE;G0@07=A 6UE;G0@07=A &5R8VES92!0 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S6UE;G0@07=A &5R8VES92!0 '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M
M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S'!E
M;G-E+"!N970\+W1D/@T*("`@("`@("`\=&0@8VQA '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S&5D(&%S '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S'0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S&5D(&%S '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S
M8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@:'1T'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A &5S("A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$("0I/&)R/CPO '0^
M/'-P86X^/"]S69O '1087)T7V8S96,P960V7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A
M,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R8C '0O:F%V
M87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B
M;&4@8VQA &5S.B!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!$969E
M '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S69O "!! "!$969E '!E;G-E+"!297-E "!! "!$
M969E '!E;G-E+"!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@86YD($)E;F5F:71S/"]T
M9#X-"B`@("`@("`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M"!! "!$969E '!E;G-E
M+"!/=&AE "!! 3X-"CPO:'1M;#X-"@T*+2TM+2TM
M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P-#@R
M8C'0O:'1M;#L@8VAA 7!E(&-O;G1E;G0],T0G=&5X="]H=&UL.R!C:&%R '0^/'-P86X^/"]S'0^/'-P86X^/"]S"!2871E(%)E8V]N
M8VEL:6%T:6]N+"!.;VYD961U8W1I8FQE($5X"!%>'!E;G-E("A"96YE9FET*3PO=&0^#0H@("`@("`@(#QT9"!C
M;&%S "!! '1087)T7V8S96,P960V
M7V(X.#%?-&$U8U]A,C9B7S,P-C=D93`T.#)B-PT*0V]N=&5N="U,;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F,V5C,&5D-E]B.#@Q7S1A-6-?83(V8E\S,#8W9&4P
M-#@R8C '0O:F%V87-C 3X-"B`@("`\=&%B;&4@8VQA 6UE;G1S
M+"!$=64@:6X@5&AR964@665A 6UE;G1S+"!$=64@:6X@1F]U 7!E.B!T97AT+VAT;6P[(&-H87)S
M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-"B`@/&AE860^#0H@("`@/$U%5$$@
M:'1T'0O:'1M
M;#L@8VAA 7!E/3-$=&5X="]J879A XML 46 R43.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory: Schedule of Utility Inventory (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Utility Inventory 2014 2013 Chronic Illness Monitoring Finished goods $ 589,423 $ 1,249,220 Finished goods held by distributors 2,720,626 3,428,306 Total inventory 3,310,049 4,677,526 Inventory reserve (1,660,729) - Net Inventory $ 1,649,320 $ 4,677,526 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of all information related to inventories for utilities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-05.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfUtilityInventoryTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 47 R29.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Use of Estimates in The Preparation of Financial Statements (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Use of Estimates in The Preparation of Financial Statements Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates. In May 2013, the Company effected a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split. The consolidated financial statements and notes for all periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse common stock split. X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6143-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6132-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6061-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_UseOfEstimates Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 48 R28.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 1. Organization and Nature of Operations: Going Concern (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Going Concern Going Concern The Company continues to incur negative cash flows from operating activities and net losses. The Company had negative working capital and negative total equity as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 and is in default with respect to certain debt. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In order for the Company to eliminate substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, it must achieve profitability, generate positive cash flows from operating activities and obtain the necessary debt or equity funding to meet its projected capital investment requirements. Managements plans with respect to this uncertainty consist of raising additional capital by issuing debt or equity securities and increasing the sales of the Companys services and products. During fiscal year 2014, the Company (1) completed the sale of Series F convertible preferred stock (Series F preferred stock) for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs; (2) converted $2,326,801 of debt and accrued interest to common stock; (3) converted $574,592 of debt and accrued interest to Series F preferred stock; and (4) converted $83,473 of debt and accrued interest to Series E preferred stock. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise sufficient additional capital or that revenues will increase rapidly enough to offset operating losses. If the Company is unable to increase revenues or obtain additional financing, it will be unable to continue the development of its products and services and may have to cease operations. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for reporting when there is a substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time (generally a year from the balance sheet date). Disclose: (a) pertinent conditions and events giving rise to the assessment of substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events, (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors, (d) possible discontinuance of operations, (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information), and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern, disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations, whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events, such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_LiquidityDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration ZIP 49 0001096906-15-000050-xbrl.zip IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT begin 644 0001096906-15-000050-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`,6++4;'!YZ0%/0``/PR#@`1`!P`86-A N
M*LI6>22"`/B0[6S)>OBT<21%4I)-;6UM43/0B!L..28YDK5__37(>6"&(/@"
MQ[[+E\A#LOO7C4:C&V@`[_[R918:SRQ)@SAZ?X`.S0.#1>-X$D33]P=!&H]<
MEWHC=/"7'_[K/]_]:30R;I)XLABSB?'P:MS%B^PI"2939MRQY#D8L]18I/"I
M<7[V\>0V7009,]+X,7OQ$_;&.)D\^Q'_]#2>S1<92XS+*(J?_0QXIV_@'^/#
M-_!L_IH$TZ?,^/[TSX9EFN[(,A$Q_GYS\[?3*X31U5^=4W)UYKB_6;_\X]!X
M>7DY9).IG^3AS%4;28O3]XRK+Y\=$1_X0_/8R3
MZ=$D2XZRUSD[@I=&\!9+@O%!\9W\`X"$CX(HS;@LRS>/%^EHZOOS]1>/?OJ0
MO[U\RL:'T_CY"!Y(*#\&X?IU
M?YP%SVP,^N>JR5\V/6RN081!],>6G"\X1X$\SSO*GZY%S))*A7A'\'3U8@-5
M;ZGYN(1A6]?\\8.?KG4-5DDLY*A:IWAC+60:R$2$5]'1WW[Z=#=^8C-_M-ND
MG&30Q`3`V/[C'0=YG.:4;MFCD6ONF`O[_B`-9O.0D\U_>TK8X_L#'UIDM&J,
MPR_IY,`XRNDL[>7X!EYC2I'Q)N*^3(V'R/%8
M)L&52BJQT`>G0CW$\3S2$0]XW%D<=;8ETL*6&K#2":V-F?>`IL/`+;-DX0H.
M:B0];9M0%U%,Y;II;$I:[!H .^.M&'9IV16(1F62D:([5J.;LE6C9N_\Q2'$X@YSS]#S/:J-AKK9_S/
MN^S\,T>2CB#,#%AZREU?3F@7/-U849F1=AQGE3C(GG`(7:4$P=X3AI/)I+")
M4W^^"\+R;((=V]L3E%N6^4'$)N=^$H&S2'?AC+"#J6>A09NGQ-1QP-=Z9G.>
MN=.[3--%W3C3N'.L_;Z[/?Z(K#1BD':,%0;LVDAT]]HQR#O%6@4VMCW': DX]Q/.$>[2J.&`3S\2MCJX3W'EQ &\9RK2(DIKU3ZN(FAIRWPM:Y>AL4 LM,X6BY%:`^\&M (*L-&;NNM9OZ?DW@4H1X"-46=C.$.6RL&6&,=R JY51.CU.(2IN)7@P#/-= DWWZH%ZTQVE;T/'7!<1:=;Y:FFH'8I]
M`5?'3Z9)+?N;@B[%B-$>,`[;(XE+D-O:2EH;N:;9D#IS;]P>C>8\H:QK#0OQ[&
M@ ])'FO*USK06S9S&4EH^(4T[^OB$YI(`KANE`I(/U% /(N8+2,_@Y_I4L'WOK"GJ$C@/CE*9`"'7K:E;'ARJ!)-7
MFA?4@JG)%%0G*\;@G*R:JI42#NU%LQW&D*]>Z-O!9I&-3;NFHG//R&40G9K:
MR`X0VQ2>=G!9-375`U;)=K`"BQ#'U5S86\Q'G7]AR3BHW7+1H;?5*'B'_5[@
MJE1,";+JO-K>,,O`X9KF[PENL.&")SVH;EN+%,QP]8W:0YRO4J7993@AKD5J
M!L(FLI2KN$[;%.F1ME,((UI5/78JF0O4CE!MX E4(!RH1;=.V]K[K5]LU+B5MX6E>>^_@@UQ,G*ZKUY5B7.Q=#.H0ZE54F-6B
M:2''J9\^73']0X'%U\7-Q@(L8>P)>-W\-GQ`G7)>U!1\EQ*#+BHV*2C9':SJ
M014RMN$M6Z0>O/MXIELN[*KD/PS6(4$UJR/H8E4V1N7L:I`J!Z6!M8'19R&]
MT8A8>`5D(W&A::"5?2)9V6_.F>MKYP`LF= I%U%@>-BRR'$&:"BH'7*2*CN@H+&1KI.^DVSM)"G'\*%"@+%
M-AH0@3HQ+I\%6@G@C,T38)O[9O@[9/R/DV@B^NSN<1FE6;*8L2CCCCKSO_10'W:PY0E5(;6\=")3
M'WV#B6EW!;996=>33XTP=EP/[Y80R9.J/B"4IF0AZKE6,Q#KQ$\X5+7HG7KB
M?],FJZGD6C:Z`"GK_,$+>)ZG#=%JTGMYUE9W3;DN9$IN#:X=;IKA*;?(F.!`
MS0[P5C:X'7OS'/DL2,?Q(LJ@7\Z"Q:Q'K^/'[HBG_M7RTHE,V17A5X@!O*[0
M+F=S/TBX][I^_!1'TT_@T28G: (+>&K'3#5"E/[,/
MMH\0JBZ'@R"=QVE0Z/PFB> HQ^R+9-1\Q%RL1[\6YJ*75 0=,;]F80=CP
M$/;H4A8H0=R-T(2;9G@U82:X2F1I!;A2>-`G4D#8=HAX=K*2CRY$2ET10DR+
M*ANS.21P[^#`)F?+&9/E$`FC:#$+F#NR'D,@<8E'5$B;\!]"]I3=I$:
M>% ?)AU>(\R:7T37$,A!%1],3?@U97PN$)!6;CA"Z-. SXQ !J0NXNN&X6
MR?@).GYZ_;A^^(E[`J!PNDBS>,:2'EUYB:H1%YV8:@80ZJV6P5LB2^(Q8Y/T
M(HEG=WX(RLWG"R+HUC#@+'MXKW*&ET*L&%MXXI-J&WX]#Z2H'!JN[*GDW$-;V.6,6F
MV!3&[-0B1)/B!P8/6Z[OE]9)J&MN#W6=``PN0\,YGL'0"^N9VKV"E(M.3"KE
M>2ZB5;Z@';!EN?^-#R,\G\#N,5GFF@C9MAS4+AM->%0ZHHX%28#7$\]5G+%5
M*MU=-[:[>V&MG(,&&,KU5< K>%]RPM\UK9_ZP6/7G18JM
MMG*4U\X\!VVM`&T1[LY4I4N'4&)A-5.>?XH.771D1:5_EF?O.F)'Y+B6@Y=)
M;SNF:ZQK9W,=E4+BSIM'RZ6G155P2X;Z02K#E^7AXRZ`]"Z6N02\IW&%:#N&7CT$_3X#$8K\O!2J>>@J+['J9EKL:2-NP&
M0:D^_M4EKHEZ8:WJ3/ ;
M >B$Y-260292-R9T@R9[!",S U%D,I(%($G(4B CF)A$Z$F'#\F<9K>)/%CT*=``&/3%`_E%JAVXZ;LU9:%Q5U`5 HG,IRJ&6)]:P=,*X+
M>/J[.?Z(0HPE[#[?)=Z'M=)J,-W>$MJ0 MDWLE6>V9):F;9\0I2ZX"*L9U\U&A:(:854W=!/Z4::C
M?(I8IE@5W8R?=HCJ>@)X1KQ>&//*R:LXBK=-J[&O!2 :6WMUZECIQ5=3:&>1S':]IH]T,E+U$#?UX_WO?9C(T(M:CM5,-5\!P*L
M7K'BDV,VU@"XXTDLO8Y;Z7B_3MF\&ERB4UQ_!,GP9#5E>!V) [?/#38-QK$"48V\2KZ!CUO(?#7=.A"75WZT$[XZX?:VY8DG\&Z>-9
M$"XR:#6^`B-(8#75>SH!8OG7((=Y2"I] KP:
MKI5,TFT$_08D;-1R*COL+^'JV*H5PYT/=/0B(9RHX:8+6X>!NR'YCP?0)
M?CR!D=2?LJO%[`'RB,?\N^M%EF9^-`%:U8";#P7KNT,@R=LN?NT&8G`Y*E2_
M/OT+VYYN,>I+N&0'3WJ.:0F662KAJJ (Q2/>/UT1/=!"4>MF0'671G(Q&+V(Y#+;L!F^T5I^;[
M_.72$62*R9:*N"84$N&QZWEN!Q#%3_F>LWFFTP4$
MU>JI0:FB'&01)^Z2UR71E)!+<=S[+=1HSX
M36XO0=C^$&'7HN[6G/:24`?J$@D:45]NV$_[M8KE46_[N,,RT;YL95[=M#UQ
M.:B:+Y]1R/W!10`46'[@U&4$8_0T`-=?O-_)SYO.:J*E`7E]4&3*0(28[:"L
M]/8!K(*?)QAEB3_.-D-B^Y%!:(Q*HCI82^2GCF6U9E_3!E_2X#@*PO(;1]J(EP7)]N(I#:(H-1WQE/7F/#L(2&V*"9$RZ\9%:K"V:=OB
M>5A57+97CW[U0W7UI%RFK81\EUP_=C+A:'-^PJI--]FVKHG8I=:#E6Q\0DU9
M;>Z<65\LT>E"F_+M$Q64^W.7120P('M4[`I-N.]>80%AS&*VR`>A,_88C-7U
ML5(U2&Z]J.>B%91$.R.;N,BQ7=(95(>K0DH@*"*8TN&N)Y$);EF>XYG-KR`1
M7-M)--$@=2G9J..@$4ZC!*41G@D+CL_B<7YWPOWKG*G6]3/H\D9&)V2H&4B,C*]$5_(K:2PIG\"CR;\\47H3Y5T'T%QK""Y]=&:U#DD
MHMGK+9OFE=E1=N7/U$A/3N\O?ST_/;D]?V-<7IT>%L1E9'9XG#(^SQ!>1A/V
MY4?VJF1B\BI1RW-Y9%-)84U_&71<0%[MA[\S/VFB\9&H[BH*NR)L1IGE3M#-
M*I;*3B\1K^.T)&MFQ+%L`J/*EI@*+CN`;A8/83"^"&._UHVC\MDEIEDL.TKI
M[7"Z"$*6G()*IG&B;KL[``'O&K=LSL_^!\WP6SC\Z%5DM$5N5\M%8ZR_O\O\
M;)$J>?[.TBT-2BGLL/DU#B&?]Y,"BYK^52R2W_ERA^YO+`Q_C.*7Z([Y:0SC
M3[YS.&E!OX)"R;ULS/4"?E%+P!W,MFO9^;J">N&`ZNE?_"ZC+GR]/:6Y2&%D
M3M,SEHZ38+Z\ZH 7_GAM^&$RC]]]]7L39VY`]9L5?1IJ]ANS]=_X\3M_._&0:1,=F$"W_'#W$
M61;/C@^Y!YIG;SG+44[H^%^+-`L>7XN?EO\X#GBY_PA2O7B:^/.GY?N++$[G
M_I@=1]!Z*\H \`O%J4'8\.K DCG;]O_97`Z1P];%*^3J1^MKGX"?V1WOCN;\+Z-HD*^J>40/'3K?4?;6C]W4S37VW\@V._QEZ-!0(Q\)7`UP>/$\7#VDP"GMR3_>`+5?,O\)_$4"WC^WR3\1`27D?'715@0?;.+)V%!M!(?2`.1,Q;Z
M+SLDA(^^!_,P-@I8CM=B\\V+$ZE2_L=D,$H"R#`[2H#CB@!-Z@M_YIW%49+76?F=&>FH9?OL)P>:+';#`P(T`':K_>O?S*P"4"#!^PU@U^YZ
M3;$)5%965N:365F9`4@5S'48I`@Z8,FU" MTYQX/
M'TT9MY_E,+-P7]Z?XI/V2\)=AWC(TIC6)CP4J#B+R?P**E8H5JTX_B7%&>+!
MKQ:S.[H7#>HKN]?&4?*8<7-2WO7CNHX'N%$/QBS7H@25JJS5Y6'N@U'UWL P3Z:4G$(\;2NW5'Q`QB+=Z7;9G H3VQ("5EIM1"_G_N-#*91+%%[3T5M:1SG
MA:V[?4/W?1.TXCCG\2)P@QA1_\+S7=VR!L1DGD(`?\_R[`?ME?6ZH`V^?&'I
MMN7I?$GQ*GD3$!;]A4.18DV!AFY-3!:^S::US?T=V!M?8ERZ;[`SWQRJF]
MM&_KCF]O^L[W\^\D'9[B'HJU6X8>4P`2E6+9(*ZEY16E=%#X%=5WAI<6MF6,
M!S^X%QIDE+1%@-M$E/VAEPB!9/"*:3@"GXO%R>SN'E\*/E\&ZUAMXD5[_+$F
MN1KMG8*FZLW%@$"!V/@2>>.B^B_IFV)BU6M*#84#C>!54.X4E%]DK[2QV^QN*Q6S;Z
M4)CLCS$Z\3SVM&TL,"G^8B&&B)2^-&7B*W-I`J3Z9HYBKS0NR(PN.:
MPX:`GL0U6KV2;[C0%>>T@G5:R3M-8MY"X*RRE]GT2G,O87!3=DR)WR-1K1
MQD,-GD3AB+YHQ)X F;M'??QO>!_$=,6D"(``)@?_[/7G@TS(M[E_T
M))_^!N`&E N]@),ZX$5F%"X[);E:".GF+@1,1994J
M!#LB31+_!MS69AF>!.&J3*<4Q1)_JS,!A\!X%UF!N;^2TY4'?^`OPIPKZ/K(
M,0$,#-7A_P,KEH'(T5P1H:&CD7$SG\_`;YES[<2RB[(?PCKB^^7YTM.@VB`BA9??H
MH@A5-2]EVENAE#X*I?2;I)38'4Y,W@DWC-4T#U=)33J%>(![`]@4A:)>CO`F
M@@DG!1G&JS='-%MA/05EM..R:A(V*6KY[89MZ>E"E&:Y+'?\9
MEA\@;+;[T>@DVPCY_+UWTQ,1']0C
M\&=4LB,9G4TK[DHA@[_?:+]<7W]> #@7(%2I=8!D)'4B4=3K
M/>P ,8OPH4W1SG$*SX!%HK.0JA;ZR;#;A'3IXV"D8CPN/K@0A!49!1,?OZ^&CD737
M0?@3Z(0,HR03^3@\)G1'H8(ESY4XJ([01B6!RP@IHU7X(U;4RRW`9EJF_0E_
MHX=*:`8,Y, CCL9;3#M>QV>_!8\D4]0CY$S$D\4
M!83=L-Q7)HE"2C:TBB5KV11$;'L31@>2>%&,1`EL:"%`N"4QF,A&DGT!]Q@S
M/M"Z1<6!71'WX.X*%\;E]#W+G)#S[(K"NL@WG^=3!KMM.3YBCM60^YZ+QTL@
M^2/YO!$E%N1;Q.>'H@LZ*6T,:`G-6E9;CJA=.D7]RN;LH-43V$%YD6F%+T*8
M=U/$]X7;C$\%>&B7CK0I]E63HVS5!2)IM+#8)Y3:AI3C*V+NU4LOTJ:S%)LV
MB"$>TS#/86.&\4,"!,C#D%D5;>`1`X.M$7@5E0F%GD373#H)%Y^F.VR]_MCB#7L/A7U9/9:BODPBB_9?HPK,IR$
M";19NNOYG%9;-_V!;KJF7IREDN)2ENZ\>_9OLY@UR`&7>CIZK^$G:>W%WDU9
MQL`F9N5IQGC''2
M#SCI %D!HD*9/%,V:%%%HX=X(-[>&4FM^$4>E
MN'EU.8A=E,R1OISR&_]Z+;^AYGEALO(W TA94T@-TK.WPU_X+.OU"5I&2# 0LATRH9AWS`C2QNSD0CC@AR23L)P9KXBTS:CTU2,
MAJ0A`^Z.*)&4YP,)[9)5H=GSQ42?M4G]*!(J\;`MPCA4RL.=MR*5J0ZURILJ
M0[XY4!UG!9*2/#&\G5)$_6+,S(CHO#V(EDD+R`CF'CQ2*?E`_`4"/6\64Y
M3)7S*&GT\H[,LI$FF*()_T$JT>5,'LFBH7*FE-?Q+&JR9L(&S*9@!2:-N:&9
MR,_`"$O('HN`)O"P@)4,K^.(=VLB.8\'=/`,NG<0L3_<=0O;:[AN<9#[+2V\
MSM/;[X;I1AFUF`93!HIYD/>QGNI2[2!NR0$ZE'$^SW])&(>N)12O69_5:Z^C
M`3C12$,#"8ZSAH3K== ,EO:AO260T`L^#.VRM$;3+WC]S
MF3DKO?XB>K8BBEC/\BT2^4JI!_D=)6D+Y./RQ.$XMJ/`ZD7=2:VJSWI8A-YR
M1EPWZ-`@Y:YGR)W7(GNKB#T+;U2+,),,@$]QL`A89K0$_-2RRRIL@]GRC#N@
MQ4M&>)5%.MRMW&5QY4T^U\6]^!"D(575U474N]C\A>*7<54#M@,S *L]JF
M9U*I(C`.R+-MR>LHPNKW88;9=',&;`EGBT@^WFA_O& ]\A40TA\X+\/"YX`2&=NH7Z8NK]OQ%P+STCB]HD_7F
M!_5I1>HRY%T%5]8#;SHO,%U],.#Z_X7OZ:[CK+^(V3KCKY3[=LJ][$7QK%1Z
M.6NN)JHH)*F4Y!%$G;1)1M31/9!W?,GZ#L+P(4$5_QV&:(8VZ^(1W.:4L
MNP\?/WR2+^%-6'Z?@!]:(Z:\,+HV'9EK6G[UD;;I")0\R^&9`GO5M4PQR#V+
M2#_5[@R$4N`TR*1TZNKF0HGH5MQ].YEZDE.19+&$Q:/^)#<9@F8E"%&
MLT2J#]Y#Q9CR?_#8EX+9=9],7$>;3%G.K[NB/X/Q,Y%0Q(;W<1(E=WBO`T:-
MDP=1GR4D_0ORD86EEJU(!.[B01P6#`G_2VI81,QY)I&X75+>E@5?$,6CF?_R
MDI'4)*B>%#%D4X$/"MX2]3O+RX
M\)?'\4]]9QZ
M8UK$EOG?CFI4N%9!Q(-::^6GI400@_/1
M,GHL>Q=Z++OG%]SB0B,X)\21#K1@'/#_'E%*-+-G`(V[T"]V@4P MGEV9W`;#/^Y2\`9&;_Z?=S^_?__!WF=53GT39SE:VF4K[J4%.\G'90;X./KJ
MV?!H/RUZL5QJ@[YK*RMKV-HTT#Q6!&"OJNP>W*Z[!+/23Z/1#F2RM^#L!&H+D*U]FZ!MG_2+-VW#-VSO-/HWD*$Q9'7X=W^`LQL7P(L1Q@V+/>1/MM.ULT]`-9_`\
M?0`EHJ<6.$?W?%]W5X.?-NCYRXU'*9_BB-BR-7'B2V!FBP+*G61G&_1H^Y7F
MQ_EL'!5H[@B:6(,U7IFZYQFZ;PU>/TMTJR2LLY^TJ\9O6Z[K%68^>%A$H1B%
ML%N+L)4D'QR/V[WSP_$F&LX9O?Z=Y=K'L\>NQ0SQ-E'$9/&V>I:[872PF;.M
ME.5-TPD\9Z#;J],)3HNPYWA\8@7X/*5D^[#N]W3983_UTMV;'MV^3X\S$,7K
ML?)=SKM0O"_*0=)<6WBU;L]9UR9;U;ZDZV&B145.=^9T<0]Z.)Q-9KP:X`@+
M30S#JI%[,,&;MKRS>^U*UZH?TEB-5_&R/`UP=UY%\`=QTTY+'I@HU%G>I)YE
M#"_"1N%#U>./5WG3BXH<=+7KEN6/>,&7=Q[U>;T$F (_%L$=A3C?>J`$UUM]A<5!<
MH9HP>('5/%AVKCZ.MV:OJ."
M/_"`J#Z%@Y7U5D&[)[7"N[0S>A>Z22Y=X_V2)"-L"'BARU=,CU^0Q4)3HK(@
M=JT*4W$/-YY1+13NNY$8U>ZQX$3V(:@Q"D4D5$Z0ZB_!-
M,DNE\ORSN*&@7>W2;?WIN2=)K93%+ZB/`)51D-HT!@]!&/&R$J7.)%9(JI47
M#"O4_32%T=.0ZNX-DQ0&Y&4[ROH3M>(:U*X7U2B5I1_/J%!FU Z'ZOM!PO\:Q+?7?U*94>N"2I 5;(:U$SDQZPW..P'!@ZKYH_@=;V(.
MAJ?4TW(U)/@E-A#/J`I-DP(5'5NHT%[1\WZ6U=1W7K:5HLFCT>,P=659RE)'
M+G0M:*CU#XKY!5X,\GB=\BF0'HNO':.OV[:U5-46DB)Z&Q:%1C(JS !U+I6+YTT4IXNW,%Y[?J>U%
M01PY,K6.&TMD37Q+A;)X"XMH7AD4C5@WL-WR(+\GRUZU[C7*]'=M6H7I_R+:
MZGZINNT>UMR?I2SR__+J/6$C*A4T"H.[.,FHNA(O9US:HR]S'2T6
MU$"3RBH[V\PKD;+OV?QK:X^474/J)88JQR=E=T$J^L4NMJ.>BK:D7+L2,BI:
M+1>%J(MA,U$F#R===2FH:A9AISI:S*[W3.,'.9V=0J$?UE3"Z+::6+'3JY:`
M:2GK"/PI``.P*IL%5#B,(4K`8"AUJ(9?$X:G# .BJ&N+
MJ%KHDX6R9U@$DH([8'-U#I`X)>/P&^*ZM(Q2\V`$56ZKEZH,L@3_^$0!!@K$
M=G65#FN"S]Z^@ `^S9:Y1'CL0+
M>U4VQ91O5E,@L"@26$0&FZLVPPO99!HE3PS'+N0<1B*_KBQP"C[!/0LBX,0T
M"N+RC*+V'7Q1E*N5K=5;ZHC!'8S2EI:(O.BH)@:6,;3T .KJIM!O^*+D%02Y\H6GP5$R^T$E8OI"W=:":KV7A
M^:+$I5"(,`"IF3+D(5HB%%Z@HXC66^R0N%X75P[>G8
MKP@-/[F#WRWINBV1^^K,:Z2FGR 5WY*I?0L+B&L7G?
M*1!,:MK$Q(RQET$IHE?%M[+/!CNIS/]![4NH( P
M/;#ZMD:)BM0W532+0@@B1LLV(`(#,_(067T,KJ;E#0:O@TU-K<3Q6&8$_*,.
M*10TIYY7A0]:C^^42W:,2,&$T*
MAX.&PT/PQO=0OA8_@N:
MK!%)8`VD%X/]4:KUC%/X)[42:;)XM>RTN;`0R3ZM*C4-0=`Y"L=C1HT^EVYW
M^0V%$`=%M`?;<0SE8ZTB]49R`IM>7 ^[
MFX4C"E^4G0:#JG 'K01J9 OZ:30OF]>CW/AX\5Y-)6#',VX9[NW2P*TDBTT!:`FVL4.GZN
MJ45X:PAZ*KNG,OZW=+@\PMXO81$.!`,QUI"H!9J*?BUECE$]ME--Z>OGAAGA
MTS-QN,@R=,G#[%[X\[6?;48+:EH8I^$/XF"Q1B63TJ7DP_CZHZ]^?G_S^342
MRGOC(+EE0WNN6XD8/)@HIR"2$QK4J:S`Z3G\76EA\"53S&](9EGT)+]OP7&'
MYW`65,&IOK6H>Z]DK>4]7CKS"QNPLG)QS0Z`:4EF=]3@-RJ2XLH^0$+ZI00U
MT I\M+0!
M2[#04N>X].Q+MUJ.T%0TD?HE7'25)U?T@6M@[B=7+C&E)J'ID: O.P[FD 9D(\1G,N"8^<
MS>>8%=FTHN=96+0P$PAK](`_U.=!-+`E$TLJGLS0N1HQ0%L8/A,QD([KV&Z#
MZ)IT-!\Q'.#,58B[=.2ZPQ%KV7M0>I1R(]<>O6X<290#=T5*'^\4M1BM:V\<
M\3J*YM)4*+"(;Z2&E30\/V9!95DRELY@U&YL`^(ITH4N`.U\3L/J7(1?/2M0
M-\VQ2$U:-!_%$6>1.E4EDFVND4C6:\70B!RT@VNK98-OHJZZ*LZ7
MI64RAK$ADH%WL#11PC.EWZ)D7(#N04O(YN_0IO*L1]*LJ0NT='K(DVYJUVFU
M+\L>+E-TXNND;>+ERP'T8JZ5P+I1JONMW+C/11'DW(KU+8C5_FK#_OH84]3I:_#MT,'.UEQ_
M^=H$]*7`4,A9D`??I&H94 NUUDVT?D#GX)T4S ,5#P*
MAK&287R#\.U>GEL`YZKB*.7E>=@*0\9&\D')B-'M $FOZ*CX7J5(\H>P[?4M[ZHI3=WU":@J`Q`QW(9B?E;/B.>O5.E
M!I2SH_(^0Y$@6=XNFIMJ2:4FJ'2!2AXSAI>@^BL?Y4//*[+&^9?U(AJX
M1\!2*I3'`SXXS2L,N^,_)\F(1>B'HRR)3"1\VRP.`=]3J`Y1;1KB16XQ%IY>
M2\,H#-,&'80%CG]-LDS[#.+[EMNX&[1Q%ZJ$0-O"G_&$%2LFXHZI67;M594!
MQ'_Z_O--E?[SFF=*3Z8S< )5->O+$JA$89.?S5J.@YRLB*1,E'.NA!
M&XZ.%>QU(/V6%ZJL0PT9,(RJ=&Q^8>^2EN9""XJ\"R.2EHUDKOCQL:0NFQ5W
M2W<3P`*D%@]?%0^/D'`\\*W-#(T+F!L1Y0%X+KUKWDSQ"9;)GQ(GM%'"1`8P
ME@1D%:*G%),2`%->+?C:/+I"CL,CI1N3QX"0(+I,J
M2DOF\+%PS4!&>$I?$ 92$*HOKV!>5$U^*MI^;H]\&H[>]F^K0>>=+&MRBI:4E)#OGH3\TOT
M@#_YOA-;$\MRRKNR02M4ZR4O?)WV4@CR6LV 7"*\R^":89>U-\F.\N
MLD>SJ)U:.;AVSZ@WXP'_+&>J552]"XGMK&HP<=P6Q4/*:#]U@PDQ:LT_NL4/
MJ%:)S;]`"JX[W?#>RJ8^
M*0I_8V!?P+13:;[+[Q;6EE:3IJ$/!J;N^BN;]QQ,M3Z#E3U5$[[^\^AI>+JM
M8.ONH*^[KG.*3JO[V);V&Y+"QZXYWG/N](ELB=H/S^C3]IV3+]9I4')_'`ES
M^H8.4VR[C>BD_U$$9%M@-A2R:N\GS;+<=7M0>2S*8[GT?86-=\%W-P:MMT:=
M,3WO6V!ZU'YHR2?-\7V];Y_&SBC_X5E(H>89IN[VW;9K["[[#Q]:H,05SCGK
M+G-UVS.5CZ!\A):RLR7[I)TQV3;8O_8;N[>2C1NQVUQY)\]K)VJF;>L#:^5I
MI?).+EL*M>T?L77?[NL#TV^[!NZD!_)%2E@7=S?J&>_*_7CVBGOCS3W0?5 M"&-L%O3&-/!:0T7`5]$/I?EBVJD@%K^)D2?39= J(]_G-(GA\_!BVKQ^C+7K:1I&4C?.
M#V6U4FGB-Z++4J;]G&!9*:G\R(?KFY^+?_&Z(]F,C;3KF[_32Z^,OJY)+"T*
MG;X+,][A#D(GV$._A)?E3M18]
M>6A>>TL4]DCB".N@%"\KN]!2S>0 `;.S^W#,6W1)E;K* \-A=VL]#+"@V[OYYS
MG%'=M=LG\5I1^^MP;^;-::E8JQBD+@CP;F,GA3`?D^=+(,1OW=:=)R<8G'@/%]HC2@5A]2H
MN&LL&G.P+"L*-(7P"^Q@%N)$GW266H_`DGWBE-GCUZZ)K*GT9E<4(
ML=S@`CV]VJQ+88M>(=@R:YRG(VY65F,]Z2>G@?PCSY3IWC#^PX'>D?B<8>
M.J\S_>_9Z(XW+($=6=10+)LEEF4?<6U%Q9RF=2IIN*>62=*#?.'*1:ZM8-D]
M<7/U2(JQVG7S&M+313UJK.0X*9^GVD)AW-/6*4VE*I6J7(U79W?PJQ7:\O>D
MQW XDJ
MQ`NP0VVZ8+39+0Z8HRQC0"`7,UK2.B2HQAK6YL0[#@WYG,0^'I.BDFK.EFW'
MDB2G8M2C"JUOJ%3FIY1AH\12MRR`+J]1HPA]N%I/+;[K2`J&:HZ@6X"%^%.8
M'I;.Q68"7/'P5Q>-DFI\5OKDO/KD=VRJA1*R5*/H0IUXLCH134!P(?]9[4?M
M?[$*]-NRF3GV5/[?I]LT'$E^]<>RH+'VD0\B[/J')*52FP$OIPM_U7Y#A'#]
M1TA8YAV#K /A717@EJYG\04\?B!L,'A\Q&M-\QD^\7=5R$[,K$"`!&U!6%",L)@Q",L"PA/!L^B`;R_+?`+>JZ(A0S1XNWX7B6\H8#>@/_8O[D
M(H^JE5I0C[4&4TTZ;YUV`[D5;#LP"/0O_B"Q["7QRH]J.=
M=6'MV/(*WU"/A%+I,J N_;% ;QN++ZJWHA:MYJ2HV/5H
M1-H`%$/U\K`JGYMQ0D5GN]O9$W:CG&'S7U33X$%KCRFZ@MCHZ"&!4>27HW:#
M'X--RACOYRNUJ=6&059UM8=YOW!,2[?Z1MEJ8`D37GB>[KC]J@_9`MWSL3SJ
M]%N-#&P6G"CZ0Y%MNF,Q"A@U/2X\]K+_$RU=$R^7A`WC1(N2^`Z(Q_KJ-'1B\C3\':6%R7#81O\P7+>.`(\
MRL"+B/-*ZPM 6-_RK
MC#'>.LHR7L_-JRCD#%*#X:04[;3<1PZYWWSD4"\:S9O@+?WQ-F646]AY8`-?
M1E5%7I:>9;4K(U#5'RXPSJ[UAQ7KGT_%7ZNCUU7>+MA2G3J:O"([Z+X^D;1?
M=+J\]N+\:8UK *U5<8]=GON<9]:)NZ;_85I%72T>SQ>/K`:O4=X4X$!%= 9[U+O'^MIYC3I8=RIU[I#W\DN9EWP%L_UA)-^T=,>P3P6QE'QT+ JMX5\[X?:`HN%U(BBE2K%*>J$+YN7B':#*-DB>V
MT'![50Y-=0$!.9]5["KF+K_LHB3L0C?.SCEI"SMEB]PTW([+_I\M4/XQ#C]DX0,^C?G=#_!TDCY)?Y\&3_R/TQ1)R^%O
MU;:C`?BTRB^7[S+8FPF2!KP?$:OH4 V
M30>F=8UZE.?'%YJ1!+8IK5(2TMJ^*51FW5[A#A)W8+GT@DCTDA\MFJ\@)B
M9RY)[*?B"?P="]<3,,F(*$0#.B_951H@3Y\#P096AO_%9$A^[ZX@`GX"HY*%
M64KDZK'?7)28+)7^B\]#=':JH^0,>OU.'+SO%)%S=O(^G9[75QEY>R9#[E@A
MS?&.$P2W=I($JV=X2A+.E)NYET+K9'*FJ$J2S9ODHZFXRS_$W-)B[*&U%#,/
MJW05.]N@1]NJ-&O'7'[/K!$@.X,G4J67)IODB[;@P$'#GFZV;MG;)/9H;O.RMY(;="G'5G6U0I.W7FF\37L`L/?'Q97OZ5[81D9VH
M@:4"$NT]E'H&&KPEH98=D'R_;^J^N\UE*@6-%#2ZO(T%+JUMN;IE;=P>4B&Q
M]A[4J6WPC#Z=\U3N$N"V$OP-SK`,8YO6P W]I-R;
M+KLW:AN>SQGRP!GRK(TK:'3)&6J;XZ'0J0H&G^!\Y) T;]FW*XDREG*@=\$R]C)7E?F]8%%%-MJ((&M9\"D;8=CW+
M4]ZB^]0[Z!F`&Y7QVE68KMC9!O7;#5T[?W"FBDYTVRN4_4-3-QQ?]ZS!%KV&
MGCF.>\9RI;VR=*OOZ[;7;WM$H;/(=E[;JOH3'=LDW?ZDZD\HD-\==IX;/9FF
M[KDK^S2VP19VPO`MIG-G+$B']_,E_*G(MW)!NKUUVOY)Y7LK'^E8'I3EZZ9A
MMMUF=-5_LLQZBS.>Y9TLG*.=-"UI90X$_P6UA-B\\+KX$ $RAO4N-FCV#
MI3U]CI+:DUW8DQAQ]"Q/-RVO[1;S$G*8VBQIISML5@ASS?]KZ!*,-]J%#J'NER?@5[\$F
M,38JAJ^H*7?9_)L.-,M6WPJ;MV9SGS&>W-=]9V6`2SD6RK%0&ZN%Y_YML)J=
M-)$\5B5B5,J'4CM3>S70^WU7>5I*,COUJ9LVXU(\K5\"H!$\+7"R&'I9X'$-
MDS@/XQD;%6D_2:QN3ZB=W4Y=H!P[Y=BIK;RX95Q7-]I?#+D3)G-)Y>.D,5G@
M7- +ZW-:WSF2GQJ0[7D4T>LVX$@D'*X
MGE?.F4+EY\[CLGOGA[U--)PL$9;.W\=I,CEW/&BI$1XEL]N(R5;8ZEGNAF:X
MF;>ME&:R=R].C5)-W7$MW?567LT_+4[MT)JU`Z:J';*+Y-NZV7=TQ]NXY//W
M>0!LIG_^^/TLN[H+@NF;=R)OZ1 O!6BN\`UU_'2+']R>M!T[\XE+U6UM)H48
M:*4 E.Z[TEWROY(+VS9#%W`1Y?[QG,<3(-XB?M, ?A?O'G^
M]CY-8GCV8Q3%#.#);_"O/$GQ3\."/!9IF)*>::]R&&5V=X^_=U[W),UPG>'QV`V;YFQR"Z^Q
M#9U^1.F(\,'6\ [WNZEK)LRH98IS=ZJE$M/R]BE/!C_O(\*2@K"A\-[[1Y^>\M8C/%XL+5TN42;!FF^XDR;A!WID`1>8S$^O#CF
MEJJ@838YGAK`NU]8NN%YNFV*/6SIINOJOC^WB_52'Q3;=;5>`,@^\.'-/G^K
M[_=UQW?WT@SU! ZY_0+B7@,08)O<4K#Y"X._PNSNF7Y(\K(IV&>X..FM&PXW1','0>@
M7(@-Y.=5QICV>P(/H:DHE PXZ[CT?LBG[T!#%XB
MY//WQWQ^,^CS+@;T?98O/+RO77@X&/!K/="O5OASX_T/W!Q9R'O0DBY/HBAY
M1'NTJ"S>S!\8D.NFRU+\?2=\QW(#1E*Y*DC'6+41?V&
M%FNI#CA\>`XY?P1),'XN_Z3N'&?)BE<8AQ;.41/(.-M,/6\P9XK*/\!N4WM)&=+=DE
MC3O'MO2^Z[; QS.1/>717.)6UJY:;@[;:OOJ
M5318`/G(&TH@F6VETM^:39OJ?;WDJ0>KF>CQ+:%GS27,O0
M?6.E\]T"P]!)/VD7)*6 N
M$%?+E[#4R4&[<<=>'75>X?UA:W"":G1M1,9*Y@XIAZ\LR]8'_L9U,Q3$;3/$
MW +6`F(ER0>'SQN4QSLV>CY#=;R5T>GFR\FZ%K,S!J>?3R$PK?VW
MR"S+T(U398/NL+(G5L)*-H\G:0-/]ZV- ^L2OJ=LV
M9A'=,M%8% 6%C4UAD&:/E%)C0E`(W@'5@`*
MPA15P8QENA9A/3;\9555#>N@T6`9PTI2:3&B7`GH'2\ 2(H3O9/C?47EITVJ.EDFUMQR!4]]2S=-?VGEMZH8YC:UCLK"
MEY^!RW'^:SA$ZJ[O4L:*:B\;ET(ZY:X^;B%+_W)J&M&R:F)=M7)AZS]]1EIY
M40?"AC,&]7T?<7;Q*F6SC#3.$+84]FZ;$D=%M>X`?A&F(ZIEC1N79
MT`S$=U?`V`G7SJ28\`62I8`/J*"2>,0+ABO< %P/+TFV_KVNW9$SQ-(S^S"TEV#`PDA.L(XANOH8Z
M>\I(<==VW=Q@]/X22 C1R.)E&(;RL1D')(QK6ZXL9BYJ)6$53)F`4CH&1#%Y9%D_,Y^ XL)`ZRP>9-]"$$A8['(W'J1P;( 76 .46+)?Z>9*7U#U8P#E
MAB-JMY8:H[ERZ^J*K0YN/JO/WV2[KNZX_8UL"PNH=7GLWAWT^G,SYA'OXU>*M5QWI_C^PKDI&)2<76A.A6E:.S"I
M[W`>J:JE^&'7^K5F?Q?YM'OVCIQ<0\Y@E^WBFWABI23A//5K#Z;BNI,X]FL9
MY\H3[HO7W?-3J;[+3ZLA)^W4)[TNN)_&5I5I]]&BSV`5M\0#>QF!R^?F.?;$
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MJB2A1==+/?OHVF2W:$DS82>#N51KIS"\&1O.4EX=ZVV0
MLAN6/H1#+$@A"E(2-$V#89[I6$QHEE-=*)'MD8IJ,J;U4M ZJDF)YH@$?F*AN0T7E
M1`D-Q!?SE7A>6`Z]K"J#NJ3$EW;+1.54+,S#"Z>5LRY2Z(L*3U)]IU4$P%3_
M%L2S('W"R;IZ^2.J*Q1,>(&DJAJ29;R>KZQU+-5S4"ENFQ.[>25GS=1-P];[
M3KL35;K"^)T"W4J,=Q1C$%[?\_2!?XI$]8O"X,?HPG@MY&9+MLD1-^"Y"K8HU*I0JT*M)T"M
M?X^+L&(LQQJI-'=9Z_
MLLL"[P6%,5$Q"`WXJCX+`/`&-9$N"KV'F=2``R']?"*7`L(79N$UX0,J(*R`
ML-U9N"PYNI.M,,#CC*+;$A8#33/>E]LKLO]2"
M,7Q):!@;M+SFP/AZFH;10N_)KXM8UUK24NO=?$LM!'91`M`N`7T;QKSA#%;U
M7(2^`W?)2?G\*_GA=0%\2Y`K1HA6HMW/:1@/PRGO`OI"@'.,^1;0LV06_MWD
M83OJ_P6^`8PD6GK6T7A WO':?VG=IJ5N/8[O$
MS+;L$;/OZL[J5O8*7BIXV49XZ7OK[UN>`UXVTG72/,ZL'ERM@4M,RI32.Z4@
M*7]')KJC"[0YNYO!@YB)O09N-H96;4_W/']93'(^^.CBI4+K->)1`KTAK!@E
M`5")>42`!;1=E?TID3D_@&WJEFN\;L@&P#&IV]I(-#2D?(8`&\5F"0+6NUF`
MTV.-<=FL&9XN8E(!P3\LX.5.X=,E`J[L;#?"16SV"@A4=CSPLN!#`
M>]\4P/LTS)-.@,!EZZT,CT*!ER=`K8>!G>)F2S9-XY;IN[J_>3U!!0T5-&P+
M-#QQ5._Z0J)Z[F)43\7RE-EXEIBL2]+0>DC6)68>*\ZFPFP*2[6/.ZV0NMW`
MU%F:Y=1[,QCU!&G>FJ%> Y>*>$-VKCG&OC6'K?LW73N\R[$R>W3=:)7*M4-Q=]3/F=?E9@SZ7B7/.
MU7A3<5/)Y@E::2I0O&G`YC12>VDB>LKXBF.;^J!_JOA*RP"N$IS=XPNV[>BN
ML;(D=2M4Z:7`5`HY#&=IBB4UIUB\*(D5*&CSQM%>F;IE6OK`]D\4/W@&*Z7`
MG;`".;Z#JGCUXK
MP*1K,:,ZE>>!E4M/%T;)C%^M*N7>HDL(AUV$MFV%S9L^-GMDYD`WG'Z[$R6Z
ML1(MR)-0.V'3`);ANOK`7"GWLOWXGMK/GTP7B]>@,??D]O,TXX:!O(4>]?@;
MB57_GF5Y.'[B7XE_O*$;!%?EV#4+T'/#>`/1;F($D2W1N#G1(*0EV5MS:RW_
M#\&(:U%U>IKS"Q6VH5,A05W+D!WC!,QA%,1W8EO\?U>_?_K]/?^,CP_OV6@6
M88&^LAYTV4@PB>>R%H.480F_<1)%R6/VALLACE"B2FD=5JY2SK,@24A'.;^4K,&AO%RN=8W`$>\+)33$"823#/VIO@P#[QV]^9<
M^^4.>M0%/>J]O-#V\OAAAA_^CP5IIKV/<8YUR24IF972M*X/_3S/=V)YS]J-
MX6N(L78AQNKUCT*,W=^%&KO?\P_$G`/%2/;:5;M=4NG.1L,V7J?8+)?.QUU0
M\^Z[77'SP.KJ>`SM@DNAE4 `BH=!"HMW>;GRMK=-2+7!H6B
M+*E">0KE=8>;"N6UX33QZ!ANCH:S0J/M:#DN,MJ.EOTVR_H[J_P7%//>ZOB&
M_XP'U.G!YW-ZLUG2\99G-JT[JEBME'[\?I9=W07!],T[=IN_"[-AE&2SE'T%
M,GZ.DN$?/_W/G__T8_&;+[P9T&?L!?0U#>(LH!;S6F#D($K$@*-IW%\EBY9-,7\EVZ4O5>BX*Q#R3%-AQ9G=[\V=M,J]LF-
MP^Z#$;4?XX=V>.(B6G)=\99NQX_IX'`[!@(E.Z(5ES.^#O&RB.=("[86E]TU;-WVW*G:?
MLB$+'\@D8:_*%Z;NFX;N&L:R1IV3X$F[G(M>X#D:*-P/&8I-?*\9?DC8S&]"4@A2K!.*PXE/5X.
M.HUF&;S(M>E%P*7&/O5:B.00,"A;SN=)5?25?9NR.&-5&_IB:.Q"OT6)U_W,
MT4$ENFT>:;5X.Z388@TR(2LGL4_/8"FV#1_O8UXOGYN["G8[/VU?W/A09VB7
MY%XL\?D_:878*LRJ,&O[N-F27:)@K(*Q"L:N%#K7K%\@;PF*;23K7+V?BE-`
MP%L!@L8)!4T;@Z?+VT05"-+2B^OXU!54&[%Q,(ORQH[P83R,9B,.A&T>&VW`
MAAJPDZ-!I*2ZL(B8,RQ;B(:\(>E\TRD@\871 O!
M6:>XV9)-LN/&4>A,H;,6HC-UKKPM.HMY7N#37(:CA-"$7G"\'[+R$%IO1FP)
MXC+X\VA76-9\#!UF&;:"-WU*-*.?TC6"^NNRYK/?Q>1&3[=<0QO#3%``D&R.
M2.O]Y+X+ZG29JZS>A5
M';5M;&;-M9VZSXU/.[68K<>GG>*F$%'_5-WD%1144/"04-!R-ZA3Q\.BV%@MK-V!4Z3XM^K1]VOBY46B7Q*?U
M*+1+S&S+CO&,M>FI"G(JR*D@9Q W1K$:6^%..V^;FZ(.*N+'`IF
M*M.F8.:%B(^"F9>W%\$(*)BI8*:"F0IFM@1F4J:@@IG*M+7WDX*9"F9VA)EM
MV3$*9BJ8V4V8J6X-G^,(O4":U],TC!I1YC,!?NIB9)L^=0_Y=4I^6@_].L7-
M8^^%37]H*>RGL%\GL9^ZB+)YB)$P7"S=L]T%">I:RJ9!.`+LE^(-7KJ>>Y\R
MI@%^R^\S>!V6_"OQFVWJ'*,@9Z_KY:#MY3=4YLZ/7=VK'1_?P-S@TSMM
MFK(Q2W$6S4?)+E:+L7:](_,,8HO=*VIQR9^Z!TP[)3^M1Z:=XF9+]DSCCNE;
MZ[I:*K2JT&H+T:H*-VYQT+PDWAC&H_`A',V"2$M9%`B0I@*.RI(H7'>)XM-Z
M6- -76)F2W;,QCO+U2U?` Y-6+&.[5-$CS)UV[9>,$`/DHS(8PX[S5
M69: HGB_B8ZVCYQ5MPG+FVAH>;3E?*I;3'R4S'BB7RGU%E5?
MV(/AK11Q@B,OCN!>>MY`]ZP3=:G=85%.JT>55!TJ:&'ICKEQT.+[''5+Q:UE
MFOW'[V?9U5T03-]\X5KH,RJAKVD09\$0[VQE[\"9CY)LEK*O,/6?HV3XQT__
M\^ _)EGV*?X8CV9#-GI+^1H9//-I_([=YM?QZ":(V*?Q6\K=N,'4
M#9,22^`]7]CXK]^],VT3EN%?IF,,;..[GY"LOUQ=L;MO5U>%I!Y;78O7H+GW
MR+J++VAQ&P:J_2ABX_Q-SX4?26+Q[UF6A^,G_I7XQQM*;;DJ!Z]9B2M\0WU_
MWN('T^Q)2]:B3US";FO$HBA@5U,A#%HE#9@RA/)`J3XH$?@%EPF-A*+^-DFX
MF]9^=YY7''['\X :7B8XA\,G@)!
M946F%6]F+^F"=U7VTQCV)N"))Q:D1?935238-O3Y*8Z*95C(N(+!@NDT3;Z%
M$YA"4@QR6%*^GGQ6N2=-4<6?4K^CR6\4X_/S"F"17]%^#OB0E)'@#W79IV?"#J[M]
M7QLGZ4["7Y=;_#[,X,LAXI017E K*U. ;/ZI#YPS72:)&TWUB`2X3;-=O*M!T)
MIFYG&V5]-.$SX5N\NN9/FC+,84" 2/
MO"5'"6RP.`'(&3R@^7W2!/?`9DUGN!D?@C`JZHJ(#2QMUE6Y\!L$]8XINJU?
M!\[I;3)H]A#4UG-#DDH!?1SO!P!B`+]&([I80N`5X%;-."!Z+NT*@*;XA1J)2OURA/WY*XJO)I(-KB_IX(:(K@K+;N&7VAWR2]])TOAKL5W.
MYI6>9U7KRJ59@02BR-W2^!&%KEZ8AJ:CM>'A3:"@I%M50E>4A2$/ZE_3+,0OPENU"_[8MF4`:L2KKTCB4"`B.
M6L]EM-DS#6PS3\WG.WQ-V>O-XZ-*WP]9Q>/F(A,'+)UPD:M&A(M+=
M:+%A93%Z2Q(-#TAKCCNJ$'S\-T=5@78;QLDD!-*2*7Y_A;*!?YDD(\!;)/@T
M/D63Z)$LFTWHMYF.YP5).J)))L(2%Z;QC K84-/]!2\/L
M#Q`NQJH3!SK\@=\:/E9;^2.61@+$D>?@8;*($
M$0!MO'$PS!,24]-P\(]XU"%$72;. 9\>,.]A\LS21X$`#/
M@SM0+"R=%$_(VH68MW0@B6Q0"[7==A_B\4.(@L2IEGY;KQL@0[ME470@
MEBD'GPM+0` ;+#A'"S\G03HBM!6"ZJ+#Z?N`*VTQ%]!4B"DG3/C*6P^#,T/'>SQ+
M< $PA_%
M/Y%0&@8&8!R_Z=)G#BC$M*+P/[-P%(CORTDU5Q9_9@H#YQ@6'V;X03A1;T5*
M5AZBXS:G7SF79J6"#9^AJKU>XI/7W9[[8*0Y_7EU6_)X*/%X?M.+'!B48-!7
M"%%I\[PJ5)U?+=7 S+"#YU$S-F9FJ=N>3WE"E:\7+^[@X&&Z[*\N4.\.PXON*JMR&G@&YZU
M26'D)YI0TC;D>
M,:-.*)F^2JLOJN^%G;!$?4M[=7'S`-@7"(F"8T#.5:6HZ:!\XU?= Y:WNZ6
MSC^@G7.7YB!O;>9TO^_ICNT=S=#U'6"[M &9)]RJ;UW=U
MQU_&Y/D#]DO7:QL9Z'*)+-O2^[:SVQJM71A7-RQWDVV';S4=6W>\9?+]W)9Q
MJ6%_KPS['AN@P>)+^G83&_]^2QO_?D,;O^SG:-_E$6'> TR>*1
M,6 -D*[]#A)N&C*?(\.+-T5,%4(!.NV=;UDOR
M($#5`&ML2Q1YGO-_"\LG\P8X*LZS14AQ`8X(\[.*7A`_;&<2$>RARR"W$HF`
MF_CI&AWKK"#Q>IR+ *SR:P(&"9/042';#G>;L<5=DJ,UY1$E^+)$KQR
MC$*W@$"YVZCEC\D5[7(0_S`9-5^O> [SVQ9X7+Z)@E6.1(,+\5L]3+;JMB9O)50;
MS7+[NM47B3JFKUN^.7\#;!-"EL0$YPE9V,#%N>G2'4K91`!O];XUX$1ZAJF[
M@'F79A,U7A%_7EMA*7SZH.#3CDID/7P"&37LC4#4ARU!U$)>U_(X]S7LJZA!
MUX0QGJ%EA=M2'8\NZ+7%)#(,1U`4J`&P+?ZZAF%T$50!T$4Y,>6):G5G>@>`
MATEJ_X8%X$EVDS#"Z[QQ+:FN4"Q;);9IK[(R=]E:%H):G'%#W*@A8J3S6)+(
MI>;K)-0D*#/3>\F3\WX+GC1.#H&EO\W`T@OZ7/S_XF?7LSN8JOS+3R"0TF1<
MKGK=EQSF4K?CY^9%[I6W5_9WMCV3N#4&T%IC&'@-TRAXHBL!U:!]MT]LQI\7
M"G3#1[5='W1TU[!K#V^PK7&+Q'09/1DR5J`/L*V&[B,*X`VR,4DLQ,0I8.0+
MSW=U"PPQ'3\7:6!9+HZ;%[-O7[@^D#:P:K?"Y_'6P7"3I?NV(
M.++J`XL<4P5^EB"77Z4DAL]E$H."*C_\?4HG'D]RF@=FE&19$E$D`P,76$@*
MI6PV76@M*J7AR/$/?*IPO47Z^"08E>GU4@D7OM_EZAX-/UAV5JDO#8?J2[T!
MKF:6[K=YO[Q,*9WE92"]N(FO!1.LO%P=N,Q##-KXF"90;'G@#MCNN@M5`U^U
M$>;:?P5T!2J;87.PD/% >N)6B
M6'B``:MR-[\>\PS#4,5MA.`0C0#=^,(,9;[01`[G$B7H\KHH\) V7ONIV*'UUY_)6
MW5_,:NE6N&V4[HEX(U^=W5GX=V6[/UX_LW1^&AV^FI=%7H6[D"(+&]\RYK]]
M;J!D(U0J_(7Z)9MF9K_I'/_`..ZMKJP%?;7@W>`75^,`//JG-S=/D]LD6B@;
MV;>/I)@*S\G6?=,"1#Z0M@#W$>8N$Y;9P&S1I^&B(_^-#6=TNO-)]'VM[DZ)2W.H??$6
M'JCN$GCQNTM:T1D=Y#"2G\3`T!JO%:'-[=!_$=PDDA7]+=5S[,
MD)L$?A'7=O3^P%.P_LMN]B
MW21V:X0N:Y(Z<=MV?[DS==LTR^"CF!I6]Y3.R?F-TL=$W#56,MI>&37=!45X
M2V=N$QZI;YG: #W:3>1"!I-R4.KY6%@.72=98O3=7'7\^2G
M^N7=FZ:3?3Q*3N*8#3DK[U,_?M[CBBAAZ\YM"2LA;+.28PVD[]F+\ RJ8]8-$9+3URW'47+28CEQC(&L'5`6"GM77%J@>`#.:\IH A<3T$%%N)C)RGUY%1'$U )V$[B:^I#UQ']ZUM
M!;AK$K5_>9IZ^8X9!6WIPH%\-VC9O4..-773 66=TX^[2LJ4I/?.(U
MDZ_CT3^#%- AW-3M7$NM.V+5;^V::L+NY/7@13/H#%VP><3WC'
MKRJ#WJ@;-RICOJ*H-R\1+8^?201D\X6P^65Y4NKAA%65&9:_@"X7%./QRP52
M<4*]7N`["P'S\#/I" Y_R0HHF+ZTLM/
MZ+ >\7+/!IQ6SW?7]8-S[9=-# W"H-NIWUDC4
MR1J>+5WH%3WA+&L7%EDP4:=80=YV3*RFF$R61.&(+O@ECS@AS20COP 9@%W+,06]@*4FH),'>2!(V
MZ'=Y0@6W34O'\ZJX][5,R5.IN8-RJGWB^X*Z'5WA-6/'V**?Z![ZZ])9NHLI
MWD\!7SA#049]%V34Q'8GJV2T79JU*]#Q? +DE,39-0^M0K=
M6\K:Q\=S*M`+9*?90^5I]=S.:,[N8-)_E%%0A4(ZR&^1*EU?1>*C#:<5UZ
MD0RU@#LHH(/^*@%MES[M"A+]4CM\41!T>^DT>B;I3P/WHH*BG5:?%\A.HV?9
M7#S['5*?W8&C[^1:OPJ1'D9F%1#MNB:]2(:NE$M9@7Y/9_V7E+QPZ5EL>]4'
MIY2AA8)_]<9!4LI@D2.C:O^U.#>\R/',DZK7XES=)+H!4*[]KJGCBY4$UW6A
MJ:?X\5L+\7Q5&^JLT#.-YD;U /D;=N$GMDOH."W5#+? ZKJF6\C9\TVHBTA
MBE6O%F]CA7@7&A?$-Z22VV5;#!"S_B:;`?LP>K:C42/ V8L/9=3Q]4/57GA16OY4CBRJ^Y
M%4UL0#1(RLM!>E6F[QVS]7'K*2KUWE"U2,-]!-JUD=+BGMD@61W/%P
ML?_!T>1+B5>WQ,O4' :UR%A9JPU17L%6)$&;A+Q4B^A5V[358X" NHN744>"R]O1B``M7
MIBD"C*;O(4QF650UC4GP@FJ*!=:*:BG\F;)>*86_5BJPAF!&T?0=IE3$\U!:
M?%,?.!:]?U08X1>^/O",*I21LHG0=JB\\+^E*].23,D3FQ>FAKN/ICC-V??N
MHV?WEYY+>3T/I639U<=:L4WY4M7\&7?]/'Q%;1.5=53,
MF@U5JWM9JVNIU;W@U;75ZE[PZCIJ=2]X=5VUNA>\NMZ.J^OVMUW=GE?Z76II
M3[&TOEK:2UW:_J9+NR*'_^PQ"R$2R' 1$HKG+!2.$@HE%/-"T7>]@;\K4E1"<9E"87O>P+24JE!2(4N%
MZ5B.89TK'*2DHJ5281C]W6'%7K$&)1*M%8D]D*82B0L4B4,)1%$HTE>.A1*(N$BILI41":0DE$DHDE$@HD5`B<1:14(&)"Y0'O#:E
MY$')PR[Z0<6I+EL6/L[5.U-00HF')![NP.CW5>K$ =$"44:M>K!58+K!98+;!:8.5LJ]55JWO1JWO^QI.MJN'=F1:6
MIV#&UUI'2EZ%.YM-8)3PORS3PGB S=;?=[UOK>W3OUI':M7M\IR-O"$&S0&;B9ZC9V!D:Z;O'#)VGGU,IUW6X7
M!;%VZFMMV3U?+858BJHIPN\S:ML`&JMI>;1=UF?'MN->_^5.W%Y#S \."IQ9X/6@ 2V;/M57NH#7:JK4:)/R`:SID&@I^*@%]XP[;36*,+
MVCWGWQ-K=LQ`-YV^;EK6:4S/+DM[3-VM1*UUG]#O:KT2[Y"SL5*O%\[>B33[
M94.E\^\=:1>],G7?LG73,%XKIT(Y%2UD9TMVREZ[S.CU!VVW59TT3!^2=,S"
MD[D G89S!E$$/S!B^\87!W_`H$A&U0"0BIFP2A#&E\K-T@C^E
MGQ4O?P2#:??Z?>V)!6FF4Y8K_F` /WXS!Z A[A6]HR$XU_9ZT]5KT:2X;ECZ(M=UKTC#:
M;9#!,],TQ*L\$;PFIIT>!SGLL$(QB#&$C7*\'S)X(AG-AGG6TXB(^S2)@6D?
MHXB&_0W^E2 @?$:@J>BM)9$PRH@]L"B9P@.Z-@HST&2WLYR"
M4:!-@+0_&/UKDMR&@. OAV2D(!H[P$.8PM0S8R)70]/X)M"%\%0SS$/[X
MI.4)C`VJ(XB'#)0&3BID&8W(@`\P4`P$$KG27_/[,!U=38,4WA",)J`W@;X`
MQA>:,6/1^(K>"W,KGP-M5YIT9-$0%C,!T2)EE0))G$CVGUDXI1$C1DL!-!8_
MS4K^!RF[8>E#.&3EDH)2AP4"#X+X^8X-N>G`1>U)8.+KTL>#`R[(/0NB_%Y>
M%_P9S'08LA3L35:,#K,KWP8,+'Z6X:8K9$D(]#1E#V$RRR))M@.P7$`Q"G1)
M[.-].+RGZ13,^-LL9I3AOHXT:(DO@-VW$Z)]X,DQ3L,L*/"`5&E]6%E@:PKS)M&$QI9]*>3),'>%NF@4*G
MWTH;*@1$PU>:Z/T8E%X(
MJR!?U4Q9%-`VAFW)`MA%*:$L?KM3Z`E%
MJ[,<9JOE:N%RR;A;+5#[%NA+@>S5XK1O>WEBWE8^T`S:="
MHQ4!-T'$X]?P&Y;&8#C+,/V)!')WKK4W5:.E%1"TJ\9OU4(?8J$U3S*49*="C0=
ME'/ME>D#Z9I7`WW@^KKE];>X\ZG6YW3K8^F&:^J^:ZGU:>7ZF+KC6KKK^6I]
M6K@^;?IT7ERGQ&;Y%K9U!Z\$]5?NX?-CPBX"P(]%:B7[-F5QQG0M9KER95JC
M%C53']B>;M@K_2&U*LI8J2"$DA$E(TI&E(Q N&N4UI?;6(
M;5O$RT><2FQVM*6Z8YFZW]^W#IH*P2X@S@_A-[Q(3WB3KO&*N@-5(8+I+!W>
MPW ./%K2MF2ELJX-_E==4&/FQ.
M\V3I3FH1._I)Q9$[*#::B>V7];ZW\ISH_*AVA[5LF7^ER%'D'(J6U4/1AVX';,*C*-;
MCJL[AJ,8>JB"5)YGZ*ZC&'H*!:39+C#<69DLJ9B]AME2NR9/MUQ?=P?J+%P5
MA>JR3.\`,UY9IC[H>[IK>:J"30O/-K#"T,#S=,^TU?JT %
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M=\/ZQ^]GV=5=$$S?B,/K+VR*F"V^>Q=FPRC)9BG["B/^'"7#/W[ZGS__Z @=Y:'D7#;\-TXA;5DAYDV8E-&PJ[-IO`D/@84:U'PF.%(;#QFPUP+ ADL-2[!!&2(C33!L+G!UK-]K`U9BE/5DL>8I=E].-6&]T%\QS*0MP=<
M@C]8K$VC@$^4Y`"_XU_-]=J$]KZTK3?=^;;7\]U*8>RW
M^>>TNU\+A339VBY/!R@?PXZJ$8]?7#UR&!B#F`11]0"*4C`!,)GS+13EI)I@
MPP7SFN66Q6P FB(7,.]X/6:%:69#&
M,%JF$[UD:,H_@5K),_X"_C)2]ERM@G**DQSU4[DK1HT&_6O-#F0:RQ`&AMD]
M[@W$ZS,1-XNBY#&(8;,&=ZC` U-\F#](;#YSM.8DIRG@YUJ[!/Q 1!&,G23!ZOA*$2A#LC01A@P2&HRN3'4\/EJS*B0S'
M[VL "]-?OG<
MW$2R-7.`MPG727$;]'C[E;:<9:;74LS(WTY9QM*';:Y'[*6[+U* @N$I38F2_19_TM9#..46*,$\
M&LAIO5KOI//PC\6[=W[0WT3#:1-\MN/^UR0/HE.9"YZC@+EG2Q(4Q"\HUZPAK6&4S#!127H,
M%L:MGDM%?A8\N/M:M7?#M:J3XH%V_[[5?8[LH'1(1$YIX=1&?GX;>?NMVM;+
MO*>\?;GSI=AJ"E_8,(F'812*^V+RC8"EMTG$[@`FL1=I
M_`U9]TM?/EZ9Q5J?[`ZP)^Z:0/^WL27XVP[EL>8K!3-"]7=WTO;1,=:"MZ
MRD56+G);N7G>K?%JX#H'2&]2#L4/G^B?RG/HW![8:_^8=LMO,[=YV4]H2"Z-
M=6V1_RNI@&++34@G/9VW5`8:ZU4VE)=5_LZE;:=7KFY9W;M=H3R`%@L?8'S=
M]`;J$L-1&N;]O"01\52Z6:4[MRLEXWQ(K/';UO@E U9;HT@V`
M4V2!/\1Z)_AN/87Z/HU&!]UE^GZ142[ZY^ (JEJMA`_5G0Z9HP&?B<0B;.Z$WP9Q'@[#:2`:-F0@"^$X'`;4[0%0
M5LJ"C#HAC1C_O$&[%IH0Y7A\"R9A7%Y8`0G$KC&ZQN(1_7>"'50F08C?4J.(
M-!FR+!.E\Y%\Q'HX/2YBV,)FU,#14NR:B:,>&/DLC1ONK&2SVXS]9X9MNZ
M\`Y#D(1_^3=Q-Y'G(35 `@BI!H#
M[M<8BX[9(UCT1$QUN0(4QC68%FA60
M)&BD^&J(D3S>+%"J8TZ/U!K0\4X\L./#R6RB8>BKTN_P;>3KZB"X[0X0ZQ6G9O"3_,\,/_D0%_3UBBOM-(
M2F:E"CW-33?C.`F'[DX"PIT-))
MT-+2#7_^LP-9I9B^[O9;KU(NW::"EO$5UE-8[Q+8J;#>Z>JU[O.P;?FZ:?AM
M5_T7M9]`S_<5FE1HLKTJ92]U9/4-W?!;KU*4U5:84F'*+K%38 53GR$,+YFZA:VD1DX!\S152DI!TT'WC(7
MKF(=R?*^65FV1P;GX# $JJ*0#$_(#+"N.>;1:O V'Y=#6+?O/"LN@ZN8XMT*%W;,BSC7C6<2DU54[P=JF^M2SAFS(G^?T#/J\2@G=(
M"+:,#B4$5RNN\25?FK=VF2M:K=]-+1]_2:I_?@].U=T];>>4D3W01EAZ%;1"
M?A^BB9DF:;Y"3U%7#,K`I9L %=C,HV2)R8`
M0L;2!]#GXN+.`\L(0]4Q/#J';])Q94U*U;U@_9Y;E7G4!T1->&^0TXR@4]79"&\*W8OJ7%^
M1T[`O]K\D'(42("0.78^1%*H%`BY!Y5TXO6[FH0"R[CFXB0@$U@Z4;J"Q,\Y
MC?B1)H 8E$C`43@">%.^`
MW]^R0M6.\`ZU([($9/J%:7.A
MQ?X7_&IEN=JT9-- H`A12D8?`X7*Z,NRXF\E*W+8K$E6
M\#9^CB4)@BAZHG"?4'%O087."1BF;Y1J
M<0E77GB>[KC]\F>+="M))DGN;R7)DMEPZX(\24`?A2)Z$2 OD.4=S!E:+0X%DEN.V&'%\!T(13D$"X3 513GP1Q_8;5I.:L&>RS,!S7D'OP2I9E5@_>U]$*:3
MH'3L&J([/-1/G`=+7YCQYA\KL22Q'!P)GM;6D\/2&'\3@O$E.4PB/'TA-;E^
M85'5HIW,020'GNYY/IW0C!XP=,?7'0?,))F$1]"+`W2&9SO8!Q%_49=D0TCR
M".`O(,41`RI&2C!X2-9X+ LHUH*//'B)B`Z4]M**,V5*!'X(J9S:B(T#]/A)[XL$"-+APNL>L=OY4W7,U0AH
MK^OH+P%)Q&KX5QJ$\$>9X/F$ WS>Y.;FG_$/1G6,L.X33N)CSR%!MU/.-(
M'JC$:!=1#A3\F\<6BHW.CU;D#!82;'E7_A;$P1U]+>^L:13$VU.50C:BZ;VP\1*S[OLF:,5QSGVX#(2;J'_A^5AE?D!,%J=F
MPR3+LQ^T5];K@C:&V6BZ;7EZWS#QI\1I #3\BGP$=(*%;L%M:Y#/-R8M5K2@V%`XW@
M55$R+8([0B4TA*WQ'Y,`0@
MLC%[,FMKYEEI=AJP\M\S4@75'(1B_IRR:9"69]`?2G1Q4Z*+"P&NT_I,&W$4
MQM:3&'3;)*3S(#`;?[_1?KF^_ES8' [2L
MHY+`98246Y@"R**Y90E`^!,4=8/52D993[L>YC-@(,>4N"WPV(X?0)0(,Y/8
MHQ#E>1'EDIQE$D^*JYO&%2SWE4FBD,+2U4Y3LVFTF%^,)A[OIY`];]Q45;P+
M10G/,80`X9;,,!(WXAK\%@^K4I:G22!2T(47PX\OP))&U3Y:3E^#HJ_K[YIJ
M1]4OC,_H4VDY/L.4AD^MSS4^A&07%D)FA%9QX@*T_SYG;2JP2Z)6[%
MK`QG%1[1?0CR!89C(:=N&*3IDT@E(M^B=#:$TUG#C#4OA6-$W(8ZQE6*Q_&X
M#D,%TI?B[%2OA6!J?E!UW[$V33P^%3DIV3V0=84)3%H<4#(6G[6("@@_*I.#
M[F$E#6#!0#8?^.E#XR^HJ0@JA92L:2[1467\#6 ,&FMC!I)(D!L$D902=2-:<1J8
MT4$7!B?2$),<1W38Q6.60KUDK!R[.0!X$BX_ `^/#-@?HX*T"1Y%3%HRH(APVQL+]$CN*S3%I`1C"4!QLO%F=>
M?`!6]C3.YMV\K#J7D50ZJ![NBRT;"7LD8>14WF3!@!
MNA`T:3R_*C/+4_80LL _))!#J1/%:]:?
M/-KK:,! "V!H*_IL&(7<>C
M3SB=:R&*7TI)/*5'WG;%7P#M@DM:Q:;#PNN6,^*Z00$&*7<<0^YZ)FEX1Z5@
M1`RXN`D448_)N#RDXU5=&I&+K)5O*F""Q_&,NX_%2RA+5CHHK9Q=D5,GGY'B
M1GH(TA"ISG01?2YV;J&U95#4`,S`!MRQXMRSZ9F*,7Q`J9UJ$=Z^#_'V=CAG
M?99PMHBH)^,QFXS=MQ!#"(M(E X$9YBX2DTU>:8@/=>
M&U`>* )[S%-'7PS3&($8[)]Z%3V>H&>0U=\LA*X36)\S61^RPN*A1Q
M^YE4)0@#,[4$D"(D$/(7`?/2.[Z@3::W[*=:D+H,-E>AD?6HF>+VIJL/!EQY
MO_`]W76&T1--]*X-1W],<8D[B1].LM!8 >3W?##U#7.E>!1-Y__F-S!+_3&2HJ[C,,V01EU\PC1/*6?OP\N'8A`J60>:903/
MI>'MC.[#A%+`,L@HF9/_&K99&/%(;`&D4&UD]^%TRLJ;@\7%YD)C2>]>IECD
MA!QI/&&KB`_);9:`,1C235F>\((IJAC+_0\>G$JMK`M72&2J3:8LYYFPZ$9@
MV$JDU;#A?9Q$R5TX)#,;)P\!MTTA:4Z0CRPL]6-%(G`7C[)2!H+]7U*@(E+-
M\VFXI=+*1%IPP?B5VR;^RTN6U\LZ+>C)]E1S6KX7:U\>UKFY_':IUD[%
M_SB]`JR=*@5;=L\ON-54YG9)<=S+JM5=U?$SG:75\`Y?H]D[4)_2.6K,P2[D
MF`.I+K*2!$"V&TG"H3H][*-,:J7??]ZW]/M1F=_`ZN5H:9>MN)<6["0?=VDT
ML+N^>C8\VD^+7BR7VJ#OVLK*&K8V#32/%0$?PCC,[L'MNDLP-_LT&NW2.H!P
M?ZRQ"8'F]@>Z8]E; 7J>#CU,MEYEG[C`$3ZNFVLW!1ML$N=,$+6
MG!'ZFA0U*ZK#K^,;G,6XV(K>86H3G6?;V::A&\[@>?H`2D1/+7".[OF^[JX&
M/VW0\Y-W[9 /78L9XCT@:LE1BK?5L]P-HX/-G&VE+&^:3N`Y`]U>G4YP
M6H0]Q^,3*\#G*27;AW6_I\L.],_JUMNR.VRUBVZ?4RQ8EC]]CH(XOXY'[XM"
M?AV_^+;OE?E(7'$K^$,W@$KF$,];>-]MSUG7)EN5=*0[6SE=^PURNLBFBVO%
MP^%L,N-%[D98=`&+8N)=52ICPOL,!O-U5=ZM^B&-U7@_+LO3`+?,501_$-??
MI&Z%Y<7D691F-,UM#%=*$2I
MB(/B7AN6O0Y3<3^;%W46U_"HD-=(?MG?B];4O'5`BHE3L/B\*?2TABEH,BP(0BT*^8U,NL8)D",<8MF$LGM#
M6:R/%][#:F?\\CW=!09]@*9XH9\[$05;G3?XQ@OX.`?YNN;\(R&B=RIN4VI*
M4=JQ*`UU5W*CFCU6?X@>1&4"H86DZ@%2Q4#X)IFE4MGW6=Q0F:UVC;7^]-R3
MI!-J?8YOJ:0`E=L7 /:HO]NV KV=0[2-8*>31%3%)XURZ4*7ZN2R*%)9B54`4*F\^#F%_,P%AZOAG
M>WP&.C).)D#/6H165CO#.@&/#/LX+8(T7*.(]WH4KZCJRVPP'5V442/_!+
M;+N54:&3)DTH6GI0Z;>B4]PLJ^EA7B("]3I-'JT7!XLK"R66RFZ3/M:@85_@
MG1G/$!U\#-J.XWKV>QMB8W5 G%@E9L-HU%;*D@GXH5RD&D\H;B/'B_+Q$""\C`J)45(4`,4F2/X3Q
M7;2>^(:%]MJ"G^6:$+.P*D;TM!$?1+LR+-Z)!3D7I8@W`5MX?J>>"@5QY$[4
MVCDLD37Q+55_XOT1HGEEP%^ZD1&6!_D]6?:J=:]9:\-WL<8U SC? 5?S]GOENR=L1&5P1F%P%R<950[B%7)+@_)E
MKM_!PCYNTCEEWY-Y+5!VMII_;>V1LJ=$O7Q.Y8*D["Y("1T(9A9-'>BO4]Q+
M6*:(U*/H6\E+3A>UC8MA,U&\#2==5;ZOZO%@+S):S*YWQ>*'%)V=0J$?UE1Y
MZ+::6+'3JZ9O:2GKB-PI%`*X*)L%5!2+H9G'F")VK,,X+(%PVF#L&Y: @'%
M($OPCT^\DR;&,[NZ2DM/M;LSA5H1-OP1.C[8=N XWRR*%T8:_*MH?RK6$*R14%\(H877,A8&S//)E&R1/#L0LYS["'[`,5
M\>1%[`#4W[,@`D[P#L7"HZA]!U\4151E:_66FBQP#Z&TI26D+OIMB8%E$"R]
M'/&IM$/GYL#/6&@2"T7XECEV090EVH2KE6PI"3GU%1'M(L.8:MY=85N(JD^:
MY7SSR?2_)?FIS5RJ9)[P0+
MG82E^7BG`*I$6M8R+\HW"H4(`Y":*6,6HLI^X<8)7V:>0=1=IFPD4_/Q>&MM
M"D4#*B$W$H;7P3>GT[/"M^="PT+R84C^0>!A=R-B(>`'5,;LD7=7%*W@\&4U
MUE5*DQ\G(6/0:[0-\!&?"E=M&`6A^&,VNYU@B=O1W(12QJO`RIU(2X;%\]-4
MRK@ERICVYRJ-7*O8B?LKQ\ZV>9CS!LTU35'^%J-922;I$51_A G33`\.HU*&:7*XDK;MHCS I&MJ&=
M#V4546`07IK?9^+T@H)CU0F*;'MNV1T>-21EO)_%]P&U7VLBB_JL_@'>2S%=
MG22#'\G(KQ7-"&JR1B2!-9!>#/9'J=8S3N&?U."BR>+5DKSFPD(D^[2JU,H"
M0> \D3$7X%K `**%H;GF1!7>I&K_
M0?OZJFP&E]S^FT [IWLRA(
M(]%@60!NKE'H_+BF%N&M(>BI[)Y*U-_2Z?`(.Y*$13@0#,180Z(6:"JZB)39
M/O783C6EKY\;9H1/S\3I(,O0)0^S>^'/UWZV&2VH:6& PUE0=:+ZUJ*.L)*UEO=XZ +.@61SMPN`"H7'J]?GYCXMO]#8;[DN%S/2LR_=:CE"4]%$ZI=PT56>7-$'KH&YGURYQ)1;
MA*9'GJX\ZO\FCYBPI"^$(S'9Z!:3-V)L9JQ/.EI)@'>1R9]!I=1&PG
M=+9 J_RY5A( [2D>L.1ZQE1SSI44IN7'OTNG$D40[<
M%3EYO`O28K2NO7'$ZRB:2U.AP"*^D=HHTO#\F`659 $6N)Y:TUZ29_/_4"_9[4&VIP=V7)=)4Z8%U-1YYXI< A/]":L?GKI*D\ZY$T:^HO+)T` %3N2P'EQ@R#$T@Z8A$0E-R;%Q4.)&![HRGH`4C:E=*ZL!C\TFA75((IC
MNV%5%J-.2G75^Y8"I82#B9+Z]^@U\/'Q%S(!_*(HBP/B$SW+TQH*UN&9,D#G
MIRI5K**J*FY1_/06CX/R/.*.!&^M/'<4OIPWM2N?/,M3A& =+'G;RE"?ZA)8X;]I8-Z:L+UTON+4A+T/1WQ%&_2L+MP-9`64.V-?)58
MHAZG6"+5.XC"/S!3EBX/X@D7CQN6-V`!!):W3A?9]A&W(!Y_49P(UBO*R_LP
MG/72\-("ZWS="G/"[]4.(QB5G][2%7KQZA)*QK7)$`LR:JA=MQE-]^B6:.::
M^KX!],I^1E''70Y#TAI^HFH!=(D>NZ_"&%B")'L^?LY-#HRZ(KYH,F.>@987
M!30RD='-/>DBG[\ZTY%#\NR;*`?"TZ^UX!%///"Q_\SH#C;LS73&U73M+!Z(
MB?,K.N*HU\V@+`A\2]U]$*65YD+&PBK(MF`LWV>>SU8?\5/HZHBKG!V]%V@6
M>;E%HD^9)3\WU9)*35#I`I4\]@$OR?`&??$H'WK>&6J F"G8:K_LGZO(9
MHB8?GECB0"`!#7\1-0#G_E*K2@@&=7GQ0 +RECW"+Z@JOI*$0A+LC21!%9;?H]##[087N;? GT6B7UD)@1=EUS<728Y;=GE+K
MJIG1\>OK6\Y`MU;7UV^#QCIL6^S6*+%[QF^>R'?1NPC5VKL%VOY)LW3?,G1O
M=6N#(\'/R^PO?S:<>IGL/,>FL`&(]'7;:'T;YTX8H?F&1U_I0EQX]I9'JA=Z
MNS[!MK--0S> +RI5?>IX7ASN_#S1:]_9[GV\>RQZ^?9B'UM
M.H'G#'1[=3K!:1'V'(]/K`"?IY1L'];]GBX[X#^E*RCKKY#0E9-Q&$F_?9M,
M)DE,-[JP@38L(UVEV?:NR>5?OMAIW[EVSZ@CI\?[,&P#GN1&R
M8R3M6&:AKRZ$2()PV@LA!U)PW0E=`]N&2Z?G:?,77('?=UUG5.$Q?>Q+>TW)#?P
M9Y9I;]%KHMI0Z`M-TZ+T:?MC[DNUFE0 5QZ(\EDO?5WA*`KZ[,6B]->J,Z7G?`M.C
M]D-+/FF.[^M]^S1V1OD/ST(*-5X[43-M6Q]8*T\KE7=RV5*H
M;?^(K?MV7Q^8?MLU5
M`Z, N.TP;ZUJ?_$KL!>X "6.MO*/-?4.^?;>[TB9^1VA4/'G+=E#U9;3O,P4`W^JT&
M7AU:V)/B+K4EV[XE-=/63 W?J,];_TJUC^?>[961X/$;T';
M)_`;LC;87373M9CEVJO?DYQI[A;%!?>2]HL.4JVK-'/^3YKK#=;%J=1R7\YR
MF[KM`^XUS#8')G?$0Z?5GXCUI]AY6HL8M0?/$VTH=&I-E7HG4J47M)'.OU'V
MVV2FJ3OVRNQ:M>X7N.Z6;^N>W7;5VJ$>=-5HGX, CZ3M,J]*(#@L^HI]2I"BXJ1I^FUO3I8WWM3%X(Z$0*
MLT-'TDF4EI1'4> 2\_"KWD@\_VAY%\T](=8YL>ZTH^GE6 S\'41`/
MV G^,=Q\G M&%C^[,VI5-SE!PE/T_`,M99BYF&5KF)G&_1H6Y5F+8SD]\P:`6^#E-VP]"$<
MLFUB1?NHTDN33?*76^#0:UBIR-8M>YN#LPO"GDJN-I02[#[M.J?H3_!< [B
M674J0C;G"TH_HSR,5G6U0I.W7FF^3+,=LS?3$QY?MJ IW"7`
M;27X&YQA&<8V!3&5EW*08ZWAG$O?RN,MA8?]ZM],HS;=VQ[565&MM@[13&4ABK&U)W6D`E*N/$=QK[
M-F5QIE).U`YXIE[&RG)Z-RR*@&A=NV,Q[)A("^*1%HPF81QF.>Z@!W;R'?0,
MP(W*>.TJ3%?L;(/Z[8:NG3\X4T4GNNT5ROZAJ1N.KWO68(M:_L\ M6;K5]W7;Z[RL?Z5@>E.7KIF&V
MW69TU7^RS'H+$9[EG2R U2GCIH`Y2S%2Q\,O3JFU5H2LCT1\GTR!,*?: ^NHO"!
MC43[7A5_;J/C/)?=UW5@:XE&.A'`NU
ML5IX[M\&J]E)$\EC52)&I7PHM3.U5P.]WW>5IZ4DLU.?NFDS+L73^B4`&L'3
M`B>+H9NQ* >6G\?9PFDW/'@Y8:X5$RNXV8
M;(6MGN5N:(:;>=M*:29[]^+4*-74'=?276_EU?S3XM0.K5D[8*K:(;M(OJV;
M?4=WO(U+/G^?!\!F_.>/W\^RJ[L@F+ZY&=ZST2QBG\;O1`+3+V!SI]G'>!C-
MD/?O)*WZJ52J'RF6L?PZ'EW#JN'/@@B?CI)LEK+L
M*_#FYR@9_O'3__SY3S^.PT@:^[-(F()GWQ?I4AH."\]\8>._?O?.M$U8DW^9
MCC&PC>]^PNG\Y>J*W7V[NBJ`",U.XY(E5MX0JSYD481K"/-I^(N0LKF_R'(/
M8[]2!(.%"[8
M1YETZ$19 Z(%5J?])N8F&>>/0;I-CNL^1N4B9;^+
MGS1P`777=TYC5-H&X)48GD[0J"*WV7)%W4GWX,,LC.;>E]=V63UQ88K?9;J/A)/-P,F6YKF[;@Y9KZDZZ%]6Q=H3G$",M3[3A+(.7LU0=0ES:3FKGIW-=
M67LFLJ_I>^4"Q6=?F6ZGFX-
M3E"PH8W(6,G7PE679^L#?^&J9@KAMAKA;.8T*="A`W%I`K"3YX/!Y@PH2
MQT;/9R@@L3(Z_;DQ+JUK,3MCN\;"^Q@*58E@L!7$]'*8S-OHU#&[#*,Q#EGW%MY85'+8NS7!L
M92Y>@UC`(],OON`-FAC_C;Z15__ WK\JQ:R:D
MYX;Q!K;YB#4JG+ZQ7(^X@UY_;L9\]QV_:H7ENCOIF@4,]W@?YNQ"_3O3M'9@
M4M^1NI&K"@H[UM(P^[O(I]VS=^3D&G(&NVP7WT3KJ23A/+4T#J;BNA/$*K#!
M$R:RAEDV8P`*)A-LSY`C0CB5ZKM\%Y]@X*E1IVM9NK%5E8Q]M.@S6,4M\
M1N#RN7F./;'7?CI7XZ#]+%/[S9#V%HP.F!^L24C1NC%CV:F,ST7NJBY^TAS7
MUGUGF_H;%P3ZE1B>3M#Z?=T9&*U7W)UT*;3/P5.:1%'1*53Y$,]A2ZW9:9IFF[EOM-U(=L$B?J"VS\C"ZO!\.M*O,ON[:ZOQ"2>8&LK+/PWU#
M]\R5 _V>?WS!H%
MO/! HJ4W1AE]J4)+3H4IMG'UV;[.:C-1-VL@C.[TG.M&GP1*8C
M8\,9I@'=/FEO@Y3=L/0A'+*L[-I`ICD-AGFF8T?I&1;?"XLSYC2`-R5CS;1>
MZMH$?G@?/'D"WDW.XA$]BF_'G^#G&&8IC_05
MOGMA.?2R<1"FN-XS5ORZ]M(PTVX9K&%15)#WL2AG723NTMSPX91-@C#&!U81
M`%/]6Q#/@O0))^OJY8^TQR"#H6`2,-"KC#&-5L@R7O>VB$OLHWH.*L5M@\Z;
MU[(`!\LT;+WOM/MXO"N,WRF\IL1X1S$&X?4]3Q_XITB/O2@,?HP:GY>#2P]!
MCL)J._=:+^!9DJ8)N`!WF39.DPE@AS`=`8A+,>H"_PIR;3H#'$5-MP+MA6W[
MN@=(IX1Q*1NR\($@WSA)`0D9!D*A>814@*])\*3=SN`_`8(LPCASS]NV;MNV
M%K$,KZ0^:UOLY@1VEE`8N+Q43@>`ZJ*APP>R1\9BVDT
M&)I&QKNN]&(^/,QM&LTRI)YPG$"#_&:L#J.'A-0"^#DO$XT,>M*W!G3%\!RM
M*N/5B8R!S7.[A.PIC* *XR$0JU*M2J4.L)4.O?XR*L&,NQ
MQL NBU(2SX(H2P#&_F<6(J5!@:SQ. /*"!\
M819>$SZ@`L(*"+>1FRW9)@H(*R"L@/!JJ7/->FN)MN#@1KK.!(,SCF)+7`@X
MS71?:J_,_DLM&,.7A(9'0 5A+MQ;)>8V98]8O9=W5G=S$?!2P4OVP@O?6_]
M+:]SP,M&NDZ:QYG5@ZLU\`W)9E#!,["6W.[F;P(&9BKX&;
MC:%5V],]SU\6DYP//KIXE .Z:X\X%.A5H+>-H-=RVPEZ&^DZ
M5VI!,^JMI14L1$_Y^?IF,&X^M/A[\M`1Z+9DF92U4-#MXN2G]="M2\QLRY:Q
M%'13T*V-W%DO=7:?ZL^T#[LU$W;"VTP4%+O61NR6Q3G`.'X O$P
MS+7I"KI.4`\1X0=VFQ;7K[T>0%EP(X+UO"N!]&N9))T#@LO56AD>A
MP,L3H-;#P$YQLR6;IG'+]%W=W[R*F8*&"AJV!1J>.*IW?2%1/7 &->H(T+P@?US(&
M18V>49@-88+YB;3T[CT0]F;_\U'JC8K>U#W#U!W;/0>ZN K9O>9=Z=.+EMLN9LTZ]80N[L5N@DQ;:?W^:1MM$KTQOHCFN\/HWY:1DD
M5B)W#I%SK;[N>?8JD6N%XNZJGS&OR\\:]+E,G'.N=G^*FTHV3]#`3X'B30,V
MIY':2Q/14\97'-O4!_U3Q5=:!G"5X.P>7[!M1W>-E26I6Z%*+P6F4LAA.$M3
M+*DYQ>)%2:Q`09LWCO;*U"W3T@>V?Z+XP3-8*06&NR'W?E]W^V[K@Q@M`R3;
MG9A ,&R@UKU#Z[Z!IFAJB=T&&-G B1#=6H@5Y$FHG;!K`,EQ7'Y@KY5ZV']]3^WG\
MYX_?S[*KNR"8OKD9WK/1+&*?QN_8;?X5?_`5B/LY2H9__/0_?_[3C^,PDGY4
ME@#^+%K'?8I)K7X626IXT1,>_\+&?_WNG6F;P)]_F8XQL(WO?D(2_G)UQ>Z^
M75T5F&*Z4N9RGOA&8B'6J&AR/V11A-R&56_XBY"'N;_4%(!AO%R^T0TP'2\+
M>1PF411,,_:F^#!O:WMX\+6\5Y>:$=Q_####__'@C33WL =WAID)Y;3A`.CJ&FZ/AK-!H
M.UJ.BXRVHV6_S;+^FB+_1<3&^781>_XS$E_^X/,)V&^69[HL3+]5]+TA7O^%
M]U+YC*U4]@O4-S"8"T+/!3;+YZY7CC$GM,\WOK^;HG)[YG&\.-/?A1[3[UG.
MRQ5'=-U6@)=BD.*+#ETB[G#MXNK/=V#H*LLUKF3F;+["E!D`3!WD@0UD.P
MYD;?AU0FAVU`?J(Z $D31.0JKM,&Z?)1(,5"7,L]TMUA4%K\W+#V"EW
M/`Z'+"TZV!:MT/+[("^;GXVT0'MAZ7W3UDW?K8H4IVS(P@ _&;JL=;.1=1WZ4LF> CB4]'@YZ#2:9?`BUZ87`9 L:A]?.3JH1+=*_?TZ"=(3_>![Y,Z]G0LBT#A4N0I>NGL
MC#NM@4GM?0EUXA.$/* M+F_O42!(2R^N45(W-VW$QL$LRAL[^8;Q,)J-.!"V>6RT`1MJP$Z.!I&2:7'N
M29@S+%N_A;R1W'RS$"#QA=%S#6T*D\GN@Y3U-M-GY\>-2V1$&<0M39F]MAGI
MN9%DEU:Z]4"R2\QLR19IWC;VB9J+*,BG(-_)6_B>`?.=N8/O(4&?)4!?=147
M$R":D1_OXKL)2O-=&:6U&9JI;J"'"O-YNF^9;<9FG5KJUH.S3G&S)9MDQXVC
MT)E"9RU$9^I<>5MT%O.\P*>Y#$&.-)
M$B9+(\[,=8>\>&,I1]`=\7)];%$]ICD"UO3-S3)$W=9O2JCMHV-K/FV@ZK
MY\:GG5K,UN/33G%3B*A_JB[`"@HJ*'A(*-C8P/O\2'!)7_$3`+`25AO-XD=-:08)=1C"\8#E,<
MN:3]$?YK>1@+CVYKL;!V`T:5[M.B3]NGC9\;A79)?%J/0KO$S+;L&,]8FYZJ
M(*>"G`IR=A%R'AIQ-N?=K4&7E[
M$8R`@ID*9BJ8J6!F2V`F90HJF*E,6WL_*9BI8&9'F-F6':-@IH*9W829ZM;P
M.8[0"Z1Y/4W#J!%E/A/@IRY&MNE3]Y!?I^2G]="O4]P\]E[8](>6PGX*^W42
M^ZF+*)N'&`G#Q=(]VUV0H*ZE;!J$(\!^*=[@I>NY]REC&N"W_#Z#UV')OQ*_
MV:;>`0RGDO!;]*E[$*Y+XM-Z!- F?V7
M6C"&+RF*-PIR]KI>#MI>?D-E[OS8U;W:\?$-S`T^O=.F*1NS%&?1?)3L8K48
M:]C[A+ONRC4J/+:
M6_2I>ZBQ2^+3>M38)6:V9,=LO+- BOLTBOJ6^N!R(K)9]U;*W05'L9E^6+GT
M[!H%7Y,\B.I!7KV(X5Y-@S1_TK5;-DX`D(_";`@SSEL-ISLEZ:>SOI9NF)[N
MVE:;L6RGUJ[U8+93W#QA1%/O#SS=M-U+Q*(GMRUX^L"T7C]'N*T$Z)2"ION6L4K,VJ![.P3O]X,E)XQ./`,4(M
MBO>;Z&C[R%EUF["\B8:61UO.I[K%Q$?)C"?ZE5)O4?6%/1C>2A$G./+B".ZE
MYPUTSSI1E]H=%N6T>E1)U:&"%I;NF!L'+;[/4;?@/W_\?AQ&;VZ&]VPTB]BG
M\1>N;3ZCLOD=%=%GKH=^^I\__^G'679U%P13Z> `/LYR##)YXFH-2N'X-T
M=(-Y&)^F>*DK^T<0S>AZUW66S2;\NZ_XQJ_`JI\C3-C`;!+XQQ K*W;W[>JJ$,]CZVCQFHB-\SJ_9UD>CI_X
M5^(?;R@SY:I\S0;6DOBO\4T@A-00`CID4824@M@W_$5LB+F_U!2_8;Q P[^R=S+>=J^.7A_OPYQ=J'-E63NI4ICH2EUZ
MW&/`(4-9/[4N%:/6C-0M?K`,TR$VWY:V:R/>[R2=-G'^&$D`@YVPVJ`WL)0D
M5))@;R0)APH@'4;!=2=^]/X;2X=AQK0I_(R=2LT=S9ENA_B^,'JNH5UI+P`@
M;^,3[*&_+IVE.\4Y]U+`%\Y0D%'?!1DU`3J>)$7O>4'']]^F;$AY["R=:*^>
M6)!F6YRS[:5>+TI.39!1^]0J=&\I:Q\?SZE`+Y"=9@^5I]5S.Z,YNX-)_Y%$
M01Y&X3:!<85'5PFK8;Y$:36]EPJ,=ER77B1#+>`."NB@OTI`VZ5/NX)$OX39
M'U=CO#&9!OFI//R+DDZC9Y+^-'`O*BC::?5Y@>PT>I;-Q;/?(?79'3CZ#JL<
ML7AT2OUYZ0;?4$"TZYKT(AFZ4BZ7Y5HC
MRSD8FS7`V\FNN%:O?Z0$@TTZ-;5C=Y?'RF(34B&:?P9I&L1YMDO"@;63;;+`
M.*FE$$M1);S]/J,*/LE8:UH>[80)(5Y_(P]V@=O'LKQ^7XG+@KC\D^;`1E?7
M#RP-[IA6IC)\QE2&S>3E4#[17CJYBT[1IUF>Y;`_L2970,T"/@WS!/>O*,!U
M(B5Z^= ?X22ZHDY_!:I_*F?,OGIW:P3/RCUF@H&?;
MITC"V<=.M=4HU6]?&?5J;K\@>&2CTUBC"]H]Y]\3:W;,0#>=OFY:VQ2W.:X[
MI2H'5N)&ZU7XAUR-E;J])RD$WK/ST_BC[MG 60N2W@01
MH/@\T>`W+(W!.
MJ1AZ&(::NF'8NF7W%4.5*E(+O<7.\773-'73WS \&N@#U] !+(LU]@WS%YCNA:S
M7+DRK5&+FJD/;$\W[)7^D%H59:Q4$$+)B)(1)2-*1BY+1C9#`.='OQ<6$0VR
MC.4J)MKJK;%FX[BNH=O^-KV7U2*>0;\YNFD[NK.Z;)Y:J+,OU)IE]&U?-\QM
M*G&J16S;(EX^XE1BLZ,MU1W+U/W^OF435`AV`7%^"+^QDMU2\\>+6%3.E+17P
M[_*Z:@,?-J=YLG0GM8@=_:3BR!T4&\W$;FUZWUMY3G1^5+O#6K;,OU+D*'(.
M1C$EY[%5
M]6#4@=LQJ\`XNN6XNF,XBJ&'*DCE>8;N.HJAIU!`FNT"PYV5R9**V6N8K56?
M/=UR?=T=J+-P512JRS*]`\QX99GZH._IKN6I"C8M/-O`"D,#S],]TU;KT\KU
ML;&:H&ZZIEJ?%J[/H5;9U6U3U6`[]PJ#N?)UT_9USUBY&.?':ET$9JI8T[GE
M>XWTN[K;M_6!?;);L&I5NO!)Q0J5C"@943*B9.32960S!'!^]'MAD4I5K*G]
M6V/-QO$,0^\/5/F8=B^BYNN.Z>F^J^YGM'RA+-T:8++]R5HZJ87JZ"=UD:;E
M8J.9AFX;?=WW6XXJNP@A5?6EMHO_+L;/L77+5Z66.K-BEV_GE(P<8%>;NFOY
M:L6ZLF('6O=^7[51[ A2=Y%I.;KEJ2A;MQ?1
M='3'4?6(.KV(@[ZC>YXJ%M;E1=Q\L75[=6D:M=1G7VK-U"W;TGU[Y5TV&6-^
MGP>W$L3%+4S;Z&GR[IE#B=3SZ-0QNPRC,0Y9]Q?'+
M=VC#)$;&?6'COW[WSK1-8/Z_3,<8V,9W/R&]?[FZ8G??KJZ(C\>'F'.+UG0E
MG!BHW2;IB*5"R`PA8$,613@02+6*!9K)\5BV3W'*=CU)DYB
M5K!.B$B61"$.%(^21Q03S41ELM,$&O3.D&&"\JD5CQBUQME;_&`9ID-LOBT9
MOI%2W\VO['G.<23!V$D2C)ZO!*$2!'LC0=@@,'%T9;(C*EBR*B =_LZD+4%OMU#
M%3Z#M=BR%-%>FOSRN;F)9&OF`+,$UTEQ&_1X^Y6V'#W6:Z%CBB6G+&/IPS9I
M#WOI[HL4YW9^`@_:-=W3F8*6H6(E:4 YVP,NTW*=?#83H# ;10$[KU7HGG8=_!-%,Q'6B*'D,XB%3?D.'MQE5V7)L
M4M5;E#Q3'H'R"#JX*T#:+=TRC772OH%YL'OG!_U--)PVP6
M]IZ74OV9Q6P 0YNFY\)[)5GZ]RS+P_$3_TK\XTV(&7%7Y6M4IJ_*
M]+W0!$^5Z:L$067Z'M^#_,!`MH)("\F`:GGP3;OEME,+ PVV(#V*_P;4.FL0=U3\PDM&6MC
M;A%:G#[P;%#@( 0893CJ*P9)84'E:G^
MP.L"?NFD#_M[$E^-V&@VS$,,=HIN6NJ2ZJ5MH@-M14^YR,I%;BLWS[LU7@U<
MYP!Y. 7L?Q'<8O<49JSL`E[Z=7KFZ977O6H#R`%HL?(#Q==,;J.S[HU1P%WF'VCA)
MI8.$T\6B5)YNNU(RSH?$&K]MC5\R)QA'SZ136^)9;8ECIJYOG7:^)'W]PRR?
MI>RW,`XGL\D7>%\0?0Z>L#IU]B%)/Q75-W_%_G7'J#A-6T(2)B['B]+ET2:1
M4]6-,E-]^USW#0>5OJFRXU=)O ]CG*-VPZ8YF]RR5+,-G:1D5IJKT^2F&\=)$7!W$H!C)2S8_D[,\7M^OUU)
M4OOLJYIK>WU(U[8=6\TR3/ 6"%=3R&ML%ST#9VL
M@FW;)\F)4H"GTL*>`BV=!"TMW?#G]_9EE6+ZNMMOO4JY=)L*6L976$]AO4M@
MI\)ZIRL-ML_#MN7KIK&RG7P;5/]%[2?0\WV%)A6:;*]*V4L=67U#-_S6JQ1E
MM16F5)BR2^Q4F'*_5/`#9:<=&\=ME^5R9'BT'3%'1D=; N
M[;9N#`[4M7V/;!C*KQF'T9NW2?S`TBQ,8BPP>9M?QR/1%.4CJFR6Y5^3M\ED
MDL34?DL;L6$X":+LK]]]_/W#=ZN2:K19'/(__/WFW7 A1G2$,;PK)AQ$F>_L_S3^&OP;7-R_W63_SS+XAMV=_4V
MX&T?PR'+YF=Q93JNY7I^M1S;D'.D>5A\'O8V\[!-?V"ZY@'F\3E-AHR-Z+&;
M(&+9IS%0$,8LRZ['L-AAD#-87_@9W39_8+QXZ9JE,3P^):\VI2\LN$/QGI^.
MV7=LLU]-9D>:3BMGRR9C=$&XEA%_Y=JF=8`)@(9`T,A_\B7,_G@[RT!MLW1E
M'A\H:`US#8/X2;L/L'_K`X/!,FT,HVOY8Z)EH+?#<3@,XEP;BE=FVN-].+R'
M7T]QQ\#K1YKGO\3"3CE6?B]?4\UK*7D[34+F\;I)@,ELG$3#'!RG80Z]32 Y$RWW.=_0C[
M"'8_QN*8'P"U9`!D?DF2T4I;0"R2K=I]FL3A\&,4H3;_#3[#ZP#ES-/J]@>.
M9 26?OV?UDT^OD)=&F>AK=8:?0H_+-\R_`L
MC^^,->,?AL[=6&D[5A]@PN9T+K#\EQ3,TS%8:*-Q,[`;MRD,N",EAUZ\
M>4J044$ZO`=X^PY,?I1,T2$4=RWV]8?/5>(Z^:OSNP;6/SD0%UC\)HAK[.#1O.4FH9
M\?[;,)J-V`BQ.2+.64Y[[=/X?9#&\*;L,TMO[L&-O)Z@4=^)3?1\!GO)-P>,>8)8>H95#DTY2\)Y#W?P9I"J[`>MW<1+`Q
M&)BN[Q4(>,7K#T&$W4B$[0[ZKNML0\,-2X&-;WD@B6K8?4Y%?Y2U@:IE9#CH
MEPA?8-W[YPAYMR,AS8MB6>XV
MHX":%DI_>/^?&3CD$=O54)3V>\W+]R=@"0-*T[H)`:7YI$G
M6_[/4_;ST]>G*;M"X2-W@X[:1E\3JF3X.4CSI\7@GNG8;M>6>J>IPF[U[,ZM
MZJ92_3G(F\X_;-"3_:XM[YYS=CW07_NIK\,M]!;S7A!8R_3[KG6,B7PISG#V
M/9"&K\N#_6L\NB1W$G\%_VD^7UM0089A6W9?#IUPXG:@>(.CYT-0['E&[>3A
M\!07YYD'H-9V3.7W) J$H&[DGZ:3679EFO)(>5CTG[([05"/#@TV0?>:*<0B[W7W[- SV!-RR*8)A?6(QMPC#;;33!
MHTK*-7A@6Q]#'$\K7)F&XWOR6=QFM!]\NJ=1@E>6U0 %A-[)
M-`A3Y/RG\:])?$>N)O>NOB8_,^Y?P8#CT_+_^MVOZ+!'O/
MT3;[CN/9>\R1G_1E.6RH9(A9^Z-_AOG]?)#RB&<5NV1.FHYIE`D5ZV@_V#3W
M.I$ZS33+N.IP.)O,(OSM.\Q7Q\=@Z>%SQ/`#8M%)DN;A?^E[@++4&^^N>:T_RDYX_JU//'5 1
M^;OES1*_X9VM*F^)TI7NDV@$=C9-'MBD\1JY:UI]29VM'OY@E-H[4.JXIG-Z
M2NL\O4G&^2/>48A'Q<=W#]$4S6%3ZH$KWQ\Z"VNW(1B/A AT[;ZKGMF?I9/+GA9CF];9V;B4N(LU[7MP3E8M["&
MOF=[IZ>D(57/M0S?V&W%3@:_&X( [>KSQE3,'SP5#^Y^F=4S+5G/+!O@`%2LNM@*JV(ZVY*Q
M0Z;N-A?&EU6[L=R^O5^^"+[:A&PEMS_,Z3J-9N.-']O
MM7X[[PAD-MQEW6K,DN"/X*"!MX:=>\MB##M11FL[`#.!%^;7OKDW^_(R<3AIW"N
MPX8E,W&,OFUOELATYL.$95>(@`].NX\*EE`N:[3.'P0L$R_06%;_4CR7O:_X
MN:[C'IL;9X_^;G:_<8_8KBCX^FL8W(81)1=M?$>3IQ'=Y+\F0QKS"E_R-2%K
M*5GSQ:"!9?3KIU7-%!R-3B0NS+#N+18U^C<9^WQD8
MYV3CY^`I3:)(B-KB!:&^*WO4IV?A:OK`OW'DRKNGY]\[@3&_-$0;^P/;\>LG2N@-C&OK0L;;.RD`Y57>QBK-KGU7UK2*N
M;WCFJ8AK"AZ#RK#M$\K6PDDV:%5S8ZV*:)A"[[\G. 8N1_-;0YB^8'M='S=L"TOJ-;#OM)ETL#F+PDDJGY,\"'_J8ZKKEOBN^^!3+
M/]Z:`5>F-W"*VG#-[]QKR(;I7KDP8 :$CY2P$1P*_ NTD`3,OONRL601Z[
M@(P8B4:5LI>T6^;`D+,+FUZZYZ@-\S4-UQV8FPP[SX_/:1@/PVG5FNEC;!FF
MN_L9[M)57S+2%E1Y>YTLT[)L.-!F1.W!I&4Z8F&,Y2;A"Z.8+M6V.Y;KXMD#
M=ZD!74[`*8E>]!H&8.G\5M.\F+FV`MV=DN3ET&J19+L=)&_A%UF>;RWSB]K!
MY=:2O)S+"VZ4N0)SMX/+BR3[+:%Y.9L7/$+3]ARG!21OX<2VG^0%W]9;%>9I
M!\T+3J_=?IH'':39;$H%;3W1BYAN522I)40O8+J^U0X8NH+F!I^L]7Q>@!NN
MY;>!Y":_&KPR%W/(SDY '"=)YWL`KB-IFI".0URQ0EF,VQ` ]7G89^8ADKTKE1Z*=8Q+^;L:^)M*:X3'TD98`KTZLF ANJW'/1;%JZ3H:F"[KMOW]R&Y
MNDR2A@]4WU3*7-A>NQG@:#GR%96&M^X[;E,2QL"M-6W?9ERI&&3YW5Z7B6S?
MKMUG7#O4(0E;*2^V;3MR):[M*&NZ)W,]RP'AA?]==]UC69,]0W@RFXVQ@AQ0
M*Y_2FQPU#-T=*?H$2F2Y:P0X&Q4/8?MKI,M<1MBRT8YXG:FY^=/50>XSE?(0
M/H0C%H_FSJPVN1'X_C_8KC&[DFAHS#4V35LNC+-DQ*8[:WP*8"Y8GD=,6)CR
M^:V*5&Y`;"FBV'1\X5;;:EI*ZILN+9UZ`@/#$UA\&VKV%PM[*[%P[8%O-N6@Q_%L1#L!FBKV>="1^2%!%FA3CW.)X&
MR?!%YLC6H^Y.[_K.FVLVY?N5F])V_!VG)#7O/+C6:Z195*0Q#-_(=*?P])
MFNCU1#N6:X*Y[)$^X?:MOE.$M:B_N./SN>V!WPEW?H:J,.PU['#/5*+_"3%F^;6R!SD$P"CV->*?\
M_6*\\E-\8(GP[7X15-^?C)/Z&ROUA]EWW.*"T6X.QT*EF/T"2I:Q$%%:,4+#
M%I-^O2#A>^CBYLO75?]VTW*=P?R^6T_+EA/8`X8YCC^PO&TH7$O;IRF_%L_2
M89BQ72PWO(>_Y/HN9;P>Z!7_PMR8]V[?,8OXV5:4GG5^UL;S _I$&,I5)FV/_A,QC?A)\MT.]O
ML:D\$L/B;&V5OFUFN8"J'*MF/G!Z\H4
MY_$SJJ5?DH1^_7L2L\DT2IX8EG^D9@I?0:=EP1`5UO\+H^5A_H0+/@0=A[D=
MZTM.;J%C_ /$'F_LT E&&?&-:>>.:;G]HNS.ZG?7BPD7/[T&WO.TA*R(HU)^POKS
MRB]!?,>N?@OC;^ D)M(.!GE"QN14V[U3*]%
ME*\0S0;*!RVG?"G/!_TC4?XES/[X`/"DB!T>5,I169OF:KJ;"#@1U4NXC53+
MISYGI'H+Z4:J+;NU5*_@=;^_(]6(1Z]'HQ!_%41E"XAA H\D/M\ AEU->E*#_],!2WL@"4/\_8,(E^/\T/NA4!IZQ
M9":[D5).;1/:.'B^?@S2$56N$,^834>!4A;*(<>RFIS/(XW5E$_7=[&-[N''
M /LF3^TL#T$0;K-PPV6#&4R.:)
MMG165^ZW.8_5%&,W#G5P0JSEA!@G)63IK>53K$]&;IB]WOYH;JT9'O1,B)CP7=84^IVP2SB;[4+88
M ZHUCOST_53T357Z))P*9/LSS+@Q@[]/X^F]RR
ME ,6Q%PV"4O,^I/L^I&KS\XX*IO1?U!
M5008SI`W<3^,GK"M);D6!R/OT'*S,,#1]<4V_#DP_>N+>Q4;#[(JIT"#2RW^[;MC]8FMZS9)BZK`41R[ZP
M!Q;/MJON^*^;_.=9%M^PNZNW]VD2A\./412S+/L-/N2L'_^(/-J(!_\Q:T6)%R-X8DZ30!
M#+/0K?9J,'!]RY/841OLT&1L*#!7EN&:OFN=B*H5TG)E.J[ERA4:CTE)HZA<
MF;8#AKJ_$0V[!P8W$!9S8'N&/=@L-'@(2AKYL145UUG&-CG=V6#VKFO8OMS.
MGEZ][V@;[@@'A,"1HR"'&7V%Y/LP6;G8XT$&;%Q0U[%,O^\V#D46+OP&=I>^
M`VOV*T,@\?X_LW"*4*(HX'I@O>@;7E$*:K/A3T%MLR79B=*R2!";ID`)QVSQ
M2(ZH'Y:A`ZMOU6I`+QWWN/1MN-_`*,JYW6 NJT0UUP%T*V5JN6XCN$5,SW%/
M1T>C_'B6Z[MRT?@#X>-E"[,4'UOFH.]158.#`L`])??*''B>9]HGHFH50+;!
MC:GU&C@F) -XI/ `=8Y#)7PHOBMORN`&9%E1E1GHW)JMX":XJ^G=:-RC
MD][`:\>UST!Y[40U'OW,8C8.=S@OQ`86VY*_9.R33*&Q$:>W]0H L0#>UCP#-]JQU_!M<9C#DM74
M-M>R+-/8BRQ1?/\#&X%"CN`IP5 5%$[
M083PR?"P''.1Q:5W>&=9V#4$MZ\(#":-IU1-3\_DT8]O8>$ZX^QGLJ
MP#4]@5W+LC=AY!;4G'1RJX7$]`;'G%R%QC$JD7V8Y;.4B>H`(C,N>S?;N#?,
MPL&-T;?M1D=JD^%VH?1C_/4Q^3\6K&X?UDRLZ8.+M36QU8@[TGN?,K8CQ99O
M&OXN%)=C[D;SAV26[D:R!4ZLOPO)Y9"[4+R]7VB!W`Z E<1=P7^(U0HGMU
MV[+\P9+H1,,PAR)HE9:R+'=+@L2[M7"T,%G\^Y]^9%1[CS[_Z4 H('_Z\=MM&HW"-^S;-`J'8?X;XQ=%0O@K]@?XZW=E;@5Z
M%O@,GI/D3TAR$J..O?X69M_]5/ZLJ9T`?^N/WS Y2ULEUFI]$!Q?HO6DUM'9]>PF&Y^U1#(^$1JU]T'03VQ4J.S';E0$_#9^5
M13X#TY6)/0G'SQT3V8M^6VW3G81FCT#4/-,5XCHCVQ7B.@O;56#KQ&Q70/ H7QAM1@M5%=J, E;>%4:#/.L$U9GP]G-N7KS4UVS
MREVR@:?@0YN"HX&:'_U!/5J`Y
MGK&1^%42MVSURKW6/`W\R[PK1E\VS^T2UK-)6U_.,A]$I2KI.J@'JJ3K4J7K
MU-<=YQV&YR!9&_H82JIVEJH+$:'GNYZ']V27E=%NU GKTY1=E:U/>">4KPE5F/T,
MHO'4KK7XG"8PO_SI %\(O4U6#&KEJV&K5:C-;?8YO^##+`4;.$NQLOR'\!M^ZO("-$VGU3M`
M\?^\\E_.IL-,+__8:DE7G#Z63._H\*L\BJZYTVK%CJ^PU%JT0:7Q?UB
M]`*1E9DD:ELHQHJOIY17JU-\M5HFK\OY>L1V`T?@J]TROB[7`\^>KT?2`TZG
M^.IT1EZ?/5^/)*]NI_CJ=D9>GSU?CR2O7J?XZG5&7I\]7_=OBM'(5[]3?/4[
MP]=^I_C:[PQ?!YWBZZ`S?#6-3C'6-+K#V8Z%M-H6TUK!V6X%M U6W<5
MCPL3A(XOAVE CZ@EQ&GL#:
MC#^U8W<6D$L3A38N"$^W^Q+$=^SJMS`.)[-).]A>R#N15M\"@LY6Y OKEPS6,]9,,^($YZS')^6[;5:XDK:3U,'O)GM
M2MI/VQ3T^C%(1W2+YY]!FH*9:$G(H&!T25_E>!2$=E+5K&9^2[R_] G
M!/Z0OI^2X*-RLV7759=SLVT%V!JYV;(KJLNYV;;R8(W3M\K*U>)).DQ3`
M:[OX>K.ZDW=U%B>H[Z`+L'Q)[M,D#H 1!U;F6(Z@XN0U&;1&FOHU?B5NJH'=P/4I:Q]"$ 5
M%C\4S*R=HR@ETN[3ER6+I79#*Y9!@9MS+8DH+JA6XO@%')6%:`?W% 5
M83UDB=+/4_;S$\6&;Y)Q_@A"B"T\UKD0!(%MSJ'^?]B14)GJ&K?YD$EAJ3YQ9_[G'V?QR-R2G^)V0Z)&TN
M"')C,,6B/R*CT[/@@6,YQA;\P-(D1X0MWV3L#H"5^?T:NF&6CQLWV%B_L+H5KD>5KP=>M@X_I]R,:P@7"3IVE>_1!8Z..O5O.[@
M':,@!;OE4$Q&Y/H&K\P&IE$#**/?UJMWE=(6`.C&H[9K2)=,:(0:(.4'C%#-
M3=WW)+'3*!8C5=MQ'Z_J)UF&&FS.\F+'\R:X!H\-DFTU&_QXV<1J*;_I&+0]
M'II[HQ(`GGP!4$L#!!0````(`,6++497!?">#@4``$XW```5`!P`86-A &UL550)``-RG+54 7>VSC[3:E>'ZPSR@SA2$))RU*O5JK>(`\SDF;-RJ
M$,G=R\OSIENO?/CY[9OK'US7Z0N.(Q^P,UPX]SQ2$T'P&)Q[$%/B@W0BJ56=
MF^[']D!&1($C^4C-D(`3IXVGB!G5#@_"2(%P;AGC4Z3TV/)$7_C5$_TL7`@R
MGBCG?>='Y[16NW1/:_4SY^]^_TOGKMZHW_UVT3F[ZUY .*YKG*6$?;TR'T,DP=$PF6P=3Y0*KSS/*,V'@E:Y&'MZC(:W%CQ^
M^^;H*!:^FDOR1&'66(O7O2^_]^[]"03()4PJ@VJI*,F5C._WN!_C*C"DDREA
MKMRUF&MNN?53MU&OSB5..#HB]'$8Y"LR!5_'VX3",Z&K-1NUA+2QMVA1/6C_WE@\WI$F..X_AU90>+3D5G,(`1H[Y^WEPNPNZ
M9^0\@L5#AS,,3`+6_TA."48*\"^(&OOW$P`ECYT8S95:A-`ZEB0(*:SO302,
M6L=(VW?7I@T/[PI:]OX%X"/J1S2>'CU]_61,F"O0MO!Z5./\01$:-U9^4.XG
MQZY0,V>YJ"0!5Y(TCI` >$"57-^)0^/6ZJM)^FYU^Z$MI1Y\
M;9FB(=!69>.A]TJN^3Z/F)(#\(%,T9#"':@L3U-EDXXGN&V+IQB0\-=F];\Q
ML97,>;^2\&04!+$U5V>W8*T_$CS8BM]Z,+[+7YVC]=`\-&81K3A<8!"KY#\#
MDWN7%Z]$2`?)24;\XT?VAGOI>7IT3RV);A="+HF22Q2=2`A@6=,]7=;>^&=@
M2R>D\9\)V=X+]$[\\(>:@/B5,`V@I[,UOF5Z`QL3O?:6;FUGEZ):]@6^,-YT
M"LXL61,?.< :SM*E
M-2SQ$(1:]'5KI;3K-]\B$@8Z(62OIUP5FUG*0YK.4M,2EHK4N#;6MAL>OTQ'
M9R6\9W=05J(I4B/DMB%6HGI.WK:ETN\1-"24*`([TD**X"N?3_71PBSW'=DL
M7?BUYU1VV--RVR92NX^KNA%\X@.@YJBUC\3NJ96C4`Z>\A#;??BE9YB(`!?.
M`MGRY6`J!^]+'8H=AJ@[KJ!8QDN3+` O"B/@D*PD74"PCD47B87=]VL:8+%WK(X)O60>%
M1*&L][I9TF7D+A.YW35KAP"V?).L,?9^!.((#E!L^KR--$R4I6..:,2K_T?)N2]*[V&MO$V%/7YM?F"T?F`_S@RE]YSM02P,$%`````@`Q8LM
M1LZVZ7@H(@``&:0"`!4`'`!A8V%R+3(P,30P.3,P7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``W*<
MM51RG+54=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[5UM&S9XQD[
MM7-;LC6>\Y7'TLI.LE=75RF:A"1L*%(!28^=7W\`24DD!8`@!8*`@R^)1\1+
M]_,`)-"-;OSM[R]+_^`9H`B&P:?#P;N3PP,0N*$'@_FG0QB%1Q<7YY='@\._
M_^=?_ORW?SLZ.IB@T$M MPN4IB@`YN@R!\=F+<=_0]_H?[[GO\;/6*
MX'P1'_S[]7\ '_SO9/+/Z_O!V>#^OS]>O[\??;SX^?3'_WMW
M\.W;MW?`FSLH[>V=&RX/CHZ(L#X,?OV!_.?)B1__CB]W>T/!O&Q!Y?'>9ECQ_>_.TB%_2%^
M78%/WT5PN?+!^K+3"`Y-DX,O"O')Z^\
MAP4`<=060G:#*G`3ZET^6!-862*(@73AQC_EPSW
M:#P;XV](MD*3@2>C9=58UHO1(8[2!ZE(-WH@K&[8/L2A^^LB]#V\M1EAA5TH
ML$YI!C6MBSYAILE#Q,GE\4.W*,2A3W8H(3HL(G!87)[,G.@I75`DT='<<5:I
M*,?`CZ/U+RE61R>#?$ORU_SG7S92/3I//ECWX#M/P/]TR"ATW+.HGW_#^\=7
MLC,-`X+G\`5&=9)3ZQ05V8Z!(2JKA-=[Z];SI5]9(\'=PKJ-&0J73&C7'8>B
M*N!-/!8G7!'!'?_P($1X3.76@6QA^8,;!C$>QI_]M)5/AQ&8DS_ZHK&BQBA=
M[3+HHY?MCK;J+J&&,]Y`+%+(4)E-G:G4_#)00TZVX^R2':R)>5/K`2`(HNL)
M;A(@1#XY^#/S-=U'LMZ/G!H=,EG K?!M;."L>-S^>#7
M,8.;&KWI/+WOCZ D,?>R1H?4.X@Y/^5O\9ZUU85NP-Y&W!J6,
M%:;(.P5['4)LK,LVD%WU]%O;+QP$HMLH2H#'0K]8Q`3<2RIIMU9/Q;MR(N!]
M"4,O&@;>/7X1+5=^^`K`^IC+(W*"B%AJ\U6OT"S9OV%3V-T3/NWV#DV5^D?B
MI%[B\>P!N`G"+(G,83D=O,$QPH-3XOYEU_TS@_XOI"/B>!W/"KO UWPJUB!(W)HT(V3HN@C/R,\O*Q!$
MC>BHUC24C!T`).Y!]J*B\?R@UW\;M/#GR47WY-R%3C!&#/\\&?.X*1[FD;@*;X.@SQ `7-AL&5:M:2@A.P`PN&AE3MB+
MB\;SA%[_;?!2,U-Z=$"F`F?FA5&"8#"?``1#[R?'3\`]^)8^81OO1>IJS&!#
M$!CL]>FKI`N>#;>6]%4KF\O?#@P,`A78"T;P&7H@2,U_4^"3T\RW00RP>'&3
MI02G%8UI:@T,@R\%1@6.6,T7@+5MO3WN:CYX$BT/V^4H,9A33C)2F*JOHSDC
M`DHSD)=H7Z@5@CE31&N:S@)_%IQ*-"+LBC)J,0NJ=8S#?T=I!O(2K0:U0C28
M!?2:IK-0,PLZ,1-0!FML ='%.@AJ*TFF7U;1C&EP`H#*8Z.<\#W&M75-9Z?#0@,1CHT7S"%V6,6E5MX*^S4S!J)
MMHNTXS3$@D12@B!*MW$4*A@%-4> 8/>GY-S:$7!H#!
M12>&@JTH3993G-P& 1*H94BFN!+X.WM(EDL'
MD;P@#+?
M1ZR&U8(J((4$$,^ODRC&"TB$/RPQPA4EX$=I4RUT?`$DH/9A@D+,2/PZ\9WL
M+I[?$KA*[^?9E-D?1Z%>U"+;5"0)6'^ 0C^Z.WTZ):V'C=2\#K\CZ,031Q7LD&:'^PRLVI18K9MXS=P4D>
M6S9Q\#M!+F: (#X5_+9]I;
M!DR79$##./UHXY%\G1J-YB"08W+D-Z\81E%99-CD3QZ2IPC\EI#+UI[EK/ K*T DJ(HN65#847!V[4X#?^0GNS`WG&53*2>6(H"678O*JI#`"
M#G(7^.T^PJ+Y8?I^OPZC'B:HB"R:DMI(@U91,L62(O@)QG2JR`;/U^%D>-_06&R(FL$/_'P
M"*57RY80&X_NE>.3_"X/"P#2T,9-]HMM_^H&B2)%-!M RZ&O:8;^!7PVDDT!&*9BJ\,(`3])F
M3WT7/ )%EA4]X0B)VOF)PELERBLMNE]DW( JBD%*X4ZBD-\M8[D$0P`%&4+Q^CX0MD):/FU^DN=_`"
MUT1N\@2.\*_XLPNWM[4P9J]?D''DE<1@B;*RBFR*3*'@EX$:$L#,2?RX"Q:P!BJG"OT^A&MR
M7U1^S WQ3,5/>L#^VV8$\B;^]RN,%$T%=>]R`>S_">F*%,HR8,N%>A&23:?:XF
M*'0!\%+A29;":#Q;?P.&,SR-(,8`;Z)P,2])E^Z9P8I!;MO6#."Y-5!B[QU[
MO0;91^J55D#U%KQ>$BTWX(W$5AC:LQ,@KYI/M@1:\B@DKE8!!JH);2"2E@PW
MD-]:S*S%S%K,K,5,1PJLQ4R.Q6R!P@"ZM[Y/Y/^*_\85\=>";3WC5]#7%%2G
MJ7Y3PD334+Z"N,'$1WAY0?*KL,1F%#;`#,!2LW/#;*F__P*^=_6*UW\Q@D\)
M;H%VP6]=#8W1%E)8.X/N9FQ\0>PK?"N%-":!I1;CLG$-Q08J8A'^J$AWQ U<2\R\D-IMQ\5"^*GF:C
M>KFMN:A&5+*:B4&*W&T0.\$<8F$R#*]>OSK_"E&:*H!C/&K2@A&FI$:0&&=8
MXFBWU>W>60*NW:-I*WT;IUH,AQK:Z$&_(38A^C%@V#[&Z)MA:Q4`0&V_6"-N7$9:3
M_UVU$59`%"V-L,WD5GC,MI(27ODA6T;_6I(H(*S"Z'/5$>8Z,],K$W4)H54S
M)2J/EDRV$%X"T]+R04OC6KI$FN5`;BJ^=5%:%Z5U4?;NJ^K=E&==E-9%:5V4
MUD5I790&L62.BY)Y1\/5ZR/NF[-Z$JEIQ*I)"`+CG)9,K8A.W$^E2,V^5T4-
MAJT0U450M'NG=DJE#BN=[M@T #!GAZ]X%+N^':0IG[,'!E
MTU]H\VV.@")H-L]63VK^M4)W+1)4FFKE:5*EM732BHF[N&,CO[R%^S^PE
M('(2NJ:V$48&82B,VZWDTE/T$CFMRZ[6MXFAX>"EG./E0*+=$K`C%G6P+G1(
MI)'FA?7Q:.KGD&M@$*FIP\GOVE%,.W3/A4._^6I#BVQHD0TMLJ%%-K3HCQ):
M9&_`T"6 6R`O76KBG:?$!(<0>X63P5D'74IE3$`[XI2
MVLW&-+W?!(4SR')!%$L8`'A)(>VR%CX`'[ `;Y
ME;+,]9-090-($H5!N\R&](`\/FW\.@:P5:.T6#)$A21M#!>YB*SO]FXY`\B@
M*$ ,[+'
MC.PQ(WW.R?1RS,C>OFJ/)7%&1QC%>`D4NA#WX/T,XT5U:40;(?65-+9-BJJM
MW8=HZ+K),O&)Q".P0H`(CX7#?_L@13?PALL0Q?#W]'=FU#YCD$EK7F/NY4.I
MW4NE*/=X5C.;!2N9P&B-VMH=R[)I]\5!T.Y,UDT2)P@4QUSN-YX"@@P6;SR[
M@9'K^/\#'):1I&$C!M#9%!9[IVU/_KX/S"_:MLPV+']=N%1.EG]0GBAJ_8GR
MY+;^QQI1;:K#?5(=:NQ4L*D.FU!M4QW:5(?:3%V;ZM#T5(@OL:&L)
MODD0!I+LG0+O!KZ0O_@.=DX%$QGBZ:^=Y2:=XXO0]VZ7*Q0^I^]C/EN\&B;2
MQ45`.V/-0SB+OSGIV%K_6;W9CI\\1[B^B5PV0$>[J#L#X_J9+*5!Q$V7R%DE
M`RR#=6IKMSJRSC;K;-MC-M\#%O/(_6HX]'0).S-F+5_,+K- A;7);M&2`5RV`DB[K7/1%%# Z@:X2QF^8Z5ZY-EE%]"]AD&399AOB0
ML,DR;+(,PY-E9)]0_JF" >@1EF))R/I8)-.,;N/"U"8M1G[
M%*AYI34'FJNHQ`.-=3!3)YT`X+QZQD#/55Z[LX %P/8.'NA./M6
MEP'8=#.E-6_;=#,]YOBW)V"-.0';XZ4$-A-&AYDP=FXSL,X]+)% ;ZXH]MSH;*`VGNOL8]JG4`-A;/N@3KEJ#I+1C;245Z(E.8[0+DU3#"Y<=5
MV3A[/D,;KF>'7Z=O]YW`D!2@4UOGG'3"='"\R>3,2+ =)^C#^/4Q3"WX!;-;G:B+$,6/
M`"T):C7I8NEEC3"X,=3L/0(WE0MO8Y<>EBM[0U.M,/RR?9O+N(-H *.3>*[/QD-[.N Y
M#T8A]Z$#4PL;N8] #TYJ$&N69E4M
M&@^NP"Q$(,T-DNP8[41J:&RV$U*X\[7KNJMQ4!2#YDRB%]0<8)9Z2E:VZ^YR
M,^PP\.[#P*4:H(6J:(YUO RU\[I]WXI]UE($E5DTMXT9HA>PR2&IK=U>3@0GW:/?N#9-X$2+X^\YE8(*5-+;+
MBJJMW2*F+/#$06.4:NJE]YI-`$IU$.*+6=DXWM@P=.[GL#=Z4GEJ#XUV"Z(1
M?(8>"+Q*W"YCBK%*:\Q5K:*='R7>N03S,7P`<>R#/#/J1C+*S!&OJS$%#4'H
M_(0R[4[,!IPTJJXY+ EUTXS8TIZVFXJ7=+T(?]T9C2:"2YH2(J-W]"?0I\,`R[6""('-T4`@0K*@Y":+J=W^8
MO3H_;Z2]P$1;TIRJU@!U?Y2^7K1K)UKKS.)56.S^"37Q&<6CO7-D.-`=-)):%1S+F7`QB"W
M:J2PI_VQ1))/^Y]W SY9GN^F3N7[?EF>[Y9 M;[;GF^WY9FW9Z/9\,^,`%NEMG'8PG".0OBQIJS9^6:U7:S5JLH>YJB2_--G8
M^6 8^U&Q,#=R8*$PGG/=9M3C1(
M)MP8Q4X2"O]A(Z@+QD_!\&E>#8T/OP@IW+G-8'N4JB#'S@$J@4.U`M4U)J,Y
M%)W;(L3$: 8M:4SL7@!U;H3:
MC6"@IA&AS#K1FAI3TPB`SJU9-N'`?@D'))K%F"O+0N1!'A.TCCQHOO^I;4MS
MNO8`J7N37`OAY'#W!EF3:_R3==L\'DE7Y(/Y)0Q3H>_#`"Q7?OB*5ZT`/4,7
M1(_X:QN1B(XP^`=6.H;Q*WFSN/CK&\-U;BS6*D1>!QJ/B"[@[#[2^\:!*%TV
MC6 >UF-%WF%7#Q'O`1H&4CO@K5C*6KJ+IV;P2>R#^%OA.G]TE.L?8M>*LT
M8#B#53BT2T9/$WX*HU]O$`!KPVA#)JG5#>61#H7880YKB%)MB%)E:M+2F&3-
M18*B#K\YR'O$O7!,1N4R1IB-*FKU'L6\D8<92UXMT; @O'8`R'-;95/3H?GGF'[#B62@'-@5,76I]W
MR(ZMKQ30'#AU$?5YA^R0^DH!S8%3%TB?=\B.I*\4T!PX=?'S>8?L`/I*` LB2-Y`MP9C@>]Y,`.$F`N#"$R!
M&\X#$N^8'TU\#'?W^;1]0+N&-+;)[0-/]QNSJF"C_/3V^!F@*2"JPV#^$XCB
M3?3#>-:.R)8MF\9L6P!5K=5I7)D"=AU:,E->94%U/L_7RBZG.8X,Y20NWN5\
MV-:NBGQJ,;YJU5(:@\]43.+R7Y)E>1FB&/Z>!K6-9R0^FUCOPR2()P@L8`>7UB^; MT6F3BOY*=TX9M_C'Y*3ZGC3]+&
M8Q^2G\9)',5.X.&OUW`^1V".\ 3,P68-1$Z`C&>/"\!;B`C7U9CDAB!T'J5*"49A^%TIC#2HK#DE36`0
M"U>UIR*P1#V%YS#>H*0G&+^J#]01DT>K4Q9[""^#Z8\/V4B[#68A6J8]%B3*
MGDW!BJS$@GFA$/XT9@_ED2Q-%,7\2I/;'K01%?4JB?!;.(IR`(7N0*/6,>(@
M3HW:Q@6WK(
MQ#]O7TS0>2)I!V!7(#?NOD 0HO1F$(`<
M4BU=-4B ,O2(RXH4^>^_.7SQZAN$\V61DOSN]]^0JCAX
M^_;'=P>'W_S;__RG?_S=_S@X0%=ED6Z6.$6WS^ASL:GO2Y+>8?09EX]DB2NT
MJ6A3='KRX>BZVI`:HZI8U5^2$B_04?J8Y*SI&PWM2X1.=Y7CPF-95=+>@_
MEB\6]&_KYY+ O7KT]^/[5X0_H_UQ=_>?QI\/7AY_^UYOC'SZ=
MO'G[Z_>__-\7Z,N7+R]P>I>47-J+9?&`#@Z8LAG)__PS^Y_;I,*(#C.O?O^;
M^[I>__SR)6OT=%MF+XKR[B65\?IE\^!O_ND?_^$?^,,_/U6DU^#+Z^;QPY?_
M^?'B\_(>/R0')*]J-BK1L"(_5_SW%\62C\M!)-(^P?YUT#QVP'YU O#
M%T]5VE%T1;)63+*LR2->4GLS4[QDIGOU[O6KSM.L/T]#C)I(4QR^>_?N)?]K
M]VG:75JWCW=[__&E^./@:6)0IS4O=>D__*XL,GR-5XC+_+E^7N/?_Z8B#^L,
M_T;^[K[$*W5W65F^9.U?YO@NJ7'*[/F.V?/P)V;/?Y:_ODAN8;Q)[\Y?I<
MJ]F[7E^BT BV6WSV\R
M-FD6Y3==2WS3G4=6277+^]Q4!W=)LN;SVTN C_OWWTSIX65WD*R;
MWC!+7!6; ?V[E]OQ#"UP5"Y14::XE*N,KD&2 CEK_G`=X)7
MF"J64H6.J@K7U1^2;,-?D:,L*[ZPI9L&@"XMP2#T4`\"Q$8,1Z`0M$"M*-3*
MB@V+'N89XM';??-A\BPA)=,&4\4V#VN^O3Q]PN625/BJ)%I$VMN!\>BL&@2-
M3`A''T8=,0O4"$)<4FQ8=#;-$(F>;G/!84(WT`?-WIECB^ZQ_W3)^W[]$3_<
MXG+@Y/'?)V-%*PJ""=$A>AV+U[6#;+QK,>AT+WXJ:GSX@]:)O3^#?*@2!'%A
MM[^8W*@:9]>+>HO"G%A=)1CL8+,24'=7:"VZ1TNY
MU%T+`;'YWVR&(1I $DCQ%K:@%8J)B`=T$RPS7#-Z>FSY5?<8EP=7)
M<9$_4HGLO."JE&OGSW6Q_+-BPK(V`4U;K@I!T"1DH!.TW$I!ZT8,JIB<6.#D
M8Y/N3.;GI>D`LL(E)#C"0^'PAQ>H[15]CLWS=C]#O1KJH.6V/B'5,BNJ38EO
M\%/]/AO#P?9T@`,5HQH0H+Q[@<2:1ZX.8D&)X]#'!R0.+I@^*UR0Y)9DI'Z^
M*55P^*E;TJ\4T$)\IM"I*E%$E*.!:+="*JA$+0(/8LCOC!$N[$,MW-]6`BW 8CFA"ZX!DA V''*7Q.A3;,*
M8=?S="'[0#8/&@#:VX$AZ*P:!(1=(1R$5(Q`(I5CQ-Y^AJ.()`LZJGV\4 W8`6BA/4S;D2R3/!84#C=9-U%,,3!\\WV?&G^/JEP^J$HTNHH3S\5.7Y89\4SQDU0]DV9
MY!6+#"[R_TW7235=V;,1+3 3EV9\OA7+XKY,SX 93N!>D_!`>Y4BCH,+[I,3H,
M*H NS64H2`5D>W55W2252#0$LC,/K 9S=%2[YMUT#-Y>6
M\.AR=_5`$>;===TZ*=$CDQ`;[CR,,0HK]W46('R2X?R,Y*3&%^01I^=Y34W-
M[LU%`/$G/)S`7%O!0BW=U0*%B!['0T3QYP5.?PGB;HA6?ZNL9W]JKP\L5=
M\?@RQ41,7/2'X7Q%?_6G4[YON-K<9F1YEA7)$$?J9R:CQB@2E(;%.T6B5\2[
MC04FQC$WH'"P\XQ+);%8R^\N,-V#5F>;>E/BCQ2M#YN'J^29;2BJDPT^SV^^
M%'_$2:E;O_OW`U]0354=%B$NA2(A=8&$7"0%HT;R`E'9=#&&J'3$Q<%>67I!R=94_I(7Q:EEW=X.E9';RS?6U/:&R`
MGF`O:[Z6JW_W<9;-"$+H+DBDDY4E]24_`*K>/V^?D>_?$5/YLLGZ61.Y03_/
M!5W`KYAQB>#TZ)&.]@Z[I('-KD;` OK)D7+8/!$BY'`H+D'-Y^"HF
M7ZJ'. G[P:*:5PN-P\;
M#J,3O"[Q4K#PT)\SS- =H-U]%F]VE6_,&ZAT=(!AXH*`9LJPOJ*K-`K3H\
M2[2KT`(-\D@7_432H.&71EGOJ)O;G%--_+M
M,V$NX( ]QNLE$7LJZR-G>^7+5 ),ML1/2(_RB@:(OC88?FO]O+/ORU-QEDOG;KH8H$J21\SV
M2=55D9&E+A-Y2D\[NL)T4A^6&D&=J+B%C`VM`/.XW>YYN'=&6@ *6WJ'A'KDJ\3HAJ>:8Q:T-:!7H
MK%*H#,-M:N%:"$(XLN,9+[-T5W2>KIHQ!R*I[D7X`IT52Q8">(+%?S53D*$!
M/./!J@SH:@K7*)7]L1":)946\K`^C/9U6Z`DP!#VDJEA-$;:RA1D6B5
M%5\DDDDC#B6MO.CR1*>;:OAU@#IZ/FQ+IBSZ)6,%'Q_Q>4[UV?!H4KK:JY,G
M#93M[3@NR,U01
M]-"M!..0$A3-K,1I):@LS?M%KYY"[2*GJ!]J;ZEE=V+;3 G45,/[B=LX?%@O+PIH.2A=F`$1,QU!4NZ 7PGLY2Q@/>G1JH`/$
MG*=4^=T-+A^Z^6O:@RG%HP'.HO0*0%//VKQ#3D#%%YYQ5A5T,D:J99*):]XS
M^KLA6,S/@HC,K"K`2.]$YTCT+HDY$.\_%LPX&:'+ CF"\X>,=L@U/?1(!9FPHD<9TK'S[CM%.(Y/2G=
M"5]02=DHM4FW'75J"]^F^J@(VK[*51N7Q+..N*RO(_W-RTJCG:V_)_<=@=^A
M3;*P)EUNZJJFWJ2OXJ>-@MEB=W)V3T`V=>B[9AAS)1CK*$B_#%S%!7J/[TB>
MLP_*^R1C9_DA#PGV:M(U7]30UZRL=0 A'+7I/KS68GQ>5YC^EK4UW1JUTQ\SLW!\YFOHI!IBLE"7!CJ2%L@
M)@\Q@:B1B)C(V-X"7U,-P3W-J8"<8W9Q*+.=[J@,L;[EY.R*N`K3T[`L8KL:
MX+PV.P*J.D([T23B/)9
M-\5G7-<9/EHN2_I/4U5#][8@]'NK"+M8YM$5`DN\TG?*:GY77"!*A,0XJQAZ
MVZD+M8F^A)'R'1X:6?G:/X-I^8:"H) A#,M:H5#L-3IM3F*BP4[]H&/F/@L9I\^R;"B0=6]C/7[
M=YRE[Y\I&.N2W&YH#ZJ%B:T%:))Q5`>TRY,BT!V3@>ZI$'8ZDG;$Q`(4#XMT
M)QDO#\U*' U-Y"$,-"A@&![ML72,J*
MEA$2:!T%!2G VNF,=W"T\B"70P"#H
M_^%%[-1JH:TUBH\)BH-YV3O.LN++)VHZ^N,V)S9/18I-+S]VJ[@EMQK>WV^3;C.4]3*1T?QIE^'LI^*JB,H>0F,3-\O+:[S$Y-$08N[4-$36E[."L*P;=E_-F)D2
MV3^%8R,@-O3Y&$61T^7IMA#IXO*R?YR?KCA-<6D5*%W MWH;<=3==-J)/^J*5=]RV-L"[;4>5@,G24D@'?"=#\(4*]0@Z)!%;>)IK5Z[P
ML ]HG_[UO!Y.55D31YHLP:V45%-FM9EKF3,51W!
MP3N%G=$%&Q3HW('%3_!2/MMTE#8-A8=3-,DII,D`9'DL&K+FF*`:SKZ]$[/`
MJ(%ENC31@>U%>T.6H:T
MJ&!948&3HN);S2A&.4J)FOH%#'EXQ3E*&(P820G[+BMSC-W:!#K(LJ@4X#BK
ME8`:$:$RCH./Q)AWK!U.+&^"ESG4!W1.8)N1&V)3YH113_%HR2?V4Z6ET;`F5J`T>:@#BAYFG:/OF4"OF.;4Y$K0AK@<6&18L[!,$/`.3MJ^E[A
M&K.4R67#\E_UBL,H=@_FYT'["2=5(-C9"FBC+OJU4&*!C+,UNCL1#\^$B7]C
M(7;CDY";P@P@WQZ"Q<9YJ!LN4HY'8BI/UNHB6NA-M)HNV,S;RS/>U2_O_2892+$"[;8
M>*M$`"TWN@(-@8"]$**P&B[559&1Y;.5D\#2*B15BDFM4+PI7$9LP'2T@8%"
MQ>X;(*DA1;2\R*T$W]=943:SNYI?QZLIG.[00T'0%,CC>-E$]T5*:UC?6"Y&
M^\''<='S3+'2B%C0VX_ADH1.1BD?3=4^YY*[UBZ"I@BY*APX0VB4R-`K^/A5
M%-=UM9PI0\C/UWM)?C">/H^?"YGF$.ZL^3C"/8UUP(;LAT2]RRA+%
MV_N0BJ58MM47$U9PX![79)ED&F802$_0[31$?>"VNA6]O2?C)SA;Z:@G/A;X
M!;#<8&L-]_R<9%$R:,88I&5[.@"UDU$-"#3;KMF!=*1!4HYF&%,Q.;ACQN,:
MG-$^[S[@G$(]8V=*Z0-C`:Q+7D[-3.KIV!A^&..E)&CC(20MT)V0)0X:>]+0
MMZ3AST+_\GKQX]L?%Z_?O.,/TG_^\,-/B[??OUD@.JPU9DQ!.'M>L#F5@U=&
MSR\[T=S1Y0KY67MT7C,!$_/!O?_2\:(%&FRKG@0#V2`>1H;4FR$7Z%]>O*+_
M=XC628D>F92?T>&K!?T5^__FIB;9U/=%2?Z*T]^^XO#]X6WO[]L-S_%OT0\_
M\C^QQ]Z]?KOX_O"M?*RS+?HM>D,[>".>^NEP\>;[U^.^3G_+_TQ?FI\.V0\*
M<6?]MR>V]\/@Q.'+8`71?,A_3[*,I9'D?.FR9;'1W6CKGP>_!5950*O:#7T'
M'G#)R#IX_Q4OE1L;B*PV&$+)T1\SGG3S,WA9SLU"N*A^%GZJ;5(!!B)1GB_A
M`J)C/S2.>W1^;;X. .[B+;4^U8@#7)3KWTLVF^G)$@DV5,'CT1W>=N^W 50%"C`AG46"TRT(QR1.*JM.7V>40;I-KMGGFX6>I3S%0E]M4/LL[/+=I@*,C(-V?L#7)WS:"%EA,(3>YOJ"?>5C
M0JIU\+W+?S?@S$FZ0Q5BZS=FUALJS;!Z4C\;@-#&H$)`Q"\0ZSP6Z#B-?LP4
M8O7`]`FPB;)[OBEX3(KMAMVM#6A"=%8)`I-6"%LJ\0"D:)=)SO;HSCF>/@)$
M&N4I7F/Z/WG-#D%ENL]54FN2[ YO"M18R8D*-DS%Z
M,4#NCIGQ2U6LZB\)SUEL?CS!CS@KUNP>GP=M&@.!W-O#OVB^JH*^ V
M_^C(BS-.U]M&HV_A-'_.F2C-4VP[N8_R6E2 &YFEF&^=E3W?VC%=">4U2DFW8
MO>UGO-R4/#'C](F%2^#TC-J%T=AM:OG9.$U*=D9<7>&2'[[0X8W+$X?M&W[E
M%'*(H'2+CB)HJPEJ5$$,AJBC#'M/&G40U4?0.2Z04"FVUR:HG4=78N&Q-&NI
M2$71/KV(8H^NJL(BQ-4EG5@\7Q7E0Y2,0Q[6&$?W>7H+$-@O`WF:
MD!?5.)A[[,^]%R=/ ZT;$Z`FV*IW4SO5I_-][C[AFC.9
ME@53-7W__$O%E%*4B-5\]3PZ`'_\_)4%W1KC&BTY*ZZ4QYCC5VU-X:05%I)2
M#=^_LIE\U=#2V!JQ,ZVM7[ZJ`\*.25
M87F5%5\J<7)0-.(Z4(XN$':ZJ1PQ[>SH$%GXG>NWLZ(4KQ,^PT[I][:V@?+N
M'54,E7#?O6WE2?9B@L5HA:-/M' VO $66I(X.
M879#C(Y9'=TR9T6$1YS3OI_I0EF#I=XC`>H=C`7"PK)D?[&A0S70,=V_SK0S
M?I.;F>X")Q6NKJE" MM$,JG^!*+G6PR
M^IJY^VG&BVZ\+O&2B)*'>=H-?M%=;QM:P"^U[>K`$K:VW2\0_5>&>=0&.^SO
MRJ*@*_)U6:2;98QWBPY6&EULNWKMZRDX+*MKLOS\/10<=I6^]X+#GF:"97R$
MJW';4=M:XS:FZL([,/?,U85#67X_Z3RS>B]T*>%)D\I7.6-_VIAR!8++B6D6
M[@\]ROE6J!CIM.IOOWU.H'93?N7S9-\=.YP15:_RS*=^@BS\9%/27=R5`!6_
M*N)_[&N,4]-IH%]'84X))RD?V?2$*T1R)+2/[IV:;&3ER20`(@"J*$3A]]"@C-%$XI1EOFLF
M-6LS>&: H2E )K*H:Q5#0LNZ@K*B:,N!M&&1/NZ"X`V9/H6A*#L5JT1I9]IR8PZB='
MA4#+X08URZV46'GW?6S2(UCR\A(@;^F^+'*R/,^R'%?51_HS;4@7RMJOC*4!
M+*/)21E0W+"0@*0(M)41$V#/+PRCZJ:PI&@(\D)P^;!W9ARP+X^`:U
M.BO*P86N9ZU-2-\!*V\&&")H4NS4X914%%(7))1I3@0J'IH\C!6(!?X[L:N^
M2F .DN(F<2V6^8R%B`.\E.O2_^-%\":WC*\Z].'4<5S#1/PBMTZL6#,MM_>H%D
M'3I1FU.*X>$IOT;(9FZQQ:CLILT70:ILRG2.=C.C`(;IZ5"U,W5JA,K:V:;K
MI(V(F*#A8`E-V4NS1^:L8E0L,4XKQE3S.6$3W,=D>4]R7#Y3`+.`8 Q2L3'#C PLQS=]J.O)"J)'-D3C>F2Q>L)B+W'C_`;N$_X"_^+
MEOG=J>VNHD34*NX,V8SO(Q;83K*,8S2'R7MSPE)68KZ@*YMS^J,>@Z,'`P!.
M)QR6M"A[#9W2"U/77&"CZ3H^Y.O&/(:Y&2!S\B2RU B.IJ@-Y2C+J#24U'5);C `R)ML"$=].4M'+:V33=.^:=$+TOO'Y(2,[D7^;B7.ZJ9`0A]?,5M7-M
M.YAU;`Q&N)^2$.@S*>Q^,275NJB23-Q`"FG\="#:$UH_&PVQ.,63>V!RD#G^
M-A)$_?/A&!QTJH1A;Y#D0_$1&%K'KV5J,/MB3F(8-N>V.RP+E'1/!Z"+,:H!
MBG`K\JK(2,J/,5L)O&CNEH MAC,+&I6`(*KI.;:(&[>1CQ@$'>SO"YT*+U_L_%ABY6T)/5&7VR_2KX2T?JEQA
MGB#!%N"6'G%'7\8V,[=^^6=X`B ]MO@>=EOH\W+
M?FO-RU9:%IH5>ZA/M!\\$"`O=B@L0&+LX6%,OE0/ !]4K&;'3IWJK=['HUA*=[>2L(.PSLQD2*0%Q$ND+%?K:5(?L\GA,:"KFFF
MZF6$3W3HC'E!0KQQKNT_`\_Q48D$9?+$!1OC.$=Y.7K;3I^$NNNS[KI-$EG@
MM!>THYB(/#L`34;3E(7@14H\$$OW7B)SPV:"TV%L5RSHFFZR[L0$#>:S(J
MJD9.J\EHZFC&&JJ[K,FH*B\:74C#=%--KS.Z[_OJ]N+\ ,C0)
ME[Y@4&A',1$ ]*)+\LB1W=/)C@L\P=LZR]N@L:**U_R`"
MYUJ?*'.M,ZH$!5FK!2LF&WE6ZE1[FE*NIZ(B?-;UT7)9THUT$]%H1+2YY4XR
MJC7J[2S+-!'RVJ#5."'I9".7M&BC#^=;PEWC.B$YU2,IV?5Y1=7:/&SXQNI$
MU)74+.0V-`YP32C/>]45\[(PT]R4N,+\LCY*ZBO
M&)?N457ANM)7`K4T@G/P.RD5X&!Z@?+XBGZZC7Y$L^_ADUT%,37!2$W8%+46I`8FDN.B`Z6 HZ1OQSB/]]IHM,8ZWM_L#
M$G!/U _2"AAB[ZP6,*AJ*P8Q.0O44H5L1<4"
M($_+]$/I/3VVCPIK\D#B@B2W)..3IV<9-6L'`6NEN2H+^IIVZDA)>4T.472S
MFK]E]"7-_/PX9\@"G8LWF+XSQ5W.*0&NBHPLGVT(M;M=+,4*7)%B8K;BC:KEIBZ-SY`Z2RAO%>4OU=#[?FWA`/-1$82Y5A!;NF54U$'&
M9*&$"XL.;CYV&2'0WW #Q0=J5>D5`IE84D!V:S
M5B5EQ`(A5UNH4R=M7MEE!KH3;*R-=YQAOBM(&3/*X\:8JZG\DL6GXR]4L).R
M=*W(6)]8M7C8>%=EBS5*[BRCG-4MCH[A8)J-'"L8&ST9GL%@$CF'8Q](?CX)X#%7L,,CQP]IX4C(IHKQL#6DM=-C(@&J8OS46YW?,\
MW2P911]COJVH^,L5NWZB,D4A7C-3LG\?H,7Y9)4AH&U*,A,A5G(D,[ELO9Y2
MR?P>O4JRT0(^Q/)D=^-^)\:=XSMV\ZA;O>QH^'/O3B:;L+L]`W\.UY-O>V_0ID,2C=>\>YG
M4&XO)'1L^_BB.MMG^+WT!.2YIM,3Q\8!@EM]E(2%N?:OP]=)B1Z9D-APY6>2<6RKO^-V19EYFM>D
M+=5YC==%R2@>F#J;X>1D?1Q$G>FB"`1;HG_4L&BV$I`0$0O"7$W19=%T=\J<
MNVP!\9OD242CT1^:W\F%(UM5EG1K1E>5/"DZR72?PXF=!=B/0P8!.@UN)D(J
M$0G9"_YS^P 1XYPO'`[A&O;[\\."!$#7J`Q8A[O<8
M"U#T8U74J)] [GZ):>8J7E9'L/1OJ4!R.%NRD``P"0@+H(=
M2C="D"S&&M5%JKM!NBCQ<0^46_JMA5OZ;3ANZ;?!N:7?QN1GY2#'W-)*@\((
M? MT767K^L"Z+1U%HT!@G8VH!IQNQ
MJP.ZGFVZ1]W^8T&,AQ%&K".N3ID/62U?+- ^^']F-MQ)B08VC(;H?.V>'S#=%'6^H@1]P>5SDO.2L^ QH\
M'5G4`-U0R*Y1VW M=M\>M<4&*KLEM(GK%K_,SG3O0FL?F,,^.&%];/!0CE/#0[]?TOF66 \&HW,V*"^&QOJZ9W#(V?Z
M#G*K59=!RU+SRJ$1:#_IKE0HH$JZ-*2@2XL%K7Z&Z6XS?=TU=]H8R]5QXA'7
M/AXHP4NO"&R7P/IF-_,Q[@K,XU;G7]D\L`%8\?P:2LL
M%D3Y&F=0[L73;7-.636FXNNKA*3Z3++A4P$F)J58$*08R\^:]L>)5H@4$`M^
M+`,?3T(&@\\9]+\6>X*JCUP-3+2/!T@*,"L"B^$F^9*LDPPU,KSJT D
M0N"(]I/W8+;*.`_"!6J`+S2=37[AMZ5T&;`N*LP(Q46]U6ZI5=5'VK$E[#OM
MIQYX7MW(^_%42&,?[;64QZ-X<2,Q%EQ-,%+ODSW%B3-F$K;ILR))O=%-,R]K
M'X?G&%H4"4'5(#!')S,MZ-#?#O\>-!$QP*CH][O"N@G:?6BQO$^NIAEE+CI!
M;V:N-W[:>5P\L+A[?K"I.UY7/QR&_TVK!.@4D1W;'MSR-/IP;NZ_,V_N/W6+0-Q_1G5@,1::)*QLY/S_#A9DSK)-+C2/0W&E$4-")ZV7?/CK@.2HZ7H
M?=%,@P>A*H1##N&WWX/%^A?
M7KRB_W>X)3'X&=$N%J_$_TN^6Y1LZONB)'_%Z6]_^''Q]O#'Q>L?#SGBOC]<
MO'E#__GJ=?-LL:FKFOZ)Y'
M-L=>,I5>`T;=T_!T/$F-@ZC^8&WGJA-YV`7#7>RV>X,^K1IW>$U'V?
M&AXQ:H9RL)"
MX^30&>.1V"MC/"CN/@&/.AJ+@T"+=Q?ZKGJBCL;K:=YG++@V#'04%*1S/HQM
MYYV1;>==*+:==V'9=M[%R;;SSLRVH[0F)-#ZX8%4E9R^SC!6,P@8'P4&5)L5
M@)[>RK[Y%VF%X[K`M(V]'R/M8OWI0)#?M9M[W#G"59;\LST-@H.#&A!$M.L6
MML'OTN,APF7$A`X'4W0!XNR2*"K8WQ3OL8P<3"]7FK6*>_M=5K)7JPJ*N.A5
MLV?B#K@\20O+XDAO,6IDTF=B@>5D:WG4N#=Y=@^T*+RR@`Z?_8?"T9_TA`:A
M/%D@WF=T0%*.6$MMHK#SG!7%DUH<1VPJPJHE2'Z-ZNB)Z`N)F]H$J!_NH!($
M/TV_J.DX-@`Y66!8#B$7Z*PE*/A*P%
MXM+X*KZ51W_)) =576[$JY.G_X[3.Y+?';$0%E(3
M7+EG>8.Z#%BD;_J`0%GBKU^@DTYANXOX"]M--Y2^YAW4]=,WOU?T>Y#7%V3)
MHN:/[DJ,-;EKF@=!6UZST=M][$@RVZ`[A[7Q?RPH\PV^HBG
MI- X)LLDTW`W3N@`2KXR05D@#4LK$4F1
M2,A$/:$Q(7&:F0:$+).=&L&.6 ]
M>R1X@<8F_8%'B;#!/+'
M@R3!I@3EE#5=H[9O$005VXNW=RN'CNX+A%AP<4!]2:G!`R&*`P8L+-7O,1:X
MZL>J*`ZXYPI3'TE.'C8/QK"Z_C/@N5(I$H("V6$L[C>. DWR#Z0H9R[P7"S>,
MO66PRCL.ZL&X8N[$F4=7$-I*B@6#$\RB*]_C[#9`60E!4R-O0`@'O^4#:FT"
M*RGAJ%`0VJ'E5DK,'TM7F_1J27AY"99&(&\LG%+CS,^#$PJLJH3BA)'\:"*]
MX$N$"6].UACF&3AZ9DY.(3I(5BZ1E[4CU9^;(HJ:+Y[^^0`L0Q95@-=-V\X1
MZWV!FOYC096S(.U8RF=!4R+\5[`(%35+).BDHLF`QA)D-NRD1'
MS[@I)' 'I'SF
M)V!;N6@Kɴ\.PGYE&N\4)SH2 G$+[?ARSY/
MZ`!X#CM%6=AY;%\B0V/:"?#.&J$LKA)SL;&@ST]T[:SFZ$B<5/L'B
MO^?Y":;3/:DOZWM MQIP:1JB/)VS@J#EYCUGWB`Y12GO7VQH"R:%E8*-
M\8OO81I%!3M/Y\V97+,N\9+PMX;^G&$>+9&G1P]%69._FJHQ.#4-D"SCKB`$
MDUTY'(U)1T!(@IA@`W)C$IL\KOTD_+C;9IS8XPO',/4BQ9GG^@4QM4[]HR
M6-5(!_6`1TB=PI'RC/MX>*[M%$&_KQ&ZO4J>&>L*)OO)&'%I.C.\E52*E3>*G%\QHC!*09SR5:QNW:^M=2OF-S=L^!1
MJDURAS]MV%$D?6^84IWXT?=)19;TPW1"LDT]HCL"=@9>;\$&`8H BIFZ*D]@29KH/JP704333':%$^@>%[V5A+#!41=]";X6&`=P([=Z3P(#O92
M9$9\8H[:HBO:*V%]BY"E9W3J!(LX&%69B061'L8P5(TQ.V?6 DT
MKTG]?,RC&[+S/,5/_X&'MQ[ZYR8#Q2H:`A+1,9(](]XUHGW'@A'KX!M\.!I^
M5]@X*9: T"1+M&K.^8L&$!)!19*]S9BGJ7@0_!G1
M"P>]SOS,2'8;"QKL0Q[.YS:#0PAEGZFZF `9+)ZP1"/RWYC\[EMR'WR
M6)NQ9XT\+1YPRT-_48@P64,E`5.+$'&F-G5`P1*\>]3VCQH!L>ERM!D:S:TD[J)D`6]S3%`V1V'_=OS$2%)Q;D
MO)9"^76O$!LJ#FYG0W8L4QMVY/M)<9]FO7':.P3J\WT*SDA.:LQ3R\[SFCJ3
M9>F+.ZR/R7\5Y3%+I/B4/."3XB$ANC,*WU[`GXR):D->:R%2ELK:"I4IB0O$
MY2(N')L2`;:++A%P?DZEG9>9<8I]49MD+&09HS2U%(P8CQ(6S>;L1OT"M`OPB?ZM"I$FZ0%,J
MZ(+AD)CQ/'IYC]--QJG*.+'/-5ZS1(C\[CQ?%>4#7S:^?Y9_M.;N3NP-?BX-
M&P9H62=%BWA_WC]JI:..^`6Z?6Z>B.TE`-IO="0=`@=[>0G4M,"BVL_S#2-@
M\W@'?#H+^0I,&$2P-T![)]/(CQCZ$^QF0/YD[^\#^"Q!PA/>BB8!0:Q7*!14
MF81XP:@?OQYR-H_L`UB_U#RIOBV6ZHXO? *B8[TBGI'@]717D7M$A-W^AOAW\/F80>0ND:EQ76G0Q&^S;81JXM!AT)
M!=--F:1LGRFX(P3U3G6-EY@\ 6QP\[+%
M$'L3_#4?$']AA]FG54WHIF^4C:UY"`PMM5`(AGX1MQ-MG^S:XN8>HZL2KY.R
MI5,Z(WF2+TF2;:\5HSOP4AMG""J32V;,=QI7U]54_7-I`,G9[/!L00!$>R5$(_9N2L
M*(^3ZGY<4-:O;2!J(T<500<&P
M=S(2V/!QF+FU[*V#XL]!S&L$T67--,6I[C@573@,?[CX ZYF?!C.02_6?`+X=2)`3;LL/88*@ VG&?3G/5+U5G/Y3%9GV>+[,-*RK!@KX*5M]S@^DZ!) $3->`GZ]Y>*
MB=+:)`0#C56A(&PSRZV4X85U+'#SL8F"4,712WM)J^RBO3+#O1J0-KU/,G9Y
M]/D>8S;_'Z4I88\EV3:\UEY,>P^:A$P"G=M\P7)+I>)(:+Y`K>ZHJSS::L\?
MZ?&1+9` ,#\_1>F
MP')WUWR>UY8*@ZXM@Q58=E`/E%C0JQ:8]TY)2!YQM4!/&^FJ#CO[
M7.K)\W8UTZ!CX]TDOFB5#);Z(F(@)$!WGOHR;3P3DE^ ">BX(>;.S0`Z/1SJQ>K65LVFK&8)T1W3ORW[&>6N8,VE2`$+AJE
MZ$O5:/5S;._3+DT^.CW=.>@@99]+\I@P*LNJ284;97/JGP.6;#:(AL"VTS'*
MVIYC0:!UZ/T:RE:S[S)9S#/SP:.;':>/[3X;PIA']O5D1O@;T"^W+)YL":6&
MQO@F4POX.;E=G0`W2">H%8`^Q[1[]###Z%38U2US$I./JP)8R\=;&@6@&7=1
M"D1$,ICZHJ\C[V:2,2NXNZ/FPUR'NN$0//%ZK&U<4+:5$?*0
M`:9ZS534'2=,TG\?[X'>!D/LV\`S:V+1@+###'O]\R$2C,RJ`).,HJ9AL0Y>
MD6#DXH@9>>DVF.W#>0[Y55+:H61H`&>ELRH3)&--'FLN&@J!@S65%1UQJ]T8
M([8Z1]?,'6BIFY0"E9`)5Q%&?+,2:W67W6OH\&FUJ[F_0$OM]!>@1(QK0N5I
M7I/Z^8QDN#RF;\1=40YOZG5/@9(K#6)!6=N\6\3[14W'L3C?,NYNOJ75WH#C
MVV+)K^893R"7TBG1HKD*<6X&.]SU4`QTUBOE\(@A"9B.J%C0XFN2WAFPM[-F
M+$3=W%! 0L=ZUAM:2?:,W7T+4UO&2UGYJP/+7F]DO(6B`A
M#4EQJ)&'J,!8X#G13J/BUU/\.7>%Y)ODJ;F#(_P=$D$`Y_F)/.6A#XAO-HN$
M$F]9EA5?V#FW/MX#VG&@>LLA!@?Z9*]66-0+E`'15!ZZ9N4$^VHMT#;THE&-
M/RL3;EKM4*O>`AT]L+U,;.],.,.KZT"'@]6,.^RA:O2'YG 8T?6\+]"D^;B+-7?"8S3]\O;9,_).+8U'J7LWL<>8AT4T@>
M#KK 4WMQOA=E)$1CHV`J;RN2L&R>*L:;<6@
M+U0.V@J21WZQP,7/+OW,73]OS1F&+6H%7E&_U-W2>3=4LK$\@DO+``'9SNK!
MHK*%F`7B@L3->"-J@9BPT*7&`X_,6'7<87BQO&,3S#../?'(^D'XH
MBO0+R3+ZZ@R_4LV?C(PV[NW!4/56%70F(WL,_278R2",WX.FV]C>*F]+#%^L
MB=";[]UB-"U$Y+53'8\Y$=L=SI =4.W[U`':E\
MP=*3&QMRIYEH"%^(8^>LAD6%WQ<9M7`ERBBQ(SUW^+JW#U`ERU-5$&A_%*`M
M\DCSAGV-,2Z>- (YG
M0*0WQ?&&?I0>Z!I#\1%W:P?Z7GNI!L)0(XA];W$C"F5D*@0=)&+#J0C$RQH'6RR4S['`_W0L(:MJ4\&Y9^^CZ(G.N5GFS0#/O^2!N44Y$DWG(N^!?(/G;R#+Q'F'00U &^3Q?%OLE"8]A[)A!QV,XX
M.W?%([9;ILZ8:<5LY(IZ>$1=6]@%]),ZW$>EX9"$C8+_A'["-56&%PUJXX0K
MQ&X!J@[O^460QV0^YZO&)B$XP*T*P:Z.OI834A=+*(B_'7TS]UQK*W/4?RC0
MG!BTM)"8YP)'GT[7TQAB&E?FCGFPZDDTS$K7CX:T T=\,O[:F)T&HLH@'I3$WU*:B;\0Z1[SWF-!C,4`7,DX.F'Y' O^\?4:RI!Y]2 X^?M52;0$I3,K`0^YW(O10)&;3)N#6_ZF]2XRNTJCVV?4
M?5`JCKCFBX8\;8%:[=G-I]!_@9H1(#F$]BG$!Q'+N[Q?%X["2_>5 KF'HOBQ]
MDK(LI'D4[NC>#N1V+]4@>!"++SJGU/>XJ9Y^/"Q/C0B7%Q->O`S4!=($Y\W(
MBY.0_**HJLM D>*\?_Z8_%=1'F=)I=IE3.D!OLGU5Q=V]L_$'7!Y8^I)=OS(92(N-#:0
M3K#5:(\[U;?3/^WB#3G/T\V2'3*R)6'%WQ.YCF2%3'H+PT/%=WY")Z"/_G2E
M09PRAR\0DXPN WVQ:F`/M%C!0T,`-V5PA0M\\8V":K]S'52O*8
ML!)O32(>XX/51K=9V\%#W%Q5"Y5WF;9BHIM"G6TQBG3S\U.(Y%X.:!93)XXB
MSXKRHDCRRY+ 66\1]$..89=C!0R0__
MNCT7J$0,7>0\-/YV,['43/5^B'EY^GP\RSP\Z_S[E A@K@L1$!]\2&L>_'*:IQU9'UK\FZ
MJ'Z+4KPB2V(\[=CG^!S6+V$&N6=6&:.A#-PR#A"-YXUSIS`R-]_Y&Q@R]_QB
M`,_/8WB>?)WP]*!`\O#G;M/$?\59]A]Y\27_C).JR''*`Z.&L8[VYP,DAUM4
M"9`7SB0 7[W%.7VKC2 %&B-H#PAL+ABSO+J8B5-%1*!1/2'`0UV+[4P
M3Z7"N@,$0(ZT2,V:,,M.J[@
M'@8?TZ]G)"WP:VW2P>`!T,6+6A@$9OT>8P&,?JS=ZP639:8_*@<9->-!H/",H$:+MRKDN1+LDZR)G#K/*?/_Z3PK4LK
M2(R8H))QZF&68@>;D,>A-?LS!I%G.JK:FA
M?B[`C;M&-/R6G7>,4A90?"`)N&*"AG'TXPMGH^6GN_\:)W;GJ,R;'J478]:K(IQ)4\-Y4'ZU+,5"1EE1_/\W'`PIDUUF9Z7T"``(0O=*]![=1$B
M5\!;80@J?WK1)E4O9&8V.PYLQ:*MW-A0.L54BJ2`B:1K@SQUR`9L
MGPR9_S<4#XH5DMR,O!*#[#=D2,94M=\)M7-\Q]9D%X&TWW.RXM`"AO1$-7!F
M+"&&:U:GG+Z83)'T_?,O%5L+M_%]1\N:JLANV#4O@49EEQ#7H[JH@">>J
M(PHJD1VK;H\R+"GGCGV$2CKW4SE4VF-[PC7(WN(0Y$?JRZWPF*`XV7*:U/,I
MW@Z9%GFB"N367L_86P9.D32J%SQ1\F0$1Y?ZYOL:H=LZ/>!`]Y\^:326.8G2
M`:XSEFRHJ B`R3;MR<>3=7/V/"E';PV
M*U=M^#T@A9>OJLXV]:;$'TE.'C8/S>'GR0:?YV?4\:QRFA5*[AV%PYJW\K#`
MT`:&0NP""B[_*X?]V(:3 +B4>;WL`L3NEEDD1>R
M(%Z6%5_8^5IL:#29Q9JDLT?NFN.B7!<4_%@9Q:M["HPBC5C888/L,C9H:,8Z
M1(71QE]1R=$/XDIFC_5&/338?[%1?W.!+@A#5AK](&\8__\M,^KOO.`U1J>"
M'9`0*'@],].[K'\.EB!H$@UB6&APNHX)I]8A]](&[>:>[O.V0NE)\9"07.'M
MX1,@/VO$03R\+1&+_G;X]U"7?@!%:UQ66' :?KRT7E0\!*RHJ1,:9)_*NHW)
MJ_KA]@M4FHT\Y\Z3#B>OQ6W+-:G^?$S5(C7[2;L+U;'7T#25*MFMMT5F*5_C<5-^M7)7XDQ:;*GJ\QW4+3Y>\9
M70CE2Y)DY_FJ*!^X4HH9!]HC,&$UR'`@H/S^!>IHP>-&6SU$596`` ;`/@\/RR
M#7S'&%&V@>J0`_\YJ7?UP
M&%I,K1(0^`DR/+ZZV28IH!5.V(5PQ>H^LP2&X*5!0&.Q%M>!#VIOM)]:PRAI
M/RU0VV4:$/OBT`^/-L?"MX<=IP`IU9TE`8@M2'@]OBC3$B9:SB\!R.#I<=- 4&F=$
MJ+%A(%BZ*!9:F0 QV!#C`5&P%\*3-OCAJJCX2;P[WXF^:4BZ
M$ZN"P=A.Y'R+/M]C'!\'LH])#)0F%J=U1WU!?Z*_:WY%_X?EEM#?_#]02P,$
M%`````@`Q8LM1MS"X0HK.@``])8$`!4`'`!A8V%R+3(P,30P.3,P7W!R92YX
M;6Q55`D``W* VJFHZ-C0J:A"1,4Z2*%V>Z?OT")"7Q@H,+
M!9(`S9>N;`L`S_D^X``X.#CXV[]_W_@GCRB*<1C\],/ICZ]^.$&!&WHX6/WT
M`X[#%Q\_OCM[ 3N["-%E'V%NADSL4
M/6(7Q2=I3*J>?+[X,KN-4YR@DSAAYNMFF"HI.K(`@?
MG81\._X+^3_NCW\AOVV?(KQ:)R?_\_Q_G;Q^]>KCB]>O3M^>_-_%XK_.;T[?
MG-[\GP_G;V\N/GS\]?7/_^_'DV_?OOV(O)4395_[T0TW)R]>4&%]'/SSK_1_
M'IP8G1`U@_BG/Z^39/O7ER]II>\/D?]C&*U>DF^\>;DK^.=__9 `FE?\HYC4(?W:+E"?WO
MS[=7(M5?TG(OL1?]=A&ZZ08%R>Z_L\#['"0X>;H*EF&TR?CZ\TFFSU^3IRWZ
MZKO8R
M"C-\P)%."0Z>!=.P@.\6LY2Y&O*LBEXTQ,6
M;2$E!Y8%_VJN\-PV$VNR1_80T0
MJ*1E?(`*`TSTOD7.! $[C_OUD3]
M>)XFU%-)'>?PM,ZK9!E#,C``5/6VY ?^;HU0$K?UJ\,-]N-,A[]_3`=>
M.O%#UC?2^,7*= $=.__8$G3OQ&N`C^\E2^'.U.O+O'S$<7# :E4L12.JIJ=G0PT)Z%
M182V#O8^?]^B($9DZ3M/UBC*32K`"K>*I2SQ8>CH".'8N7Z^O,#Q-HP=_TL4
MIMNKP/53NO 5KX3N[\
M^3W%6ZHBO##A5K&4(3X,71V)M*?M`FVI5K&,[6.7M90H0'&=1R7L@--L341$
MQ0FZQH_(NR)X!2M,=ABY*,WQ(EO+,B:DP>CJN*3]J/E$;##RSL,@4^JP1X06
M^W!YRSB3`*"K$Y/V;"D--LE*EO+6 )KMH$+B]V84N)@E0'
M2!K0HW*1HOOP%ODT;F/A1*6N!>W/X0J6DL6#`#B9'M"70KI61)9/35,`#RR@
MO*5T<0``V#HZ!+4]6S=A@G96H-;%?">.\1*3#2Z7/Y46+&54"22`XP']-&7Q
MY;D@\@!/`SI@+E"$:8*31U2RZ^`)`:NL
MK1RQ%0<8&M`1(KW@&,]*0V&)8:>S)`Q6]RC:E&TY1"JKJ*VT,M4&B#7#X2$>
M:M:2(6'UK`P24?8]CL_;J.Y??#UH;$G1P3*Q?W'\%#*&K)*64L14&@@0']#I
M4;H^QR.F4 1[.Q5DXV+L*SITM3APH)@XJ;2E!H/(`3P-Z
M)VY1XN``>9^=*,#!*IZY;KI),R?+!5IB%T/SD41%2]F3@00@ %49/B*O '\-K*U1L>A1*Z;
M`=?5I 37&0J"L.1WPB%$A5YA4E7%1)V%%
M]]?6#?A0#CJAMQIY%Q6XOS,$[FRT)`T'26R]@#>TTWXS8%7Z(PCA=1N`0]
MZ^42`^/.["B59`!E;?2E8!O#-O@X/L21XZ?1 ?X:+XL> I@[PB 6(NHO3AG(M[LL2M:,_^1`8%
MXT[*JT(STZK15'OSY;WS78I$01.VTBE"QKAL\40TH;^G6L8>:FJZP9G9>[2D
M[#WG!2+*>+OT"?.@O*>J!KC=A_R=9]N6S&?U*)PZ>M-61YZ0BMB0JP L1JS1P?[]+Y^I3\5ET0^.3%V96RF1"OV,*F,CWGIX7?W\'8QI9F@
M],0,^VF"/(&G7+:V/91*X]'5D[M=[BF(4C5]>"'6[=L;F&[%/JVV(P$Q-.[T
M7V4Y?DS/:-?R6/I(2UR-.P00`-)N`K"892$>QD4M_(KP:DVU(OL`9X5NTLT#
MBN;+3/I2`+L B;XN6Z*V2(?:4;),RCV:;,$KP']GO9!!D?\SZ.,T&\*L314[0>(E!
M7[N&7!9JP?#.&Z,)7\$:LG_;4M[#%OE9=-L5UB>&M2DLB8;*.[//YM$BIYU,
MWQ>2$K;)Y%*&(9L*M>HR_(KIFA0CBU#"%'EY_JU[`X&AO*%<7RERQ:]C)
M%:"]<5Z/7-K/RERQ:]C)%:"]SD"M#>N/C%T@D8EZ%F.=MX
M86AJ7,@2D#*5RPR_CFTL"1`P+A:IGB:52Q50V#:.()WA8*6ACDJJ"EV$&R(W
M=$#"+&L;-8#&QH42[16[)AWIBOQ3N'T]%#2%$_&>M:0 B)Q0\S\9NN'3PB1?< 1`)JWW594ZC]3
M)TB(*O/E'7+3*$LE+K8#>CXPRE["`U3CAI]]8$P_1#,G5NXN7X91GE0>7:)&
M>A+96D9S):VZQCU^:P+R::D=#47=,9"Q@T'C)EZ-DN)59"!MCTI-:^EH0*!Q
MTWX4& A$\PCO"+#EWZ <8*I3'"[/Z2&@1
MC)-6Y_UJY.3!E9^_H\C%:DNR>DUK*6E``+#1RL5P%!O*8X5=?RS,"$;+@*?X
MFR^P1DAOT+?L%/F&1J6LTAXHP`/P->.X/")YWN)8$UBO;
MS&`#"(#"'GP(^Z0`L\"[1=E[J+M\=2J+"DXK1A/5&AJ`L1X#PK;&
MR)Y@XM/HC2@G1V$&$S.X$M 9GX.VJ;!;,D .H$[[.
M@[F+"&%EXSE1`0*@I1/_A4@:B16>9!,CHD@P?CJ)3H!D4CQG4FAF!(3)GSV]
M[B2B05ZN(\;9&`ZDU($":.S$@P%)M]_RM>+M4'L$1)6@`)CIQ%,A%.>(<55O
M8TPL"491)_$1S$N8C2,U&:[$;5C'E00L`%>=1$U("B4]NF1;&A]O_)'VII-0
M"N85VE8C3=R&=8Q)P`)PU4FLA:10TB--MJ7Q\288:1UZ-9JBG3OQNOF>B5K=
M$3"TAP'@I$.7!BC,$2.IVL)X^!&,'(W^C.S#V=60 ,QAQ0$H.W$
MZU`DW&-NG_D=GU_3>/"E(0#8Z,1Y+`UOL;.`_9QPD297 `'U`%P'?,@D>UGND`.FR/X"!+X!
MA8UF0Z0HOMD-D4VF>W^>W4#C:8DD-4O.U_YADDP8TUY%5EAFAK
M\;@RB[;^$]E3E\ZE'WZ+=:>O/S0\;-+Z@QR#IZK?BR*?H;Y99;A5"Y5E$85T
M:O$^/?T (C%G0B\$%9S5LE =AXCHC9UP2N,X35((R[&X7%RG/5#BL5WW.5#9@-.]5B\H1"3U*
MS]YB3H.$S"@;G&Z@!;^PWLAY5P`0SJEI@/W.UQ17@9>Z=-XYW.ZDJI`^?>?X
MU70$#%N@WL;(.T=+8.%\GQ:N]J\V6P='^?[Y.@Q6UV3!ZLWB&"7QWY%/K>//
MC8E%K>[(.Y$BD,:](_+%P4$^"/*N3F`@BH-G=F#Q9T(S#!> #I3JFJ:!,BT%Y"VGWZ-:1RMA60YE6JL9$1+@>@1<9YX3Q1XW,?.9ZZ>:Y4'AG3;(!@1[J-
MCA66TO1]DMWU$14KSZ@ZOA[1``=VPX^B/UR@;'?89G9@5!U9?V"!8]S3U?(!
M:D='3MK-KPI0Q[O7=WZTD$@UZ)@'U*8+VUA'A"VO( 2NR;P5SY?[SU[3B8S(=I[&2;A!
M$2L(2JZ>]41)PJ-Q[PW0%(4N0EY\2?3+#]BR.(V`:$%V!\5Z@9TY0[JJ_61)
M@S2J'753;:7I5;*VU;U#&2KC(MWD]3]ZJ3P.JE4`.S[$S?2M5?Y6MH:M%:^A
M<6RMN%`99Q?*%NV0ZJB6)23P\C\@\B,O$T3+QLRT%Q)='IH:5(`T[OR4K0@<
M`BM?;\0\2P2R#GBF6I:Y>$!MX9"](HW%E6"S465T1#9!,>XTM"SN39B@W1F?
M!'^5XJ/CK@J&38XU89!7]\4$9U/EE656+\PKJ0&+G&^25'`733`A&=C=\CCZ!(J@,'7>:SSJ&0Z9PG,ZF?]
M0+_@5+#,0\)3?40^,ZHFATL;6=,8+I(G[R-"1(G)+!F495&!)SC/8@M;:4AV
MS'2[]3, K8!E&FYP,04)`R=J6<2T-"GQ; 4 `QDMY>>
M!XV3I4+8G?UAD*E2>V1,*@'7>=` XV?;EZXV,.DFP.@^A*[WY5G2P\`5PY+U&YFQ%3()@796N.C$)IP#3&N0")NXH+;4_W899O+G]\
MH'(0+STNV[ 1*
M)[.'5-J%#3D/8_"VM+C>B/A5`*M[+TX]S/`01KI_;OH.)8E?>*_@1`A'-C8B
M?H^%56>*,MGU3I'&I4C?(K?JJ=<9+84@2`!3>V].=^^('<0_G4 %U,2::CW+7 _Y3&
M.$!Q?(%B-\+;`N-/3HSC[-[!GM^]Q(!N+1H:V(Q(\%>>Q-L@)7#E]V$U7M\2
MXUB<265/XY!!F4]%1.9''*:Q_W2+MB'UAQ;6T_%+IY3'VY2C)>C;XAPM\+.T
M1]#._B@HF5O]XUJTP^IHP O&`%:U;)"O;8354$3'`0+QE9\ AGP%![OTL.M_"=;$>R
MSU1T*'/\X)/Z2M_#44JH9SE`M:4E$,$KFKR5FK##%+1#QP!+\6'AD'&77&,W
M>R)@%:',B7&\<8`:[ML>0'(\2Q,`Y(ID(L28J(&"=@Q1GJ8,2/1>+^W4'F
M\2.PT6+?0Z\AP+,< Y&?@MJW9,=*/QLP` F!1IL%\
M1**P`Z;WD1/$E!$E+[A*"W8->B5L3#`$I_E+Q5>!E[K(*T>*4_M%EAYY]O#2
MQ1H-%J+%1WLW'2UD?)8V!;CUI@K>*>NZFWHC=EB+M@B98#!>7SHX^L7Q4_05
M.?0OV;4##48!:+CW@0_(\2P'MQXE]H`>9!/&S/#KV#',)?4W852_8=WFTS"H
MV>WV/J;98DQ#^H@-_?Z264`D23,;26:MOR-O!5R-$>_ZCVC2+H-P''HFV(NW
MU:PF&BQ%O<7>;41=@&=I':!'V03Y?LQ*[*-RL":5G*??L?5.[V;[W:#;Z'?/
M?H.L*0"=`K@.?=(?XSS'`G5GRL^N\O7M&+PM!:0,NG>^ZPA6JS;7^X"N
M?'T:R4 6Z%`S\5N?O.]#VJN
M--,@;_^>``RK_+!7;,0N0Z"*D`&FX?6KN_0A1K^GY`N?'_6<13/:[#U!3%.$
M:>0?\51/%4OA\APL;]=XYNAMP-`5IUW[$A+[0\R0BZ)`7QZ7EM\U+RL=4\R!
MKE?2SS_)F@BH]$#FX1K_GF(/)T_RRP!NE8&-A("+LH'@:VZ`C9#,;?1S3`;&
MYSC!&R=!\55POT99@LVH2%:]3UZU?SPI[CTOU#$R&II2ZAB5)CNE+'P5;D#F
M6B%[;%%=.WNL#ZW0S&>3J]Z[F9$2QE![(B7[9#A:;>(@7"525DG4M,2&)A
MC_79AQ>7YMM27&'O!DA6'D-MD*SXDQEJ?Q&``VW]Z1VUNO:8(4DL[#%#F1^"
M)A/+[.E\>1XALK&\Q?$_>[=`$J(8:GPD))_L3HN#GQ*J%,P#K.`I#US#'AO#
MU=L>R[++AW*+7(0?Z?7]WBT*1P1#+0E'XLF"*`M_'SD>3<0S3]8H`J"%5BYR
M=>VQ*I)8V&-?Z.M.`>DX_?MJFE\VU)HT!9V,2(L@LS*(0L4P%K#%N'
MD^WN3M9UC@ M^P[_=N>!H?-M3"-.2<3(FR\#L,R9BY(K0&*TQ3F,8Q2JKP
M0KLE^?KV&!,%3)[#NNAJLW5P5#Q6'`:K:]*^E\/1_PY,0A9#K96,Z),!4]^E
M'6"-+HKWB]@`BW=P;9JRQZRU0\J>]=(M(KO7E'S,#4DI*DGOYHDC@J%6B2/Q
M9(R4A0?0%%H><3U[S(P$!C;9E!@1E-9D*7A!]/+#;%-Y'L8#K'UD9#'6RHA%
MG\Q-"W/#@K5X!X6[;9.I:9/)DS:^BR++H%ZMNVZ)9_LBY 2#=B
MK062A\D&F[0+$_H2A>F6.DK]U"N2A3>KY>ZP?>JH3P[9>[KH;HT0C >1[.
M=3U\OS];UI,BQMG`GO1^YK93]Y:Q`VS*&7U*
M,EXX3U2TTMH,/6A;;X@_T;?=$$LT60J]>[,=L@J;J&85JZT!"P)SQ_\BPH&+
MMXY/?LER- B0.AQ30E8R5H;`L-@@O'@
MOYQ^T&*?2'H6Q^EFJ_5(7X<0ACTY+R7S,[?7,BKTP0Y2$W
M&C4NY#=%6CYBD2WK"F:;;!\[:GU&OX03;1'=>L4QUAY*23]9QHXL(XAY&PLH
MT=A(+)T,;"98M`]W:$7UNPJ68;3)/E)2)__M%FW#B(8QEPI]>BI^U&;,=$G2
MNQW3)?ADPO2:,!GDY6V84FMV&S$UX$RP8A]+5]O+[OL\+R7Y 8$G:Z756LD"+V^QU%NTVFJU`-`$RW5&W30XR0XSB9T]
MS^*\5RBHWF>]3!-2^"L.\";=W%)I]B>@EV%4Q(0'JVOD:(QU[%"VWJU==ZI,
M=E"K'52G0-XB'M.VU;;Q*%!-L)+S:.4$^`^GR$MSXU!]YLO#99@O899H+W!1
M%%R@Q,&^#@/8ZK.]V[964@YDMB3326E(),6.AKB*XY1>DZ)^F(@^^[W8/:^1
M'920T7#NQ.L;Q+K=(5]W:&/!2_VDB()@]!_/2!&.D27))'TTQN0#R+L*R+\?
M4123[P)2,AAJWY;IC!V!$IO!U_H8+,M`8WKI[]WY^D6M2UF- H,3`N[)S$Y8:ML'D6Y>!?AQL$!1$FEC"D4
M\/I4A9&JAIUO`.]\!5I6:,(7O1E=MOE,A"\KQ3QJ?Y;TA0"OJ^AJT/RRBT$7(RQ2_
M ?+\])5\;)+8[_V?=N72R)H7MUL>#33EU*X`J0%+_S-$Z(F:ZO]L3E;=B_
MPP).9EGL.
MT_?#;_0`@YY4A.E#LDQ]H?U0K&RR&5'%P8"@(WT/(O5M7A1$,M3>*&@P&:#I
M1& 4RL:9L'WO^!*%L;#[YX6,I@%2S+A3[KV`^R1CMUF/T.01,MDC1)=7" A3\]?77^.XRR=S\Y_B&5
M%DPQZ>`.30D.F\@\R'[C;!#7NZ3:RL"DMNC!DHRS,3..]5W8` T0.\)6
M5-IN%D$,C-L=+H@)@J*@V67L9J:FKW%[QNE(1.Y(9$B?\'0D,EUR43_ZZ/:2
MRW3 X*HJ`N5@+2>!=X%
M>D1^F#TQG&4[Z=LU)B&*H:XQ" ![V4TK#'7+3*,N`__F[ZZ>$,WK%E::=3G-NY\O/3A00L.,%BK*WBF8;
M"C]D#K2T;84%T8.B/4:GDI5\E^7O\^\I?G1\ZCOIVRC)RF.HT9(5?_1J8
MRGGHC^5DY)8WV:!(:-NY'S?//WB>IQI,Z,&,,"VML(KIF(MU[CR542["A3KL
MG"IVP,[3N?.\L46V3778.57L@)VGI[G5GHZ-T!-R$\9I^L+.,8Z/++FXZR0%LVVA_T
MH7T?)H[/7B T2];UAU*[`Z+>,4ZSX%"L^Q8H;3^84*S[%BD^QX@9$!TZQXF;%BB^BD"S:
MDJ>%3X\&`H\N\K.XE$]/]^3;G(E/IJ;Q$YZ4^N8-(DAJ*C-W O7_:JJ' )5VC=H2E]H=.-*E,H1@!FW
MZ6BAS$T8N+H[0*G-L?:!,FP&Y,`6>D@KJL5\W>+\R8_#'3#'I[E[[]8(96^:
M>A[.=3U\OT=G=5^:&.?D[DOQR3D^.<=-=H[O!2QZ>[":T5&619<6UU1E;I0+
M:ILR<8D7LB(8S",PEXXAM\S%7FF')S'!GZ-SU`.[PIG[RWUGEO;]$C(BL&B+']SZ;PQ/6J
M'90Q;O%*+[S/EX6`4$A&I8P5B-?4,FX)DV4S7T3A$D/>G7()*R"OJ&3>7(!\
MTN;J"PK(#L3/''\;FN4_>]3Q$?$3%TA6MH(F62",2^4^NIPTLG-'BZ0TK:X$
MZ:%I[R +NPT\H/SU!WGP)4"-?WPK*%.#0>#E)
MTSJ![/^OR;PZ#W(Q<9XA8O=D/'OEP*UC!64"M05WFP8P>C24263P*F6LH*&F
M%AOV,Q-&QYU#SX4S>27'1K.&%91P509VEZ^&?'^''KY3@6F6&_91P`TBAOG>
M^0[-1BI-6,&A&B@`J;VF_7G7N+^@+ 65`)E*XN
M3LCR(G0Q$=O[%2?K^K*#-4C$E4SAB>E%DE7 I3B2\0@94*3X0C
M__91AF[@S39AE.`_LK^#UXR!\::M>:/9UP^F<2NWLMSSI6!$2U:R@U.!XL;-
MA=-K9"HP&!=1 $8B-6$*H*
MC"`(IX\3FO>@A3^4.5R@W16NE--UHJ-/E+Y/@/1)/IT832=&)I\835G%VF85
M,Y&T*:O8L\DJEB7/6H>^1Q:=4?B8=7/^61&OAIV< 34\%.]G@(&+?AW>LD
MEX#1:F(:NAIW4V1*D`DPIIH@UVBS1R
MUTY,-\EY=V+XU!0JF\(; A"D3GWLP[%&$4GR]VG:,E/ZV:,9ZI=N!TGD+A
MBFR6MG3'%"2_.'Y:7+.$R>&7-YX%@;H:8VG9Z9%EU^[M@$/2A-H/
MVL[4E+_8]RF;LH#3N=MT[F;RN5O^BL'!AM$O40SA #5-,,>@VYJIK"SG<
M4S-^G8$)DNAM$FP9E1""O;NYQLX#]G'R=!]FKHN21PD,G177L8,]2?V[3[9+
MOHGCF+0?TVOMB)=R%RIJ#^*PMIW[B!?.$]''+Y8^(,C,8O8`S-:R!6220''"Z^3\LG80(M`7]NI:%[]=?A:/2R>CH%U<
MLC0U[HW,*5K%WLLMA>]CM^BCQW=I%''=O4!Y4Y@4^6\A=05;R#Z\=F ),]L7=K]V;ZXI^[0T7NS>68?>F-\\4_=I;+G9O+ 1C-V` 0--.?N6I9/M>Q=^826882R]!UIP\ E,5@'?VQ"QH/,:1@+]NEW>MEHU$18T&K:1%DE0V$:L]XH:]Y@"O0)"EPH.\/.+18
M1#AP\=;QR2]9NL*JD>SZ&$?R\X:#_ON?57D,*5>3MQMR(K'RGKVY1=O,M>Q&';=&A$MKF
M/1U"]#W[Z9!Y]'/@%``Q!4`8L1V9`B"F`(@I`&(*@)@"(*8`"(NPFP(@VF,W
M!4"TQVX*@&B/W10`T1Z[+@(@8.S.N-B=68;=&1^[0ZH:38OC5_S5\2O+X#OH
M`^"GV0E]*MA=6+>]$.PO3C5O,$[Y.XQ3V[88IX(]QJGF3<8I?Y=Q:MLVXU2P
MSSC5O-$XY>\T3FW;:IP*]AJG`U[VGZ(/#8X^+!]RJ$ Z[EV^=,M(AJ%U8UG1`T,$T[!3_/G,:\"+W61=QX&
MC\1P8II)F\Z;1.#\X DVS9A\!-X>F^[G4:98%RFZ#TNVC"89T LMV$ML"P YO\W%RC"CPZM$.]S9>J;
MXKG-]SZ+ ?`@WW/I," /'=W#JFN"3%IRQLE8VCJ"8F]XD)=EE3*.'UL3)#@,;&
M,I!]?
M&3`/1=YW/BN/''8-VQCB:F_<6QBYM)?*7+%KV,D5H+UQKQY/H4SV/JM0[6+Y
MB=4L3=9AA/]HO`4O6 MS'U#WI.R!^F\JV"11N[:B6D*(2(A.QU(JV:,9JH].!UZAP F16EZL83HP9&Y_=ZRZ$O3%]*;J*9@T6NIO&,2$,`7Q3N=3(:
MB,CA#YVU40F?.VN\N4R'MA.X:"=)S=-R&48TU.P@,8L:]3:,IZ@%+)U?E%:6
M"1Q+;5L:'VU\HZGSIG9IK8FSJ323+_O^.O3)YUA$250RGA,9Q;N_Z'V+/+3)
M/K"(,-A!&!1(5C2>!ED`NK\S7A^DE]KLF&Q+QI/5&J+N;ZR+13MWXO4-2HY@
MK=K""-BJ0=+]O7AID8[A9T3,Z+UK#TU!V8V;\S!.Z'V;F,R*$74H-KBS1MQ\T!V
MX&EHU'@V=0`'T+OW7/02]?ZNDUOBK%9[CW=G"3$%NT_![E.PNYEQ.%.PNZ%!
M:[8$NT]!N>:%LT]7#VP(9Y^N'BA>/=#HA\J^-L\^,%M%*).6.:
M%ZC8?2P?Z]OPZR6 ]DD_Q[\MDGU=WL0[.]]
MD_Q[\`LGU=_M0;"_5T[R[\'OG%1_MP?!_MXZR;\'OW92_=T>!/M[\23_'OSF
M2?5W>Q#L\=V38@$*OWQ2*V`/B'V^?E)\4;@SL7!KTN,;*,471;N3H=]!:8-B
M)R^A3->W-5[?5KED:,SU[9*'7_+N-J^&*6PV.B)PJ-'IK6U1V%))CD94CD3$
MID1UH^E0!Z-SWY: @R]:WE!8"C [,9),_,9;(UC29'"8+./:53UH)CLQ9H=+IV/C+LS#P`J$R';(([P-+%D^):V.[BB;JO0MB6\7P?`5.?M[JEA=/#WBAY,]+C
M3OO2)[JH_1*&F=`W88`V6S]\(KM+%#UB%\7W9$4 "]7'-^71,H=I$=& ?C?%'(-GXB55S(29>Z6H7&)@J!M]HH&R
M(.K#QI"#KSC`FW3#Y:A:QF26:MH8=SWRJ_-=C':EC-%H5[4Q[X+C%`IE[4L6
MK,7E[F@]2]0'4"FN9PJSW"VPA/K&3?9LF;?()1O$>Q1ME!@K5;.8L++RQDU&
M/)%_"7V",7UU_99HWX*Y6@/6 1DAM/.>*G+)K&XMDVPP
M!-%9!OBJ^O)&&>IOFCQ*DT?)!H_2[)L3>??D*QRO4K6,*984W&+45.H\&G__
M/3!31[W$P!`R.=\=DS2T,J/X()Q[HU;``O#ZR[I1?!!.NU$K8`%X_27N$5XZ4S`F%_&
M]7F'NW`YXY$$U-.X-=0ST^].18KA!4SS]5)&PP^JIG%KJ V#!$+ZIWF:Q(D3>&06FZU647:GC/3?"` GJWIV`\&I-I2-+(6>%]JLA&G8R7]ZO$6])(EW7:)H58>C<2PT`Y5\:<0D%Z6
M)J5)[2;EO0:C_3M6!*+H1U=;8,`V 9"/[N+[M+5#VATU(:SH
M7#WS,CH_^>?O6QQE=;I>2[&^-(HNU@9AV&G=:UH\8XQC`Z)AS*.:&*/HO=JY
MT>C\-\5$9OK1,+=._77-[XRB@ZFC"Q]4/%-?1PFC`?QULE]_9KVUC1542F/,
M[<2]G-9]N$,KBL!5L`RC3?:1TIE2_MLMVM+HDF!5*D1`S'_4=U"G393>S^BT
M23X=STTWM$V^H;T7\%,:XP#%<=%_8\Z-;7X=4\(OQ%< ^3^7[2OY-
M*I()%;S&)JA@"^(RNG=^Q^" +X()+E7VV"L:*5><<3TP57:U.$WCD^BF_1(PI2=(.@?5^]
ME"FL-3I !=(^JU_OQ[BK=4Q$4:N6OR%^8=&+F*1J.M
M`H!Q`447B.#IXAS-P"M?T00&`*^&T3Q)J2Q8N?9RW/$QGYKNG>](8U985JN]
M'T*PA)C.$Z0$GF\1C7\(5G3) P3.Y]E!X.
MTG;Y2LB?#],!=AYH2G' -4L>7IE:N,2M9EL3)N$V_A"*5:*'`^X0"M,3@
M7O6(!D="/(B7<4X'"67FR1H\J96N/A)B"RR,NX75$)UFQ84`/'.?+?8%B_!>6O.O]
ME(((ANRI%"2>]E5RH5)I1(??)2(#P_$;:$*A4X):-A@,H>;&[9D*B3-','4F
MD"^I,B:H:Q%O(A2,VP#M[17-Z!RXV,^=]# .KH+VFQX[:"D$L (4
MVV+XZ)-?Q\*!7M>Z=6!I\0O]GP?2,/G+_P=02P,$%`````@`Q8LM1DK!J=@R
M&```BT$!`!$`'`!A8V%R+3(P,30P.3,P+GAS9%54"0`# `L`
M`00E#@``!#D!``#M/=MNW+B2SV>!_0=N'M89('WSW=YX#AP[SO'"XS9LY\P!
M%HN!++&[B:BE'E%JV_/URXONHBBJ):?I!9\2MXK%*E6Q+F2Q]/GO+TL7K&&`
MD>^=[4R&XQT`/=MWD# (#!&MD0@PB3H>#KY;?S>QRA$`+LS\)G*X"?P+FSMCPZ],)?
MKJ(0!N#:\_RU%9*Y\2?RASW\1)ZM7@,T7X3@X\4O8'GY^'T)E;`9MM:/M+,!A08K&]@$L+$/X\
M?.KYGA GP!WZP7SDA,$H?%W!$0$:$"@8('N'CRL,>-YC
MX(2DR>A?O]T\,/PQX&F$!W/+6J4#9A9^8N#Q@Q%E8C">#/8FR9`9 87%WD_1+1/3DY.1NQI"DJP
M.6$1> P\.7LC^OC)PI"HJ`N7
MT`NO_&!Y"6=6Y!(._HPL%\T0=':`%88!>B(:5@"(O!Q(QCV2S(@\'%*5W2$*
M];?/%M'6D&DK_9/\O5HA;^:S/_[VF5)WFI!X#V>`O>=3^F+./F"T7+GP0_S;
M(H"SLP\6>0^#Y!7\L2+OA!"5@`2^2X;5$D8?C\@03-X"H^@FFSA!805V!4M%
M#P@2?P6#$$& "0^`_N?[_76*K\9VP_1 >V[8?
MT1 XA:3-7/ADX`L\"0K?S-$$C$?'%?%/`3Y
M69AT^3QTU68SG0(V%X@G,ZM7K@(G=.F@D`;W=`U>,(\Z)QDIL9&9@;Z*Z(O^
MC?"WC);W]-VX=]8K&T0B_OCE>_,;2*(+_&@]N5"L)V\WFTR9CJK*=,)M1DP*
M4Z8",46?P`D",46`DP02FL#,#T!*%>!D@8^(1MH:],%[9T]E%`!T4
MWB/\HWL8THQ;%GV,NT8?Q>GI$$X`H!08H]6']IP[:YKX8.9Y&K_>N?2QYWS],T(K:M(9P&L/^J(Z@T1]
M]@ZZJD]"Q"?`R.+B7D$P=\-2HE4BEBI3%Y+8X50N>!\,DV07$^L,V40P%6
M(F9B)HADTW'D_WE\V0- NS!:0B?Y25W`2+)P2K+1J9>'K`^
M[^F$3Y;95$,+DM@P'"!&4DQD5LF,8)4D+R25]MB`%1]@$I<>3`O;B/I"\D"'
MGKQ"#S.2>P@H&A#+PM#.&Z9L[@$]0.`'RLGL)G1HV&,Y>H!SNMBNO9D?+!DE
MPMT1$9QL+[3J)"9'1*0ZQ!3QM&!&!]($9KPM9_\9PV]"-Y#VY]S
M'GL(4"1(99L UOD.FQ?D)C9QR,?>&6Y=W*D7=1DQ*`=/H\Z"=6X!M#F"15"\
M(V.\@8&/UDL^D*-;A+['
MS\!2@*\O=-L0?H$>X53FQ;OBE'EO@>"/AX#C`VS&HMO.9J5_97`@GAE\C.?^
MQ?CM-['_?51NU".5Y:75;8D^/(#)2S `W#6,R61Y(2*=8#R_Q $!I!+5)RG,9
M6RWR\SG&D.6C-\AZHC?*D/1B1!=\LE2G&M;(4YUD1I;>\#G9`L[-:G* 3-VV69%]:2SYZ)A
MLV_1?]5P^RT-182R*+!J+WJH&S8&1GDSY,+"BRO7?U:X/I*!RC8\CEIL>%",
M@*$TDE(O>VM1[R:M$*V6#D@*W8R`-O?5XCXSO5WM4T(O\]:=KX76-,`Q-_HZ
M]2S*I5@(KWQLN=\"/UIA$DR[$>W2)Q[&8^W4T.8+3D@X=^XX[/58;C:_+`'0
MAC99=40UW*SORE3*)&/J`2>?=2+D#-0K=9S,I%Q\*M;?L)`U8R5'ETE]WN0V
M?0\U.34893K7^3*TX"Z]T8X>.X?UX%FKN&1NM/--V5RC+^,PWSCNZFXT5+#+
M-L0[[Y$T1EW&G,AV0" ;#B0J_D@%*V3[HY
M-MGNB*#YV&0(Z%1@ZH%X,I#-EM:#T!B$SA@7C65GH48I>O$QZ9YX+UZFBDVB
M%/N=:X&+N_'&U?2A$ &*&"712;5\[6V&I,2
M0,$I"0.7TI` 6+7Q!
MR=AX"&)4@Q7%572J1E0B4>U=P@#1SS"M(4ZJYV1[8_(!LJT,0?,#LBISV-+J
M/;-SU:G @']PDDI!B5
MVM!D9[*N@Y#4DG?'*MM`%R2_ T2??CMCV2OPO
MW7(A]I%^\4S4$58%6B+I,7?1\>C\?]F6#$-ENL/VM?"O+!3\TW(C>(YQM.2`
M/2QW"5K9(A?LI+9?Y#,R-UC3R8&5S6X6=ON<7CV9E^Z/"SQY719OA",23N>>
M@++0K#?DLF!.-22OZ'%@0MP]1K4'W+95F`U<6]Q:%/4JF14
M"=RHD$R%CDE:'$30B9N&Y7Q]Z8%$4UKCD"E$=1/P>`AB/$EKLU)D4'YJ1/Y&
MG?':-P1H@53F9P2UC[WUQC.ZTN4Z$C\%O7!)2(YFB)[,BD?4)Q]]3R&KMZG&
M*ZJ7@^+3WHP*DH34C30YB4RE=L@2\.Z8[
MP0D*P'$8@33Y@T;;+A5# C2RWX1-=G7'*MFVKM1J[]&`UG9!?
M<4VFY'E8,BE(9@7IM&:+]PV/WV7Q>0]H96E;ZQJL%@?PQJ!T]QW??-]Y1J[;
MPXE\!95$+_8Z>I-3D,QF[I7TH@<7OF=#VDZ392HD00^@@\)[A'_TH!D*R&6Z
MTOE;H,7YV48`HP!0$HP"-3B>:3"W//07/\'WG%N+?F!*_%7Q5J-DT85@8V,&1FF^,]_8AX/S^7'+N2W?,UY8+Y5V:>YY!EHATOJF8#S!L?MB,V6$S
MS`@QT45'H_#-9YU2B.$-I%]JW!"3;+=A:X7-9EQ#FS:!;"TO?->!
M`5G'9`&B7!NZ-H-DCN&P1>O`/.[_M%8^_B\03V&DV>%65]*!)K/EWT-6S9$^
MJ=_4[WT.V:Y^]SM>R61%GQ&3DN_%8S;V>^VBTE/[%&F->.]]4XSP1!7!E\81O.DL/H++4H8#4#
MW*"DV/CH;AE#QYL&*C4(U?/#%G&_20I_3B%PE^\+M)U#=KI4-0IO4PILM$IT
ML.!0J^KD]_3SWW\H?H"H"59VC+`K.$;@^(H'"H6O-ABGWOO=XSX:#,GP2G3@
M^$UO'YOEK?/';#K LE"D,X846R^
MEY@ZFMP&WK6'PR#J:]]0=099M63GUO^Y'8W"5F".D/^7>X&?1]9JA;R93_\B
M?WB>SXEE?Z,EO;(`,+&F2^O&M]F3LYU8V9Z?GX $5>`;#K]
M"9V>!#@JTY?'=Z'`]VZ[$N%[@XT)(9,>,%DX(27@H&YJT8#B;-4Q,PL_L3$1
M'LPM:\5LS&`\(5+>J2..S2, [1!S`,G+1*Y+_7SR-Q7:V0[%CDX))&TC0B('NLP(
M*1$9C,*($L)BD`00$9`=P/]/@@_D.X\,C1/Q0&2'&M6=&7+_D#6:.H])XQ(^
MVU+;(G8X=D!B2N#UX[,,17=9@\>N*Q%&$4/J$PXW(:+F!P12T?9)VMKXGA
M].:(T,6W&6YARJ02J`J/9*&1=7;J^$L+>;W*[&(1^!ZRKUW7@QC_1OX?^E0Q
M?H/+)Q@DC#1!;9D'B_JO8(ULB$MT"YYLE]9[:,VIGR[26?YUNS32\ZQ)DI#W5&5NB-]J#NN
M4G>L#W4G5>I.]*%N,A:8X[%&](G .ND$9-]#"F9D](HR:Z&%.S+Z11+WT\$-*H22P34W,HI%&3
MB":FYDA(HR9Q34S-L9!&3:*;1S^TW"*!A9^V2]WYLQ6PAY?M4OFP
M\(,PA,'2@4\AQU^D5P*@U19=;4W&G140\A8P1+;EEC?KVH[ZJ=MV&9/R?;O6
M=]02[C<8J.4+N(2$'.<2K9$#/6?JY5DI?A7DT1>\AHV':[L`\K>=LW-UY970
M:KB6&I'_\D9\#'UG(> TV?=?\=6(FG*?[-7T@DS+%W6-<40?%);Y
ME1_P(UAX!6'Z&I1`WQ63I4J')D8KX.^*V1O?\J8!FA-I431$7$W\BD:\*Y:I
M&\N,>1.[96AU5C']Y@_NU9HK+#;VI:$VJS,9H"5CY3L62LS5#-*2P>IJ4N.Q
M?IR6;!97D1J+XC'ORM1PA__U!08V4G`E%7`M95FB4DV8-8/>E3237(`&J?%0`-5=*
M(=5$QQ[BPH^J+C:/>* J2U.K8SZ.\@-T5S>*:5MQ5P9^"ZD^[7*
M1R$9JWT!"@.UDG0CO7)Y*P]_%U*_VE3J"@.UDGHCO7*I*P]_IU*_L/`B5]7?
M8H#F4H[I;"O=TC#-I1H?,@E##`'3#>#OAME&4R4!?3=,UJ?X(A@MV1)\Q#OC
MI^:AEHR4SG=%MH-V?RD%Q6U': =M&6H:VV:WS!3!M63V+@KLA84AGLY24F^@Q?BYB'#H+XE?
M2%A5!-:3T`O> WEGB9_WA6&G.CI
M+)$>JC_*;8-!\U>2T,\:O2-)F6TMH)8,,FJ_6*P/:%887D@0!4^W>\V'K*C`
M=]WXS1;O3(F?;9?>RSA:NR>3%ZD5/=DNK657G'/!1=(5`+?=$[,OHE"3&^N R7S'N+DCB]M"D[^=7A^25*P-?(C
M[+[>0]KW$SJYIL!I'\MLJZ(CFJV_B.1HAWZ4DX:LV:9$]N_A&OM;W/V1?)TC
MGZ5*@+9_=RFD?7*I!HLN!E0>;I->:M\#9-.6$-7SA;P3D`!MDW[6#DC\Q=5"
MQZ`Z$"VZ--O$:!2WUG%XCK%/G"EYY[^CP&"#./\:>D7
M2/(JR`JYHLQN-H)IP5RERHE3-_7RE&*G6G!2%E.A'"D*`IXIW_J>S?\0
MEBT)X=X+>W>T[#G;(I!!:!5[(,]&*\LEI/+.9T+=:S%`R[/K/(D5#JZ]W?'D
M0"2X6M!WRN2A.I.'[Y%))?:T6G]UU;G5A5EL,V"ICHJRPB;=V8_10\K*-2PFD
MW6XI\:P1`E.\A>\ZN ?-_$L'2ST:S"=(V!"KO9E-TVSSY*#/5CBJ:,1/TS`'V255\E\M-
MNJLR+Y06&8D?JK]%!]IH:;F]OD:(Y@NR&LZ)Z*TY3*7_"(,EVWBOO&?U`>_$
M8#94*[09H:7UN$(O1%SL-)D0RZ_,IP>SZ:WZE%U%:"V%2S01+Z#SS?<=_`_H
M.E]>+Q&M?7B*0C_(L=@`UL*"V`2BYP(4BI)+]A[A'R0ZH?LOF/@OB-;Y'3 )>P!TGJ81G+D3O,BOAI.G:B\R 8C%Q:Y+__!U!+`0(>
M`Q0````(`,6++4;'!YZ0%/0``/PR#@`1`!@```````$```"D@0````!A8V%R
M+3(P,30P.3,P+GAM;%54!0`# `Q0`
M```(`,6++497!?">#@4``$XW```5`!@```````$```"D@5_T``!A8V%R+3(P
M,30P.3,P7V-A;"YX;6Q55`4``W* `L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"'@,4
M````"`#%BRU&SK;I>"@B```9I`(`%0`8```````!````I(&\^0``86-A &UL550%``-RG+54=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#
M%`````@`Q8LM1BC4%N=C4P``#S8$`!4`&````````0```*2!,QP!`&%C87(M
M,C`Q-#`Y,S!?;&%B+GAM;%54!0`# M`Q0````(`,6++4; 5O`0!A8V%R
M+3(P,30P.3,P7W!R92YX;6Q55`4``W* `L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P$"
M'@,4````"`#%BRU&2L&IV#(8``"+00$`$0`8```````!````I(%?J@$`86-A
M `L``00E#@``!#D!``!02P4&````
/``8`!@`:`@``W,(!````
`
end XML 50 R56.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 2014 2013 Federal income tax benefit at statutory rate $ 4,577,000 $ 9,227,000 State income tax benefit, net of federal income tax effect 444,000 896,000 Non-deductible expenses 67,000 (954,000) Other 135,000 - Change in valuation allowance (5,223,000) (9,169,000) Benefit for income taxes $ - $ - X - Definition Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 51 R44.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Schedule of common stock equivalents (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of common stock equivalents 2014 2013 Common stock options and warrants 10,991,576 3,598,554 Series C convertible preferred stock - 480,000 Series D convertible preferred stock 225,000 4,691,090 Series E convertible preferred stock 477,830 601,585 Series F convertible preferred stock 5,361,000 - Convertible debt 133,924 3,738,917 Restricted shares of common stock 9,750 17,250 Total common stock equivalents 17,199,080 13,127,396 X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalents Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 52 R30.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Discontinued Operations, Policy (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Discontinued Operations, Policy Discontinued Operations In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment to a third party. Additional equipment in stock was sold to another third party pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to CareServices of $1,452,567 and $3,179,151, respectively. In June 2013, the Company sold the net assets and operations of its reagents segment to a third party for $184,318 in cash. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to its reagents segment of $0 and $5,312, respectively. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for any discontinued operations. The results of operations of a component of an entity that either has been disposed of or is classified as held for sale is reported in discontinued operations if both: (a) the operations and cash flows of the component have been (or will be) eliminated from the ongoing operations of the entity as a result of the disposal transaction and (b) the entity will not have any significant continuing involvement in the operations of the component after the disposal transaction. If the entity elects to allocate interest expense to a discontinued operation, it may disclose its accounting policy for this election and describe its method of allocation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section S99 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872618&loc=d3e7436-122677 + Details Name: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 53 R31.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Fair Value of Financial Instruments Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company measured the fair values of its assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair values due to the short-term nature and liquidity of these financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on current market pricing models. The carrying amounts reported for notes payable approximate fair value because the underlying instruments are at interest rates which approximate current market rates. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13279-108611 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 60 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 54 R8.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 1. Organization and Nature of Operations 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 1. Organization and Nature of Operations 1. Organization and Nature of Operations ActiveCare, Inc. (ActiveCare) was formed March 5, 1998 as a wholly owned subsidiary of SecureAlert, Inc. dba Track Group [OTCQB: SCRA], a Utah corporation, formerly known as RemoteMDx, Inc. (SecureAlert). ActiveCare was spun off from SecureAlert in February 2009 and SecureAlert retained no ownership interest in ActiveCare. In July 2009, ActiveCare was reincorporated in Delaware. ActiveCare (the Company) provides products and services to those diagnosed with chronic illnesses, provides real-time visibility to health conditions and risk, and has a unique active approach in caring for members. Going Concern The Company continues to incur negative cash flows from operating activities and net losses. The Company had negative working capital and negative total equity as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 and is in default with respect to certain debt. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In order for the Company to eliminate substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern, it must achieve profitability, generate positive cash flows from operating activities and obtain the necessary debt or equity funding to meet its projected capital investment requirements. Managements plans with respect to this uncertainty consist of raising additional capital by issuing debt or equity securities and increasing the sales of the Companys services and products. During fiscal year 2014, the Company (1) completed the sale of Series F convertible preferred stock (Series F preferred stock) for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs; (2) converted $2,326,801 of debt and accrued interest to common stock; (3) converted $574,592 of debt and accrued interest to Series F preferred stock; and (4) converted $83,473 of debt and accrued interest to Series E preferred stock. There can be no assurance that the Company will be able to raise sufficient additional capital or that revenues will increase rapidly enough to offset operating losses. If the Company is unable to increase revenues or obtain additional financing, it will be unable to continue the development of its products and services and may have to cease operations. X - Definition The entire disclosure for the business description and basis of presentation concepts. Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies, parent and subsidiary relationships, business divisions, business units, business segments, affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_BusinessDescriptionAndBasisOfPresentationTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 55 R32.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Concentrations of Credit Risk (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Concentrations of Credit Risk Concentrations of Credit Risk The Company has cash in bank accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in these accounts. In the normal course of business, the Company provides credit terms to its customers and requires no collateral. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon managements specific review and assessment of each account at the period end. During fiscal year 2014, the Company had revenues from two significant customers which represented 67% of total revenues. During fiscal year 2013, the Company had revenues from one significant customer which represented 44% of total revenues. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, accounts receivable from significant customers represented 80% and 82% of total accounts receivable, respectively. During the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company purchased substantially all of its products and supplies from one vendor. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for credit risk. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 825 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28088331&loc=SL29635902-196195 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13531-108611 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13537-108611 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 55 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6875567&loc=d3e14489-108613 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 825 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6480020&loc=d3e61082-112788 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 825 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6480020&loc=d3e61044-112788 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 56 R83.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Additional expense recognized related to Options and Warrants $ 71,942 fil_AdditionalExpenseRecognizedRelatedToOptionsAndWarrants Additional expense deferred over remaining vesting period of Options and Warrants 7,960 fil_AdditionalExpenseDeferredOverRemainingVestingPeriodOfOptionsAndWarrants Interest expense, net 1,936,039 us-gaap_InterestExpense 5,583,932 us-gaap_InterestExpense Amortization of debt discounts (919,032) us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium (3,097,009) us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium Aggregate Intrinsic Value 0 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue Weighted average remaining term of the warrants 3.88 fil_WeightedAverageRemainingTermOfTheWarrants Fair Value of Unvested Stock Options and Warrants 383,379 fil_FairValueOfUnvestedStockOptionsAndWarrants Warrant1Member Warrants 650,000 fil_Warrants / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant1Member Exercise price $ 1.10 fil_OriginalExercisePrice / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant1Member Interest expense, net 590,887 us-gaap_InterestExpense / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant1Member Warrant2Member Warrants 450,000 fil_Warrants / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant2Member Exercise price $ 1.00 fil_OriginalExercisePrice / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant2Member Amortization of debt discounts $ 143,634 us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant2Member Warrant3Member Warrants 856,977 fil_Warrants / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant3Member Exercise price $ 1.10 fil_OriginalExercisePrice / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant3Member Warrant4Member Warrants 3,669,120 fil_Warrants / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant4Member Exercise price $ 1.10 fil_OriginalExercisePrice / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant4Member Warrant5Member Warrants 1,424,025 fil_Warrants / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant5Member Exercise price $ 1.10 fil_OriginalExercisePrice / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant5Member Warrant6Member Warrants 1,008,000 fil_Warrants / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant6Member Exercise price $ 1.10 fil_OriginalExercisePrice / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant6Member Warrant7Member Warrants 1,000,000 fil_Warrants / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant7Member Exercise price $ 0.50 fil_OriginalExercisePrice / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant7Member Warrant8Member Warrants 90,000 fil_Warrants / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant8Member Exercise price $ 1.10 fil_OriginalExercisePrice / us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis = fil_Warrant8Member X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_AdditionalExpenseDeferredOverRemainingVestingPeriodOfOptionsAndWarrants Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_AdditionalExpenseRecognizedRelatedToOptionsAndWarrants Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_FairValueOfUnvestedStockOptionsAndWarrants Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_OriginalExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_Warrants Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_WeightedAverageRemainingTermOfTheWarrants Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:decimalItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of noncash expense included in interest expense to amortize debt discount and premium associated with the related debt instruments. Excludes amortization of financing costs. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28541-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 9 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of fully vested and expected to vest options outstanding. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedAndExpectedToVestOutstandingAggregateIntrinsicValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=fil_Warrant1Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=fil_Warrant2Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=fil_Warrant3Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=fil_Warrant4Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=fil_Warrant5Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=fil_Warrant6Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=fil_Warrant7Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=fil_Warrant8Member Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 57 R40.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Advertising Costs (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Advertising Costs Advertising Costs The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $48,778 and $59,330, respectively. Advertising expenses primarily relate to the Companys Chronic Illness Monitoring segment. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized, discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized, describes those assets and the accounting policy used, including a description of the qualifying activity, the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=32704220&loc=d3e8275-108329 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 340 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6387522&loc=d3e8384-108330 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 58 R53.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity Options and Warrants Number of Options and Warrants Weighted-Average Exercise Price Outstanding as of October 1, 2013 3,598,554 $ 1.33 Granted 9,148,122 1.03 Exercised (1,723,100) 0.89 Forfeited (32,000) 1.00 Outstanding as of September 30, 2014 10,991,576 1.05 Exercisable as of September 30, 2014 9,061,576 1.17 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of share-based compensation plans that may be presented in a single table for outstanding, vested and expected to vest, and exercisable awards. The information that may be disclosed in this table may include, but is not limited to, number of shares, weighted average exercise price, weighted average remaining contractual life, and aggregate intrinsic value. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 59 R72.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Loss on disposal of property and equipment $ 61,239 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfProperty $ 200,149 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfProperty Depreciation, Amortization and Accretion, Net 219,465 us-gaap_DepreciationAmortizationAndAccretionNet 272,117 us-gaap_DepreciationAmortizationAndAccretionNet Reagents Assets classified as discontinued operations $ 25,832 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember X - Definition Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1107-107759 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate net amount of depreciation, amortization, and accretion recognized during an accounting period. As a noncash item, the net amount is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepreciationAmortizationAndAccretionNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of oil and gas property or timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfProperty Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_ReagentsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 60 R2.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Balance Sheets (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Consolidated Balance Sheets Cash $ 197,027 us-gaap_Cash $ 223,835 us-gaap_Cash Accounts receivable, net 1,635,660 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet 1,852,328 us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet Inventory 1,649,320 us-gaap_InventoryNet 4,677,526 us-gaap_InventoryNet Prepaid expenses and other 141,087 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets 38,998 us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets Assets of discontinued operations, current 712,403 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent 0 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent Total current assets 4,335,497 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent 6,792,687 us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Goodwill 825,894 us-gaap_Goodwill 825,894 us-gaap_Goodwill Property and equipment, net 220,076 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet 296,729 us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Deposits and other assets 29,594 us-gaap_DepositsAssetsCurrent 106,950 us-gaap_DepositsAssetsCurrent Domain name, net 10,724 fil_OtherFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet 11,440 fil_OtherFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet Customer contracts, net 0 us-gaap_BilledContractReceivables 57,220 us-gaap_BilledContractReceivables Patents, net Assets of discontinued operations 0 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent 2,217,852 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent Total assets 5,421,785 us-gaap_Assets 10,308,772 us-gaap_Assets Accounts payable 4,549,451 us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent 6,621,234 us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent Accounts payable, related-party 1,109,775 us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent 251,386 us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent Accrued expenses 1,451,331 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent 708,519 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Notes payable, related-party 1,669,620 us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent 1,892,415 us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent Current portion of notes payable 1,212,937 us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent 1,278,585 us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent Dividends payable 246,738 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent 3,471 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent Derivatives liability 106,444 us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities 795,151 us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities Total current liabilities 10,346,296 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent 11,550,761 us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent Notes payable, net of current portion 219,048 us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable 1,055,918 us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable Total liabilities 10,565,344 us-gaap_Liabilities 12,606,679 us-gaap_Liabilities Preferred stock, $.00001 par value: 10,000,000 shares authorized;0 and 480,000 shares of Series C; 45,000 and 938,218 sharesof Series D; 70,070 and 61,723 shares of Series E; and 5,361and 0 shares of Series F, respectively 1 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue 15 us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Common stock, $.00001 par value: 200,000,000 shares authorized;45,815,351 and 21,775,303 shares outstanding, respectively 458 us-gaap_CommonStockValue 218 us-gaap_CommonStockValue Additional paid-in capital, common and preferred 73,183,429 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital 62,519,544 us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Accumulated deficit (78,327,447) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit (64,817,684) us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Total stockholders' deficit (5,143,559) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity (2,297,907) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit $ 5,421,785 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity $ 10,308,772 us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_OtherFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition For an unclassified balance sheet, the amount due from customers or clients for goods or services that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business, reduced to their estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 210 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.5) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879938&loc=d3e572229-122910 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock, use the element additional paid in capital, common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock, use the element additional paid in capital, preferred stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6801-107765 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of, expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1107-107759 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate value (measured at the lower of net carrying value or fair value less cost of disposal) for noncurrent assets (assets with expected useful life longer than one year or one operating cycle, whichever is longer) of a disposal group, including a component of the entity (discontinued operation), to be sold or that has subsequently been disposed of through sale, as of the financial statement date. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amounts due for billed services rendered or to be rendered, actions taken or to be taken, or a promise to refrain from taking certain actions in accordance with the terms of a legally binding agreement between the Company and, at a minimum, one other party. An example would be amounts billed to customers under contracts or programs but not paid as of the balance sheet date. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 3 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3(c)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_BilledContractReceivables Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Cash Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value of amounts transferred to third parties for security purposes that are expected to be returned or applied towards payment within one year or during the operating cycle, if shorter. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 17 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepositsAssetsCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Fair value, after the effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13433-108611 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945355&loc=d3e41228-113958 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13495-108611 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34720828&loc=SL20225862-175312 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6945355&loc=d3e41271-113958 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 20 -Section 55 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36459792&loc=SL20226008-175313 + Details Name: us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of dividends declared but unpaid on equity securities issued by the entity and outstanding. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Liabilities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509677 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6935-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of obligations due all related parties. For classified balance sheets, represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (d) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (a)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26713463&loc=d3e16323-109275 + Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35741047&loc=d3e13816-109267 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388280&loc=d3e13770-109266 + Details Name: us-gaap_Goodwill Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 35 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6386567&loc=d3e3927-108312 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6676-107765 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19-26) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Liabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.32) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 25 -Article 7 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 32 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.21) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 21 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of notes payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer), excluding current portion. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 22 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_LongTermNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of the portions of long-term notes payable due within one year or the operating cycle if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_NotesPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The amount for notes payable (written promise to pay), due to related parties. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Subparagraph 1 -Article 4 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)(5)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_NotesPayableRelatedPartiesClassifiedCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockValue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods, and amount of other assets. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31(a)(3)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant XML 61 R45.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations 2014 2013 Customer contracts, net (Note 5) $ 569,250 $ 1,377,301 Equipment leased to customers, net (Note 6) 111,435 273,631 Patents, net, (Note 7) 31,718 566,920 Total assets of discontinued operations $ 712,403 $ 2,217,852 X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ScheduleOfAssetsClassifiedAsDiscontinuedOperations Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 62 R6.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit (USD $) Series C Preferred Stock USD ($) Series D Preferred Stock USD ($) Series E Preferred Stock USD ($) Series F Preferred Stock Common stock USD ($) Additional Paid-in Capital USD ($) Accumulated Deficit USD ($) Total USD ($) Balance at Sep. 30, 2012 $ 5 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember $ 4 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember $ 46 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember $ 29,643,769 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ (37,359,214) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember $ (7,715,390) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Balance - shares at Sep. 30, 2012 480,000 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember 386,103 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 4,636,977 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for services 16 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 475,484 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 475,500 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity Issuance of common stock for services - shares 1,579,632 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for accrued expenses 2 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForAccruedExpenses / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 225,298 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForAccruedExpenses / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 225,300 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForAccruedExpenses Issuance of common stock for accrued expenses - shares 166,200 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForAccruedExpensesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for loan origination fee 2 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFee / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 334,265 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFee / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 334,267 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFee Issuance of common stock for loan origination fee - shares 189,345 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFeeShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for debt conversion 134 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 18,466,989 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 18,467,123 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion Issuance of common stock for debt conversion - shares 13,439,190 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversionShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for cash 13 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 1,838,820 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 1,838,833 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Issuance of common stock for cash - shares 1,313,334 us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest 2 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 251,562 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 251,564 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest - shares 200,625 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterestShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares (50,000) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 250,000 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of Series D preferred stock for services 5 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForServices / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 1,800,526 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForServices / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 1,800,531 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForServices Issuance of Series D preferred stock for services - shares 484,185 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForServicesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series D preferred stock for loan origination fee 1 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForLoanOriginationFee / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 817,482 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForLoanOriginationFee / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 817,483 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForLoanOriginationFee Issuance of Series D preferred stock for loan origination fee - shares 103,843 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForLoanOriginationFeeShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series D preferred stock for dividends 66,881 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 66,881 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForDividends Issuance of Series D preferred stock for dividends - shares 14,087 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForDividendsShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions 1 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember 614,764 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 614,765 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions - shares 61,723 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember Stock based compensation 1,750,274 fil_StockBasedCompensation / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 1,750,274 fil_StockBasedCompensation Issuance of options for loan origination fees 289,732 fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForLoanOriginationFees / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 289,732 fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForLoanOriginationFees Issuance of options for services 202,572 fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForServices / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 202,572 fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForServices Derivatives liabilites 4,417,456 fil_DerivativesLiabilites / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 4,417,456 fil_DerivativesLiabilites Net loss (27,137,602) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (27,137,602) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Dividends on preferred stock (320,868) us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (320,868) us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Balance at Sep. 30, 2013 5 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember 9 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 1 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember 218 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 62,519,544 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember (64,817,684) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (2,297,907) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Beneficial conversion features on debt at Sep. 30, 2013 1,323,672 us-gaap_OtherAdditionalCapital / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 1,323,672 us-gaap_OtherAdditionalCapital Balance - shares at Sep. 30, 2013 480,000 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember 938,218 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 61,723 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember 21,775,303 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock at Sep. 30, 2013 (1) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 3 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember (2) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Issuance of common stock for services 109 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 749,896 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 750,005 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity Issuance of common stock for services - shares 10,896,970 us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for finance fees 3 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFees / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 41,888 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFees / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 41,891 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFees Issuance of common stock for finance fees - shares 349,822 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFeesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for loan origination fee 1 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFee / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 163,069 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFee / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 163,070 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFee Issuance of common stock for loan origination fee - shares 161,738 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFeeShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for debt conversion 37 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 2,447,889 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2,447,926 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion Issuance of common stock for debt conversion - shares 3,712,549 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversionShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for option exercises 17 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercises / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 541,222 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercises / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 541,239 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercises Issuance of common stock for option exercises - shares 1,723,100 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercisesShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest 3 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 148,241 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 148,244 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest Issuance of common stock for dividends and related interest - shares 271,343 fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterestShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series C preferred stock - shares (480,000) fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember 672,000 fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares (893,218) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 6,252,526 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions 83,473 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 83,473 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions - shares 8,347 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series F preferred stock for debt conversions 574,592 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversions / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 574,592 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversions Issuance of Series F preferred stock for debt conversions - shares 858 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series F preferred stock for cash, net 2,175,002 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNet / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 1,405,769 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNet / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember 3,580,771 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNet Issuance of Series F preferred stock for cash, net - shares 4,503 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNetShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember Stock based compensation 2,051,758 fil_StockBasedCompensation / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2,051,758 fil_StockBasedCompensation Issuance of options for Debt conversions 590,887 fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForDebtConversions / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 590,887 fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForDebtConversions Issuance of options for services 263,117 fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForServices / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 263,117 fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForServices Amortization of Series F preferred stock as dividends 716,807 fil_AmortizationOfSeriesFPreferredStockAsDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember (716,807) fil_AmortizationOfSeriesFPreferredStockAsDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember Net loss (13,461,587) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (13,461,587) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Dividends on preferred stock (737,138) us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (737,138) us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Balance at Sep. 30, 2014 1 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember 458 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 73,183,429 us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember (78,327,447) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember (5,143,559) us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Beneficial conversion features on debt at Sep. 30, 2014 $ 116,100 us-gaap_OtherAdditionalCapital / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember $ 116,100 us-gaap_OtherAdditionalCapital Balance - shares at Sep. 30, 2014 45,000 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 70,070 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember 5,361 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember 45,815,351 us-gaap_SharesIssued / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series C preferred stock at Sep. 30, 2014 (5) fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember 7 fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember (2) fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock at Sep. 30, 2014 (9) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 63 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember (54) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStock / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_AmortizationOfSeriesFPreferredStockAsDividends Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfSeriesCPreferredStockShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_DerivativesLiabilites Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForAccruedExpenses Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForAccruedExpensesShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversion Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDebtConversionShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterest Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForDividendsAndRelatedInterestShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFees Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForFinanceFeesShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFee Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFeeShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercises Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonStockForOptionExercisesShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForDebtConversions Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForLoanOriginationFees Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfOptionsForServices Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForDividends Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForDividendsShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForLoanOriginationFee Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForLoanOriginationFeeShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForServices Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesDPreferredStockForServicesShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNet Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNetShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversions Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_StockBasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash, stock and payment-in-kind (PIK). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 405 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817 + Details Name: us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Additional paid-in capital or capital from other sources not otherwise defined. Use this element if the registrant wishes to distinguish between Additional paid-in capital from Other Additional Capital. The following adjustments are some examples of Other Additional Capital: recording the issuance of debt issued with a beneficial conversion feature, the issuance of convertible debt at a substantial premium, certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees, and accounting for certain expenses and liabilities paid for by the principal shareholder. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 31 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(2)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 5 -Section T + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherAdditionalCapital Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The number of shares or units of entity securities issued in the transaction in which equity securities were issued to pay for goods or nonemployee services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 50 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6406099&loc=d3e25284-112666 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionQuantityOfSecuritiesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount by which stockholders' equity was increased by the transaction in which equity securities were issued to pay for goods or nonemployee services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 50 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6406099&loc=d3e25284-112666 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedGoodsAndNonemployeeServicesTransactionStockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date, including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 + Details Name: us-gaap_SharesIssued Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of new stock issued during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Equity impact of the value of new stock issued during the period. Includes shares issued in an initial public offering or a secondary public offering. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueNewIssues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration XML 63 R59.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Discontinued Operations, Policy (Details) (USD $) 1 Months Ended 12 Months Ended Jun. 30, 2013 Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Loss from discontinued operations $ 1,452,567 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax $ 3,184,463 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax CareServices Loss from discontinued operations 1,452,567 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember 3,179,151 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Reagents Loss from discontinued operations 0 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember 5,312 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember Proceeds from Sales of Business, Affiliate and Productive Assets $ 184,318 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessAffiliateAndProductiveAssets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember X - Definition Amount of income (loss) from a disposal group, net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes, net of tax, income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period, gain (loss) on disposal, provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal, and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.12) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 13 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate cash proceeds received from a combination of transactions in which noncurrent assets are sold, which may include the sale of a business, an investment in an affiliate (including an equity method investee), property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. Excludes sales of trading, available-for-sale, and held-to-maturity securities. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSalesOfBusinessAffiliateAndProductiveAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_CareservicesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_ReagentsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 64 R35.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range between 3 and 7 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the terms of the lease. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Upon the sale or disposal of property and equipment, any gains or losses are included in operations . X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13(a)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 65 R65.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Advertising Costs (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Advertising Expense $ 48,778 us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense $ 59,330 us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense X - Definition Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 720 -SubTopic 35 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848 + Details Name: us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 66 R22.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 15. Common Stock 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 15. Common Stock 15. Common Stock In April 2014, the Company amended its Certificate of Incorporation increasing the total number of authorized shares of common stock from 50,000,000 shares to 200,000,000 shares. During fiscal year 2014, the Company issued the following shares of common stock: · 3,712,549 shares to settle notes payable and related accrued interest, the value on the date of grant was $2,447,926; · 584,100 shares to the Chief Executive Officer for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $134,897; · 474,000 shares to a former Chief Executive Officer for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $400,585; · 650,000 shares to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for the exercise of modified stock option agreements (the exercise prices were reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $41,311 and the shares vest quarterly over two years; · 15,000 shares to a board member for the exercise of a modified stock option agreement (the exercise price was reduced to $0), the change in value due to the modification was $5,746; · 161,738 shares for notes payable origination fees, the value on the date of grant was $163,170; · 342,930 shares for equity investment finders fees, the value on the date of grant was $342,000; · 6,892 shares to officers of the Company as late fees for unpaid services, the value on the date of grant was $6,892; · 6,924,526 672,000 6,252,526 shares in connection with the conversion of 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock and 893,218 shares of Series D preferred stock; · 271,343 shares to settle accrued dividends for Series C, Series D and Series F preferred stock, the value on the date of grant was $148,244; · 409,000 shares for services provided by independent consultants, the value on the date of grant was $237,800; · 868,136 shares for employee compensation for past services and bonuses, the value on the date of grant was $427,205; · 100,000 shares for services provided by a board member, the value on the date of grant was $85,000; · 5,000,000 shares to the Chief Executive Officer for future services, the value on the date of grant was $2,400,000 and the shares vest quarterly over two years; · 447,500 shares for employee compensation for future services, the value on the date of grant was $256,800 and the shares vest quarterly over two years. 87,500 shares, with a value of $42,000 at the date of grant, were forfeited during fiscal year 2014; · 4,072,334 shares to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for future services, the value on the date of grant was $1,954,720 and the shares vest quarterly over two years. The fair value of unvested common stock as of September 30, 2014 was $4,125,863. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d),(e)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 4 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.C) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187143-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29-31) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 310 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 4.E) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section C Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 4 -Section E Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Article 4 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21506-112644 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Preferred Stock -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6521494 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30, 31 -Article 5 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21564-112644 Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21488-112644 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21484-112644 Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph d -Article 4 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 67 R36.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Goodwill (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Goodwill Goodwill Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The annual testing date is September 30. The identification and measurement of goodwill impairment involves the estimation of the fair value of our reporting units. The estimates of fair value of reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporate management assumptions about expected future cash flows. Future cash flows can be affected by changes in industry or market conditions. Goodwill was not impaired as of September 30, 2014 or 2013. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill, how reporting units are determined, how goodwill is allocated to such units, and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 350 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35741047&loc=d3e13816-109267 + Details Name: us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsGoodwillPolicy Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 68 R24.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 17. Segment Information 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 17. Segment Information 17. Segment Information The Company operated two business segments during fiscal year 2014 based primarily on the nature of the Companys products. The Chronic Illness Monitoring segment is engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile monitoring of patient vital signs and physical activity to insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies. The customer contracts and equipment leased to customers of the CareServices segment were sold in December 2014. The CareServices segment was engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile health monitoring and concierge services to distributors and consumers. The Company previously operated a reagents business which was sold in June 2013. The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in the reagents business. At the corporate level, the Company raises capital and provides for the administrative operations of the Company as a whole. The following table reflects certain financial information relating to each reportable segment for fiscal years 2014 and 2013: Corporate Chronic Illness Monitoring CareServices Reagents Total Fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 Sales to external customers $ - $ 6,107,941 $ 1,003,238 $ - $ 7,111,179 Segment loss (9,957,268) (2,051,752) (1,452,567) - (13,461,587) Interest expense, net 1,936,039 - - - 1,936,039 Segment assets 550,370 4,134,403 737,012 - 5,421,785 Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 70,603 - - - 70,603 Depreciation and amortization 92,823 57,220 972,819 - 1,122,862 Fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 Sales to external customers $ - $ 4,245,404 $ 1,660,544 $ 351,645 $ 6,257,593 Segment loss (21,986,526) (1,966,613) (3,179,151) (5,312) (27,137,602) Interest expense, net 5,583,932 - - - 5,583,932 Segment assets 600,892 7,416,759 2,291,121 - 10,308,772 Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 243,273 - 241,527 888 485,688 Depreciation and amortization 124,269 114,440 984,663 9,362 1,232,734 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 29 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8864-108599 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 32 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8933-108599 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8844-108599 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8538-108599 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8380-108599 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 34 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8981-108599 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 35 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8984-108599 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 41 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9038-108599 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8906-108599 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 42 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9054-108599 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 31 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8924-108599 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 40 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e9031-108599 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 33 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8971-108599 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 280 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6534315&loc=d3e8595-108599 + Details Name: us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 69 R68.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Assets of discontinued operations, current $ 712,403 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent $ 0 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent Assets of discontinued operations 0 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent 2,217,852 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent Equipment Leased to Other Party Assets of discontinued operations, current 111,435 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_EquipmentLeasedToOtherPartyMember Assets of discontinued operations 273,631 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent / us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis = us-gaap_EquipmentLeasedToOtherPartyMember Customer Contracts Assets of discontinued operations, current 569,250 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember Assets of discontinued operations 1,377,301 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember Patents Assets of discontinued operations, current 31,718 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember Assets of discontinued operations $ 566,920 us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember X - Definition Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of, expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1107-107759 + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The aggregate value (measured at the lower of net carrying value or fair value less cost of disposal) for noncurrent assets (assets with expected useful life longer than one year or one operating cycle, whichever is longer) of a disposal group, including a component of the entity (discontinued operation), to be sold or that has subsequently been disposed of through sale, as of the financial statement date. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationNoncurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_PatentsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_EquipmentLeasedToOtherPartyMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 70 Show.js IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /** * Rivet Software Inc. * * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software, Inc. All rights reserved. * Version 2.4.0.3 * */ var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null, Show.hideAR = function(){ Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
}; Show.showAR = function ( link, id, win ){ if( Show.LastAR ){ Show.hideAR(); } var ref = link; do { ref = ref.nextSibling; } while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE'); if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') { var tmp = win ? win.document.getElementById(id) : document.getElementById(id); if( tmp ){ ref = tmp.cloneNode(true); ref.id = ''; link.parentNode.appendChild(ref); } } if( ref ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; Show.LastAR = ref; }
}; Show.toggleNext = function( link ){ var ref = link; do{ ref = ref.nextSibling; }while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' ); if( ref.style && ref.style.display && ref.style.display == 'none' ){ ref.style.display = 'block'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+', '-' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+', '-' ); } }else{ ref.style.display = 'none'; if( link.textContent ){ link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-', '+' ); }else{ link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-', '+' ); } }
}; XML 71 R7.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss $ (13,461,587) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ (27,137,602) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 1,122,862 us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization 1,232,734 us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization (Gain) loss on derivatives liability (373,293) us-gaap_LossOnDerivativeInstrumentsPretax 333,406 us-gaap_LossOnDerivativeInstrumentsPretax Stock-based compensation expense 3,378,938 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation 2,159,828 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation Stock and warrants issued for services 206,441 fil_StockAndWarrantsIssuedForServices 1,286,999 fil_StockAndWarrantsIssuedForServices Stock and warrants issued for interest expense 883,118 fil_StockAndWarrantsIssuedForInterestExpense 601,220 fil_StockAndWarrantsIssuedForInterestExpense Amortization of debt discounts 919,032 us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium 3,097,009 us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium Loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock 114,098 fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock 9,355,587 fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock Impairment of long-lived assets 497,792 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse 0 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Loss on disposal of property and equipment 61,239 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfProperty 200,149 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfProperty Gain on sale of discontinued operations 0 us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfProperty (55,096) us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfProperty Inventory reduction for obsolescence 1,660,729 us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown 0 us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Change in accounts receivable 216,668 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable (1,290,312) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable Change in inventory 1,367,477 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories (4,440,258) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories Change in prepaid expenses and other (48,494) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets (16,822) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Change in accounts payable (1,193,106) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade 5,787,603 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade Change in accrued expenses 157,652 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities 23,174 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities Change in deposits and other assets 77,355 us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDepositOtherAssets (82,316) us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDepositOtherAssets Net cash used in operating activities (4,413,079) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities (8,944,697) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment (70,043) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMachineryAndEquipment (249,771) us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMachineryAndEquipment Cash used to dispose of property and equipment (29,078) fil_CashUsedToDisposeOfPropertyAndEquipment 0 fil_CashUsedToDisposeOfPropertyAndEquipment Purchases of equipment leased to customers 0 fil_PurchasesOfEquipmentLeasedToCustomers (235,917) fil_PurchasesOfEquipmentLeasedToCustomers Proceeds from sale of discontinued operations 0 fil_ProceedsFromSaleOfDiscontinuedOperations 184,318 fil_ProceedsFromSaleOfDiscontinuedOperations Proceeds from sale of equipment 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfMachineryAndEquipment 4,900 us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfMachineryAndEquipment Net cash used in investing activities (99,121) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities (296,470) us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from the sale of preferred stock, net 3,580,771 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock Proceeds from the sale of common stock, net 0 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock 981,500 us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Proceeds from related-party notes payable, net 2,801,166 us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt 5,720,799 us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt Proceeds from notes payable, net 680,000 us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable 3,790,496 us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable Principal payments on related-party notes payable (1,204,166) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt (198,606) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt Principal payments on notes payable (1,036,809) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable (1,341,755) us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable Payment of dividends (335,570) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends (17,271) us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends Net cash provided by financing activities 4,485,392 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities 8,935,163 us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities Net decrease in cash (26,808) us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease (306,004) us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease Cash, beginning of the year 223,835 us-gaap_Cash 529,839 us-gaap_Cash Cash, end of the year 197,027 us-gaap_Cash 223,835 us-gaap_Cash Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest 219,717 us-gaap_InterestPaidNet 745,423 us-gaap_InterestPaidNet Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: Related-party notes payable converted to common stock 1,782,738 fil_RelatedPartyNotesPayableConvertedToCommonStock Dividends on preferred stock and related interest 737,138 fil_DividendsOnPreferredStockAndRelatedInterest 320,868 fil_DividendsOnPreferredStockAndRelatedInterest Notes payable converted to preferred stock 633,254 fil_NotesPayableConvertedToPreferredStock Issuance of stock and options for loan origination fees 370,633 fil_IssuanceOfStockAndOptionsForLoanOriginationFees 2,252,376 fil_IssuanceOfStockAndOptionsForLoanOriginationFees Conversion of notes payable into common stock 325,000 fil_ConversionOfNotesPayableIntoCommonStock Liability to issue shares of common stock for loan origination fees 234,793 fil_LiabilityToIssueSharesOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFees Issuance of stock for dividends 144,642 fil_IssuanceOfStockForDividends 318,445 fil_IssuanceOfStockForDividends Reclassification of derivatives liability to equity 0 fil_ReclassificationOfDerivativesLiabilityToEquity 4,484,801 fil_ReclassificationOfDerivativesLiabilityToEquity Conversion of notes payable to debentures 0 fil_ConversionOfNotesPayableToDebentures 1,920,797 fil_ConversionOfNotesPayableToDebentures Issuance of derivatives 0 us-gaap_PaymentsOfDerivativeIssuanceCosts 1,410,147 us-gaap_PaymentsOfDerivativeIssuanceCosts Issuance of common and prefered stock for settlement of liabilities 0 fil_IssuanceOfCommonAndPreferedStockForSettlementOfLiabilities 991,750 fil_IssuanceOfCommonAndPreferedStockForSettlementOfLiabilities Issuance of stock for prepaid expenses $ 0 fil_IssuanceOfStockForPrepaidExpenses $ 14,899 fil_IssuanceOfStockForPrepaidExpenses X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CashUsedToDisposeOfPropertyAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfNotesPayableIntoCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfNotesPayableToDebentures Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_DividendsOnPreferredStockAndRelatedInterest Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfCommonAndPreferedStockForSettlementOfLiabilities Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfStockAndOptionsForLoanOriginationFees Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfStockForDividends Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfStockForPrepaidExpenses Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_LiabilityToIssueSharesOfCommonStockForLoanOriginationFees Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_NotesPayableConvertedToPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ProceedsFromSaleOfDiscontinuedOperations Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_PurchasesOfEquipmentLeasedToCustomers Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ReclassificationOfDerivativesLiabilityToEquity Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_RelatedPartyNotesPayableConvertedToCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_StockAndWarrantsIssuedForInterestExpense Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_StockAndWarrantsIssuedForServices Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of noncash expense included in interest expense to amortize debt discount and premium associated with the related debt instruments. Excludes amortization of financing costs. Alternate captions include noncash interest expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6451184&loc=d3e28541-108399 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.8) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 8 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AmortizationOfDebtDiscountPremium Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Cash -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6506951 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_Cash Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_CashFlowNoncashInvestingAndFinancingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in cash. Cash is the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Includes effect from exchange rate changes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 830 -SubTopic 230 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450594&loc=d3e33268-110906 + Details Name: us-gaap_CashPeriodIncreaseDecrease Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The gains (losses) included in results of operations resulting from the sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment, which do not qualify for treatment as discontinued operations. This item does not include any gain (loss) recognized on the sale of oil and gas property or timber property. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfProperty Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of oil and gas property or timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfProperty Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long lived assets held for use (including those held for disposal by means other than sale). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 958 -SubTopic 225 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28367520&loc=d3e92212-112881 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Impairment -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515133 + Details Name: us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise, materials, supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in moneys or securities given as security including, but not limited to, contract, escrow, or earnest money deposits, retainage (if applicable), deposits with clearing organizations and others, collateral, or margin deposits. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInDepositOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows, for example, deferred expenses, intangible assets, or income taxes. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of cash paid for interest during the period net of cash paid for interest that is capitalized. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367179&loc=d3e4297-108586 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestPaidNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Charge to cost of goods sold that represents the reduction of the carrying amount of inventory, generally attributable to obsolescence or market conditions. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28360613&loc=d3e4542-108314 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate loss on all derivative instruments charged against earnings during the period, before tax effects. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5618551-113959 + Details Name: us-gaap_LossOnDerivativeInstrumentsPretax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 26 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3574-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 24 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3521-108585 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3536-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for cost incurred directly with the issuance of a derivative security. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsOfDerivativeIssuanceCosts Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders, preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for acquisition of machinery and equipment. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 13 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3213-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireMachineryAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from the additional capital contribution to the entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Proceeds from issuance of capital stock which provides for a specific dividend that is paid to the shareholders before any dividends to common stockholders and which takes precedence over common stockholders in the event of liquidation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfPreferredStockAndPreferenceStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a borrowing supported by a written promise to pay an obligation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from a long-term borrowing made from related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates, owners or officers and their immediate families, pension trusts, and so forth. Alternate caption: Proceeds from Advances from Affiliates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 14 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3255-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromRelatedPartyDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash inflow from sale of machinery and equipment. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Investing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6516133 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 12 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3179-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfMachineryAndEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for a borrowing supported by a written promise to pay an obligation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The cash outflow for the payment of a long-term borrowing made from a related party where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates, owners or officers and their immediate families, pension trusts, and so forth. Alternate caption: Payments for Advances from Affiliates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3291-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Financing Activities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6513228 + Details Name: us-gaap_RepaymentsOfRelatedPartyDebt Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of noncash, equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options, amortization of restricted stock or units, and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash, this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 72 R3.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Balance Sheets Parenthetical (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Consolidated Balance Sheets Parenthetical Preferred stock par value $ 0.00001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.00001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Preferred stock shares authorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Preferred stock shares outstanding 120,431 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding 1,479,941 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Common stock par value $ 0.00001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.00001 us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Common stock shares authorized 200,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized 200,000,000 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Common stock shares outstanding 45,815,351 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding 21,775,303 us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding X - Details Name: fil_ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParentheticalAbstract Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of common stock. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant XML 73 R17.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 10. Related-party Notes Payable 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 10. Related-party Notes Payable 10. Related-Party Notes Payable The Company had the following related-party notes payable outstanding as of September 30: 2014 2013 Secured borrowings from entities controlled by an officer of the Company that purchased a $2,813,175 customer receivable for $1,710,500. The Company may buy back the receivable for $1,950,000 less cash received by the entities before March 2015. The $239,500 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $253,500 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. $ 1,639,500 $ - Secured borrowings from the Chairman of the Board of Directors who purchased a $422,000 customer receivable for $250,000. The Company may buy back the receivable for $291,667 less any cash payments before June 2015. The $41,667 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $25,000 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. 291,667 - Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due June 2012, currently in default. The note included a $3,000 loan origination fee added to the principal and is convertible into common stock at $0.50 per share. 30,000 33,000 Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013, currently in default, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share. 26,721 26,721 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by the Companys Chairman, interest at 12%, due on demand, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share. The Company issued 17,500 shares of common stock as loan origination fees. The $26,250 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. In December 2013, $160,000 of the note was converted to common stock. 15,000 175,000 Unsecured note payable to an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due on demand. 13,644 13,644 Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due September 2013. The Company issued 60,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $93,000) as loan origination fees. The notes and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 600,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013. The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $38,100) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 300,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013. The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $37,500) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 300,000 Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due April 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 200,000 Unsecured note payable with no interest to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 150,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12% (18% after due date), due June 2013. The Company issued 5,600 shares of Series D preferred stock (fair value of $56,252) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 82,500 Unsecured notes payable with no interest to an individual related to an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 10,000 Series B unsecured debenture to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due December 2015. The debenture and accrued interest were converted to common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 5,270 Total notes payable, related-party, before discount 2,016,532 1,896,135 Less discount (346,912) (3,720) Total notes payable, related-party $ 1,669,620 $ 1,892,415 X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39622-107864 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph b -Article 3A Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph k -Article 4 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 850 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39678-107864 + Details Name: us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 74 R1.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Document and Entity Information (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Jan. 12, 2015 Mar. 31, 2014 Document and Entity Information Entity Registrant Name ACTIVECARE, INC. Document Type 10-K Document Period End Date Sep. 30, 2014 Amendment Flag false Entity Central Index Key 0001429896 Current Fiscal Year End Date --09-30 Entity Filer Category Smaller Reporting Company Entity Current Reporting Status Yes Entity Voluntary Filers No Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer No Document Fiscal Year Focus 2014 Document Fiscal Period Focus FY Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding 47,264,183 dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Entity Public Float $ 13,000,000 dei_EntityPublicFloat X - Definition If the value is true, then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_AmendmentFlag Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:booleanItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gMonthDayItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY, Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, H1, H2, M9, T1, T2, T3, M8, CY. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:fiscalPeriodItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:gYearItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented. If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:dateItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word "Other". + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_DocumentType Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:submissionTypeItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityCentralIndexKey Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:centralIndexKeyItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer, (2) Accelerated Filer, (3) Non-accelerated Filer, (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityFilerCategory Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:filerCategoryItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold, or average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityPublicFloat Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation 12B -Number 240 -Section 12b -Subsection 1 + Details Name: dei_EntityRegistrantName Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: xbrli:normalizedStringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Indicate "Yes" or "No" if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A. + References No definition available. + Details Name: dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer Namespace Prefix: dei_ Data Type: dei:yesNoItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: fil_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 75 R18.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock 11. Loss on Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock During 2014 and 2013, the Company offered an induced conversion rate to all debt holders of $0.75 of debt per share of common stock, which was below the market price of the stock. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, debt and accrued interest of approximately $381,000 and $10,004,000, respectively, were converted to shares of common stock. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, debt and accrued interest due to related parties of approximately $1,946,000 were converted to shares of common stock at $0.60 of debt per share of common stock, which was below the market price of the stock. The Company also offered the private placement of common stock to existing investors at $0.75 per share, which was below the market price. The difference between the offered price and the market price of all common stock issued was approximately $114,000114,098 and $9,356,0009,355,587 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and is recorded as a loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock. X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock1 Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 76 R80.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 14. Preferred Stock (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Sep. 30, 2012 Preferred stock shares authorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized 10,000,000 us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Preferred stock par value $ 0.00001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare $ 0.00001 us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Series C stock shares issued in purchase of patents 480,000 fil_SeriesCPreferredStockSharesIssuedInPurchaseOfPatents (480,000) fil_SeriesCPreferredStockSharesIssuedInPurchaseOfPatents Dividends payable $ 246,738 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent $ 3,471 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions 83,473 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions 614,765 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions Dividends paid to Series E Shareholders 258,284 fil_DividendsPaidToSeriesEShareholders 17,271 fil_DividendsPaidToSeriesEShareholders Redemption Price of Series E preferred stock 477,829 fil_RedemptionPriceOfSeriesEPreferredStock 601,585 fil_RedemptionPriceOfSeriesEPreferredStock Issuance of Series F preferred stock for cash, net 3,580,771 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNet Related Costs Considered in Conversion of Series F Preferred Stock 675,229 fil_RelatedCostsConsideredInConversionOfSeriesFPreferredStock Issuance of Series F preferred stock for debt conversions 574,592 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversions Cash paid to settle dividends and accrued interest on Series F preferred stock 73,815 fil_CashPaidToSettleDividendsAndAccruedInterestOnSeriesFPreferredStock Series C Preferred Stock Dividends payable 11,367 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember 53,992 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember Common Stock issued to settle accrued dividends 11,599 fil_CommonStockIssuedToSettleAccruedDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember Preferred Stock issued to settle accrued dividends 9,062 fil_PreferredStockIssuedToSettleAccruedDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember Series D Preferred Stock Dividends payable 84,212 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 232,834 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Common Stock issued to settle accrued dividends 85,477 fil_CommonStockIssuedToSettleAccruedDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 143,465 fil_CommonStockIssuedToSettleAccruedDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Preferred Stock issued to settle accrued dividends 5,025 fil_PreferredStockIssuedToSettleAccruedDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares 893,218 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember 50,000 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares (893,218) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember (50,000) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Common stock Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares (6,252,526) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember (250,000) fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Conversion of Series D preferred stock - shares 6,252,526 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember 250,000 fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_CommonStockMember Series E Preferred Stock Dividends payable 320,071 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions 1 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions - shares 8,347 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember 61,723 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember Series F Preferred Stock Dividends payable $ 322,730 us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember Common Stock issued to settle accrued dividends 184,541 fil_CommonStockIssuedToSettleAccruedDividends / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series F preferred stock for debt conversions - shares 858 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember Issuance of Series F preferred stock for cash, net - shares 4,503 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNetShares / us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis = us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CashPaidToSettleDividendsAndAccruedInterestOnSeriesFPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CommonStockIssuedToSettleAccruedDividends Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfSeriesDPreferredStockShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_DividendsPaidToSeriesEShareholders Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNet Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNetShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversions Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversionsShares Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_PreferredStockIssuedToSettleAccruedDividends Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_RedemptionPriceOfSeriesEPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_RelatedCostsConsideredInConversionOfSeriesFPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_SeriesCPreferredStockSharesIssuedInPurchaseOfPatents Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of dividends declared but unpaid on equity securities issued by the entity and outstanding. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Liabilities -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509677 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28358313&loc=d3e6935-107765 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Definition Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesDPreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesEPreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_SeriesFPreferredStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 77 R90.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 19. Commitments and Contingencies (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Operating Leases, Rent Expense, Net $ 279,000 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet $ 225,000 us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet X - Definition Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases, including minimum and any contingent rent expense, net of related sublease income. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 840 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6453985&loc=d3e41499-112717 + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 78 R4.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statements of Operations (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Consolidated Statements of Operations Chronic Illness Monitoring Revenue $ 6,107,941 us-gaap_Revenues $ 4,245,404 us-gaap_Revenues Chronic Illness Monitoring Cost of Revenue 6,437,943 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue 3,323,011 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Gross profit (loss) (330,002) us-gaap_GrossProfit 922,393 us-gaap_GrossProfit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative (including $3,585,379 and $3,446,827, respectively, of stock-based compensation) 9,800,374 us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense 8,752,277 us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Research and development 215,074 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense 605,170 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Total operating expenses 10,015,448 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses 9,357,447 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Loss from operations (10,345,450) us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss (8,435,054) us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on derivatives liability 373,293 us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet (333,406) us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet Loss on induced conversion of debt and sale of common stock (114,098) fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock (9,355,587) fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock Interest expense, net (1,936,039) us-gaap_InterestExpense (5,583,932) us-gaap_InterestExpense Loss on disposal of property and equipment (42,094) us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment (200,149) us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Other income (expense): 55,368 us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense (45,011) us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense Total other income (expense) (1,663,570) us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet (15,518,085) us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet Loss from continuing operations (12,009,020) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations (23,953,139) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations Loss from discontinued operations (1,452,567) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax (3,184,463) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax Net loss (13,461,587) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss (27,137,602) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Deemed dividends on conversion of preferred stock to common stock (2,234,924) fil_DeemedDividendOnConversionOfPreferredStockToCommonStock 0 fil_DeemedDividendOnConversionOfPreferredStockToCommonStock Dividends on preferred stock (737,138) us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock (320,868) us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Net loss attributable to common stockholders $ (16,433,649) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic $ (27,458,470) us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic Net loss per common share - basic and diluted Continuing operations $ (0.43) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare $ (3.30) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare Discontinued operations $ (0.04) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare $ (0.43) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare Net loss per common share $ (0.47) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted $ (3.73) us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic and diluted 35,010,000 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted 7,369,000 us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_DeemedDividendOnConversionOfPreferredStockToCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of increase (decrease) in the fair value of derivatives recognized in the income statement. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4A -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5618551-113959 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -Subparagraph (a),(c),(d),(e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5624171-113959 + Details Name: us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of paid and unpaid preferred stock dividends declared with the form of settlement in cash, stock and payment-in-kind (PIK). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 405 -Section 45 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817 + Details Name: us-gaap_DividendsPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income or loss for the period per each share in instances when basic and diluted earnings per share are the same amount and reported as a single line item on the face of the financial statements. Basic earnings per share is the amount of net income or loss for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period. Diluted earnings per share includes the amount of net income or loss for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1,2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GrossProfit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the parent. Also defined as revenue less expenses and taxes from ongoing operations before extraordinary items but after deduction of those portions of income or loss from continuing operations that are allocable to noncontrolling interests. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 810 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 18 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7656940&loc=SL4613673-111683 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.13) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The amount of net income (loss) from continuing operations per each basic and diluted share of common stock or unit when the per share amount is the same for both basic and diluted shares. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicAndDilutedShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of income (loss) from a disposal group, net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes, net of tax, income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period, gain (loss) on disposal, provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal, and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.12) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 13 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Per basic and diluted share amount, after tax, of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation, when the per share amount is the same. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicAndDilutedShare Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 9 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Net income after adjustments for dividends on preferred stock (declared in the period) and/or cumulative preferred stock (accumulated for the period). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7655603&loc=d3e1377-109256 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_OtherIncomeAndExpensesAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The net amount of other income and expense amounts, the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement, resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating income (expense) recognized for the period. Such amounts may include: (a) dividends, (b) interest on securities, (c) net gains or losses on securities, (d) unusual costs, (e) gains or losses on foreign exchange transactions, and (f) miscellaneous other income and expense items. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 9 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The net amount of other operating income and expenses, the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement, from items that are associated with the entity's normal revenue producing operations. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes, but is not limited to, investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue, and sales and trading gain (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Revenues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 30 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34747878&loc=d3e3636-108311 + Details Name: us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS). + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfShareOutstandingBasicAndDiluted Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 79 R12.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 5. Customer Contracts 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 5. Customer Contracts 5. Customer Contracts The Company was amortizing Chronic Illness Monitoring customer contracts acquired during 2012 over their estimated useful lives (through 2014). As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the cost associated with these customer contracts was $214,106 and the accumulated amortization was $214,106 and $156,886, respectively. Amortization expense related to these contracts for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $57,220 and $114,440, respectively. The Company sold substantially all of the CareServices customer contracts during December 2014. The Company impaired the CareServices customer contracts as of September 30, 2014 by $89,460, which has been included as part of discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, customer contracts totaled $2,066,316 and $2,155,776, respectively, and the related accumulated amortization was $1,497,067 and $778,475, respectively. Amortization expense related to the CareServices segment for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $718,592 per year. The future customer contract amortization for CareServices as of September 30, 2014 is $179,648, which will be recognized between October 1, 2014 and the date of sale as part of discontinued operations (see Note 4). X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CustomerContracts Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 80 R11.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 4. Discontinued Operations 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 4. Discontinued Operations 4. Discontinued Operations In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment. Additional equipment in stock was sold to the buyer pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. The sale included all segment assets that generated revenue related to the CareServices segment. The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in these assets and has ceased incurring costs related to the operations and development of the CareServices segment. This segment was engaged in the business of developing, distributing and marketing mobile health monitoring and concierge services to distributors and consumers. The sale consisted solely of these CareServices assets. The debt secured by the CareServices customer contracts was amended in January 2015 and remains an obligation of the Company (see Note 20). There were no material liabilities of discontinued operations. Assets of discontinued operations consist of the following as of September 30. 2014 2013 Customer contracts, net (Note 5) $ 569,250 $ 1,377,301 Equipment leased to customers, net (Note 6) 111,435 273,631 Patents, net, (Note 7) 31,718 566,920 Total assets of discontinued operations $ 712,403 $ 2,217,852 In June 2013, the Company sold its assets and liabilities related to the reagents segment. This segment was engaged in the business of manufacturing and marketing medical diagnostic stains, solutions and related equipment to hospitals and medical testing labs. The purchaser was a former employee. The sale consisted solely of the Company's reagents business. The Company no longer holds any ownership interest in the reagents segment and has ceased incurring costs related to its operations and development. The sale included all applicable segment assets and liabilities including, accounts receivable, inventory, accounts payable, property, equipment and leased equipment. The purchaser also assumed the lease for general office and warehouse space. As a result of the sale of the CareServices assets and the reagents business, the Company has reflected these two segments as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements for fiscal years 2014 and 2013. The following table summarizes certain operating data for discontinued operations for fiscal years 2014 and 2013: 2014 2013 Revenues: CareServices $ 1,003,238 $ 1,660,544 Reagents - 351,645 Total revenues 1,003,238 2,012,189 Cost of revenues: CareServices 881,753 2,325,226 Reagents - 300,396 Total cost of revenues 881,753 2,625,622 Gross profit (loss) 121,485 (613,433) Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses: CareServices (1,047,629) (2,287,368) Reagents - (111,657) Research and development for CareServices - (227,101) Total operating expenses (1,047,629) (2,626,126) Other income (expense): Impairment of long-lived assets (497,792) - Loss on disposal of property and equipment (18,746) - Other expense (9,885) - Gain on sale of discontinued operations - 55,096 Total other income (expense) for CareServices (526,423) 55,096 Loss from discontinued operations $ (1,452,567) $ (3,184,463) X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the facts and circumstances leading to the completed or expected disposal, manner and timing of disposal, the gain (loss) recognized in the income statement and the income statement caption that includes that gain (loss), amounts of revenues and pretax profit or loss reported in discontinued operations, the segment in which the disposal group was reported, and the classification (whether sold or classified as held for sale) and carrying value of the assets and liabilities comprising the disposal group. Includes all disposal groups, including those classified as components of the entity (discontinued operations). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2941-110230 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1012-107759 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1510-107760 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e1020-107759 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1436-107760 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1474-107760 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2443-110228 + Details Name: us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 81 R23.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants The fair value of each stock option or warrant is estimated on the date of grant using a binomial option-pricing model. The expected life of stock options or warrants represents the period of time that the stock options or warrants are expected to be outstanding, based on the simplified method. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatility of the Companys common stock, among other factors. The Company uses the simplified method within the valuation model due to the Companys short trading history. The risk-free rate related to the expected term of the stock option or warrants is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. The dividend yield is zero. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company measured the fair value of the warrants using a binomial valuation model with the following assumptions: 2014 2013 Exercise price $0.50 - $1.40 $0.75 - 10.00 Expected term (years) 1 - 3 1.5 - 2.5 Volatility 101% - 216% 219% - 298% Risk-free rate 0.11% - 0.92% 0.23% - 0.88% Dividend rate 0% 0% During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company granted the following common stock options and warrants: · Options to purchase 650,000 shares were granted to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company for notes payable and accrued interest converted into common stock, with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The Company recognized $590,887 of interest expense during the three months ended December 31, 2013. During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the exercise prices were reduced to $0 per share; · Options to purchase 450,000 shares were granted to a note holder with an exercise price of $1.00 per share. The options expire in October 2018. The Company recognized $143,634 as debt discount, which is being amortized over the life of the note payable; · Options to purchase 856,977 shares were granted to two note holders for converting debt into common stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in December 2018; · Options to purchase 3,669,120 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in December 2018; · Options to purchase 1,424,025 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in January 2018; · Options to purchase 1,008,000 shares were granted in connection with the sale of Series F preferred stock with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in February 2019; · Options to purchase 1,000,000 shares were granted to a board member for services, with an exercise price of $0.50 per share. The shares vest based on the Company obtaining new member targets, specifically 100,000 options vest for each new 5,000 members. The options expire in June 2019. · Options to purchase 90,000 shares were granted to two related parties for services, with an exercise price of $1.10 per share. The options expire in June 2019. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company modified the exercise price of options and warrants previously issued to current employees and officers to $0.50 per share. The Company recognized additional expense of $71,942 and deferred $7,960 over the remaining vesting period of the options and warrants. Warrants 1 Warrants 2 Warrants 3 Warrants 4 Warrants 5 Warrants 6 Warrants 7 Warrants 8 Warrants 650000 450000 856977 3669120 1424025 1008000 1000000 90000 Exercise price 1.10 1.00 1.10 1.10 1.10 1.10 0.50 1.10 Interest expense 590887 Debt Discount 143634 The following table summarizes information about stock options and warrants outstanding as of September 30, 2014: Options and Warrants Number of Options and Warrants Weighted-Average Exercise Price Outstanding as of October 1, 2013 3,598,554 $ 1.33 Granted 9,148,122 1.03 Exercised (1,723,100) 0.89 Forfeited (32,000) 1.00 Outstanding as of September 30, 2014 10,991,576 1.05 Exercisable as of September 30, 2014 9,061,576 1.17 As of September 30, 2014, the outstanding warrants have an aggregate intrinsic value of $0, the weighted average remaining term of the warrants was 3.88 years, and the fair value of unvested stock options and warrants was $383,379. X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_StockOptionsAndWarrants Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 82 R19.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 12. Fair Value Measurements 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 12. Fair Value Measurements 12. Fair Value Measurements The Company measured the fair values of its assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy levels as follows: Level 1 The Company does not have any Level 1 inputs available to measure its assets. Level 2 The Companys embedded derivative liabilities are measured on a recurring basis using Level 2 inputs. Level 3 The Companys goodwill is measured using Level 3 inputs. The Companys embedded derivatives liability is re-measured to fair value as of each reporting date until the contingency is resolved. See Note 13 for more information about derivatives and the inputs used for calculating fair value. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined), including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively, as defined), and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments, assets, and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value, disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including, carrying amount, effective interest rate, and maturity, and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity, region, or economic characteristics identifying a concentration, (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item, (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security, and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election, (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings, (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet, the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 21 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13537-108611 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13433-108611 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957238&loc=d3e14064-108612 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 30 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957238&loc=d3e14172-108612 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35750535&loc=d3e13504-108611 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 83 R84.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2014 Details Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Number, Beginning Balance 3,598,554 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber 10,991,576 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price, Beginning Balance $ 1.33 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice $ 1.05 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award, Options, Grants in period 9,148,122 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price $ 1.03 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period (1,723,100) us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price $ 0.89 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Expirations in Period (32,000) us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Expirations in Period, Weighted Average Exercise Price $ 1.00 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number 9,061,576 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Weighted Average Exercise Price $ 1.17 us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice X - Definition The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition The weighted-average price as of the balance sheet date at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance on vested portions of options outstanding and currently exercisable under the stock option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Number of options or other stock instruments for which the right to exercise has lapsed under the terms of the plan agreements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Net number of share options (or share units) granted during the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested options. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Weighted average price at which option holders acquired shares when converting their stock options into shares. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Weighted average price at which grantees could have acquired the underlying shares with respect to stock options of the plan that expired. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Weighted average per share amount at which grantees can acquire shares of common stock by exercise of options. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Article 3 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21463-112644 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28,29) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 718 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6415400&loc=d3e5070-113901 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 29, 30 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 84 R15.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 8. Accrued Expenses 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 8. Accrued Expenses 8. Accrued Expenses Accrued expenses consist of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Liability to issue common stock $ 522,087 $ - Commissions and fees 453,744 88,490 Payroll expense 308,529 272,451 Deferred rent 89,346 55,242 Interest 59,091 211,722 Other 18,534 80,614 Total accrued expenses $ 1,451,331 $ 708,519 X - Definition The entire disclosure for accounts payable and accrued liabilities at the end of the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a),20,24) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20, 24 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 85 R60.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Concentrations of Credit Risk (Details) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Concentration Risk, Customer the Company had revenues from two significant customers which represented 67% of total revenues the Company had revenues from one significant customer which represented 44% of total revenues. Concentration Risk, Accounts Receivable 80.00% fil_ConcentrationRiskAccountsReceivable 82.00% fil_ConcentrationRiskAccountsReceivable X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConcentrationRiskAccountsReceivable Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Description of risks that arise due to the volume of business transacted with a particular customer. At a minimum, the description informs financial statement users of the general nature of the risk, but excludes "Information about Major Customers" that may be disclosed elsewhere (for instance, segment disclosures). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 16 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6327-108592 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6404-108592 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 275 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 18 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6927468&loc=d3e6351-108592 + Details Name: us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCustomer Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 86 R13.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure 6. Property and Equipment Property and equipment consist of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Leasehold improvements $ 151,287 $ 145,147 Software 100,574 87,361 Furniture 69,776 32,855 Equipment 54,732 255,339 Equipment leased to customers - - Total property and equipment 376,369 520,702 Accumulated depreciation and amortization (156,293) (223,973) Property and equipment, net $ 220,076 $ 296,729 Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amounts or fair values, less the estimated costs to sell or dispose. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded a loss on the disposal of assets of $61,239 and $200,149, respectively. The Company disposed of $25,832 of assets related to the sale of the reagents segment during fiscal year 2013. Subsequent to September 30, 2014, the Company sold all of its equipment leased to customers (see Note 4). Depreciation expense for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $219,465 and $272,117, respectively. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, accounting policies and methodology, roll forwards, depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, including composite depreciation, accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization expense, useful lives and method used, income statement disclosures, assets held for sale and public utility disclosures. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13-14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 87 R14.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 7. Patent License Agreement 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 7. Patent License Agreement 7. Patent License Agreement During fiscal year 2009, the Company licensed the use of certain patents from a third party. Under the license agreement, the Company was required to pay $300,000 plus a 5% royalty on the net sales of all licensed products. As of September 30, 2009, the Company had capitalized the initial license fee as a long-term asset and had recorded a corresponding current liability as the fee was not yet paid. During fiscal year 2012, the Company agreed to purchase the related patents and settle amounts owed under the license agreement by issuing 600,000 shares of common stock and 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock. The patents were valued at $922,378, based on a valuation performed by an independent third party. The value of the common stock issued was $240,000, based on the market price of the common stock on the date of issuance. The implied value of the Series C was $682,378, which was based on the difference between the value of the patents and the common stock issued in settlement of the existing liability. The Company is amortizing the patents over their remaining useful lives . Amortization expense for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was $126,870. The Company impaired the patents as of September 30, 2014 by $408,332, which has been included as part of discontinued operations for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 (see Note 4). As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the cost associated with the patents was $514,046 and $922,378, respectively, and the accumulated amortization was $482,328 and $355,458, respectively. The Companys future patent amortization as of September 30, 2014, is $31,718 which will be recognized between October 1, 2014 and the date of sale, December 31, 2014, as part of discontinued operations. X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_PatentLicenseAgreement Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 88 R16.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 9. Notes Payable 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 9. Notes Payable 9. Notes Payable The Company had the following notes payable outstanding as of September 30: 2014 2013 Note payable secured by CareServices customer contracts, imputed interest rate of 12%, monthly installments over a 38-month term. In March 2013, the Company issued 15,000 shares of common stock to extend the term of the note. The $24,000 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the note. In January 2015, the note was amended (see Note 20). $ 1,103,841 $ 1,766,971 Secured borrowings from third parties that purchased a $337,600 customer receivable for $200,000. The Company may buy back the receivable for $233,333 less any cash payments before June 2015. The $33,333 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $20,000 of commission, paid to a related party, is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. 233,333 - Unsecured note payable with no interest, due March 2015. In connection with the issuance of the note, the Company issued warrants to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock. The $143,634 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. The note also requires a payment of 667,000 shares of common stock at the end of the term (fair value of $230,293), which is recorded as an accrued expense. 200,000 - Unsecured notes with interest at 15% (18% after due date), due April 2013. The Company issued 20,000 shares of Series D preferred stock as loan origination fees. The $195,000 fair value of the preferred stock was amortized over the original term of the note. Principal of $50,000 and accrued interest of $13,333 were converted to common stock in December 2013. 64,261 185,476 Notes payable with interest at 12%, secured by the Company's assets, due August 2014. The Company issued warrants to purchase 36,667 shares of common stock (fair value of $51,452) as due diligence fees and issued 25,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $31,250) to a related party as consideration for a personal guarantee. The notes and accrued interest were converted to Series F preferred stock in December 2013. - 550,000 Unsecured note with interest at 12%, due March 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013. - 250,000 Series A debenture loan payable with interest at 12%, secured by customer contracts, payable in monthly installments, and due February 2016. The debenture was converted to Series E preferred stock in October 2013. - 85,719 Unsecured note with interest at 15%, due March 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013. - 25,000 Total notes payable before discount 1,601,435 2,863,166 Less discount (169,450) (528,663) Total notes payable 1,431,985 2,334,503 Less current portion (1,212,937) (1,278,585) Notes payable, net of current portion $ 219,048 $ 1,055,918 As of September 30, 2014, s cheduled principal payments on notes payable are as follows: Years Ending September 30, 2015 $ 1,212,937 2016 219,048 $ 1,431,985 X - Definition The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 505 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6928386&loc=d3e21475-112644 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 19, 20, 22 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19,20,22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 89 R64.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Research and Development Costs (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Research and development $ 215,074 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense $ 605,170 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense X - Definition The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 90 R85.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 17. Segment Information: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Net loss $ (13,461,587) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss $ (27,137,602) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Interest expense, net 1,936,039 us-gaap_InterestExpense 5,583,932 us-gaap_InterestExpense Total assets 5,421,785 us-gaap_Assets 10,308,772 us-gaap_Assets Corporate Net loss (9,957,268) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember (21,986,526) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember Interest expense, net 1,936,039 us-gaap_InterestExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember 5,583,932 us-gaap_InterestExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember Total assets 550,370 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember 600,892 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 70,603 fil_FixedAssetsAndLeasedEquipmentPurchases / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember 243,273 fil_FixedAssetsAndLeasedEquipmentPurchases / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction 92,823 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember 124,269 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = us-gaap_CorporateMember Chronic Illness Monitoring Revenue, Net 6,107,941 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 4,245,404 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Net loss (2,051,752) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember (1,966,613) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Total assets 4,134,403 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 7,416,759 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction 57,220 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember 114,440 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember CareServices Revenue, Net 1,003,238 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember 1,660,544 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Net loss (1,452,567) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember (3,179,151) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Total assets 737,012 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember 2,291,121 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 241,527 fil_FixedAssetsAndLeasedEquipmentPurchases / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction 972,819 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember 984,663 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Reagents Revenue, Net 351,645 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember Net loss (5,312) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 888 fil_FixedAssetsAndLeasedEquipmentPurchases / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction 9,362 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember Total Revenue, Net 7,111,179 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember 6,257,593 us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember Net loss (13,461,587) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember (27,137,602) us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember Interest expense, net 1,936,039 us-gaap_InterestExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember 5,583,932 us-gaap_InterestExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember Total assets 5,421,785 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember 10,308,772 us-gaap_Assets / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember Fixed assets and leased equipment purchases 70,603 fil_FixedAssetsAndLeasedEquipmentPurchases / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember 485,688 fil_FixedAssetsAndLeasedEquipmentPurchases / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Nonproduction $ 1,122,862 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember $ 1,232,734 us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_TotalMember X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_FixedAssetsAndLeasedEquipmentPurchases Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 12 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 18 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Assets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: instant X - Definition The current period expense charged against earnings on long-lived, physical assets not used in production, and which are not intended for resale, to allocate or recognize the cost of such assets over their useful lives; or to record the reduction in book value of an intangible asset over the benefit period of such asset; or to reflect consumption during the period of an asset that is not used in production. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_DepreciationAndAmortization Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 835 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 942 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879574&loc=d3e536633-122882 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 9 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_InterestExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6519514 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Net Income -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6518256 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 19 -Article 5 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 20 -Article 9 + Details Name: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Total revenue from sale of goods and services rendered during the reporting period, in the normal course of business, reduced by sales returns and allowances, and sales discounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_SalesRevenueNet Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_CareservicesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_ChronicIllnessMonitoringMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_ReagentsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_TotalMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=us-gaap_CorporateMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 91 R66.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount 17,199,080 us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount 13,127,396 us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount X - Definition Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 260 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Antidilution -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6505113 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Diluted Earnings Per Share -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6510752 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Contingent Stock Agreement -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6508534 + Details Name: us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:sharesItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 92 R63.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Impairment of long-lived assets $ 497,792 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse $ 0 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Customer Contracts | CareServices Impairment of long-lived assets 89,460 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Patents Impairment of long-lived assets $ 408,332 us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse / us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis = us-gaap_PatentsMember X - Definition The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long lived assets held for use (including those held for disposal by means other than sale). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2420-110228 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2921-110230 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 958 -SubTopic 225 -Section 45 -Paragraph 11 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28367520&loc=d3e92212-112881 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Impairment -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6515133 + Details Name: us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerContractsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_PatentsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 93 R34.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Inventory Inventory Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market, cost being determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Inventory is for the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment and consists of diabetic supplies. Inventory held by distributors is reported as inventory until the supplies are shipped to the end user by the distributor. The Company estimates an inventory reserve for obsolescence and excessive quantities. Due to competitive pressures and technological innovation, it is possible that estimates of net realizable values could change in the near term. Inventory consists of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Chronic Illness Monitoring Finished goods $ 589,423 $ 1,249,220 Finished goods held by distributors 2,720,626 3,428,306 Total inventory 3,310,049 4,677,526 Inventory reserve (1,660,729) - Net Inventory $ 1,649,320 $ 4,677,526 X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories, bases of stating inventories (for example, lower of cost or market), methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example, FIFO, LIFO, or average cost), loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost, this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 6 -Subparagraph a -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(b)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28360613&loc=d3e4492-108314 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=28360613&loc=d3e4556-108314 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Financial Reporting Release (FRR) -Number 206 -Paragraph b -Subparagraph i, ii -Chapter 2 + Details Name: us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 94 R51.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 10. Related-party Notes Payable: Schedule of related party notes payable (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of related party notes payable 2014 2013 Secured borrowings from entities controlled by an officer of the Company that purchased a $2,813,175 customer receivable for $1,710,500. The Company may buy back the receivable for $1,950,000 less cash received by the entities before March 2015. The $239,500 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $253,500 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. $ 1,639,500 $ - Secured borrowings from the Chairman of the Board of Directors who purchased a $422,000 customer receivable for $250,000. The Company may buy back the receivable for $291,667 less any cash payments before June 2015. The $41,667 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $25,000 of loan origination fees is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. 291,667 - Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due June 2012, currently in default. The note included a $3,000 loan origination fee added to the principal and is convertible into common stock at $0.50 per share. 30,000 33,000 Unsecured note payable to a former officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013, currently in default, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share. 26,721 26,721 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by the Companys Chairman, interest at 12%, due on demand, and convertible into common stock at $0.75 per share. The Company issued 17,500 shares of common stock as loan origination fees. The $26,250 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. In December 2013, $160,000 of the note was converted to common stock. 15,000 175,000 Unsecured note payable to an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due on demand. 13,644 13,644 Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 15%, due September 2013. The Company issued 60,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $93,000) as loan origination fees. The notes and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 600,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013. The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $38,100) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 300,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due September 2013. The Company issued 30,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $37,500) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 300,000 Unsecured notes payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due April 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 200,000 Unsecured note payable with no interest to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 150,000 Unsecured note payable to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12% (18% after due date), due June 2013. The Company issued 5,600 shares of Series D preferred stock (fair value of $56,252) as loan origination fees. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in December 2013. - 82,500 Unsecured notes payable with no interest to an individual related to an officer of the Company, repaid during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 10,000 Series B unsecured debenture to an entity controlled by an officer of the Company with interest at 12%, due December 2015. The debenture and accrued interest were converted to common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2013. - 5,270 Total notes payable, related-party, before discount 2,016,532 1,896,135 Less discount (346,912) (3,720) Total notes payable, related-party $ 1,669,620 $ 1,892,415 X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyNotesPayable Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 95 R21.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 14. Preferred Stock 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 14. Preferred Stock 14. Preferred Stock The Company is authorized to issue 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, with a par value of $0.00001 per share. Pursuant to the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors has the authority to amend the Companys Certificate of Incorporation, without further stockholder approval, to designate and determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of the preferred stock before any issuance of the preferred stock and to create one or more series of preferred stock, fix the number of shares of each such series, and determine the preferences, limitations and relative rights of each series of preferred stock, including dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption prices, and liquidation preferences. Series C Convertible Preferred Stock As of September 30, 2013, the Company had 480,000 shares of Series C convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding (Series C preferred stock). In December 2013, all 480,000 shares of Series C preferred stock were converted to 672,000 shares of common stock. The conversion rate of 1.4 shares of common stock was greater than the designated conversion rate of one share of common stock and, therefore, the fair value of the additional 192,000 shares was recorded as a deemed dividend. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued $11,367 of dividends on Series C preferred stock and settled the accrued dividends by issuing 11,599 shares of common stock. The Series C preferred stock was non-voting. During fiscal year 2013, the Company issued 9,062 shares of Series D preferred stock for accrued dividends of $53,992 associated with Series C preferred stock. Series D Convertible Preferred Stock The Board of Directors has designated 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock as Series D convertible preferred stock (Series D preferred stock). The Series D preferred stock is voting on an as-converted basis. The Series D preferred stock has a dividend rate of 8%, payable quarterly. The Company may redeem the Series D preferred shares at a redemption price equal to 120% of the original purchase price with 15 days notice. In December 2013, 893,218 shares of Series D preferred stock were converted to 6,252,526 shares of common stock. The conversion rate of 7 shares of common stock was greater than the designated conversion rate of 5 shares of common stock and, therefore, the fair value of the additional 1,786,436 shares was recorded as a deemed dividend. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued $84,212 of dividends on Series D preferred stock and settled $77,961 of the accrued dividends by issuing 85,477 shares of common stock. During fiscal year 2013, the Company accrued $232,834 of dividends on Series D preferred stock and settled the accrued dividends by issuing 5,025 shares of Series D preferred stock and 143,465 shares of common stock. Series E Convertible Preferred Stock During fiscal year 2013, the Board of Directors designated shares of preferred stock as Series E convertible preferred stock (Series E preferred stock). Series E preferred stock is convertible into common stock at $1.00 per share, the conversion price is adjustable if there are distributions of common stock or stock splits by the Company. The designation also provides that the Series E preferred stock is non-voting and receives a monthly dividend of 3.322% for 25 to 32 months. In addition, the convertibility and the redemption price of the Series E preferred stock is gradually reduced by dividend payments over 25 to 32 months. After the dividend payment term, the redemption price of Series E preferred stock is $0, the Series E preferred stock has no convertibility to common stock and the holders are entitled to receive a pro-rata share of cumulative royalties totaling 4% of the Companys gross profits payable quarterly for a two-year period. During fiscal year 2014, $83,473 of debenture loans and accrued interest converted into 8,347 shares of Series E preferred stock. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued dividends of $320,071 to Series E shareholders. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company paid dividends of $258,284 and $17,271, respectively, to Series E shareholders. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, the redemption price for the Series E preferred stock was $477,829 and $601,585, respectively. Series F Convertible Preferred Stock During fiscal year 2014, the Board of Directors designated 7,803 shares of preferred stock as Series F convertible preferred stock (Series F preferred stock). In April 2014, the Company increased the authorized shares of Series F preferred stock to 10,000. Series F preferred stock is non-voting, has a stated value of $1,000 and is convertible into common stock at $1.00 per share subject to a milestone adjustment for the number of subscribers as of December 31, 2014 (see Note 12). The Series F preferred stock has a dividend rate, payable quarterly, of 8% until April 30, 2015, 16% from May 1, 2015 to July 31, 2015, 20% from August 1, 2015 to October 31, 2015 and 25% thereafter. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company issued 5,361 858 4,503 shares of Series F preferred stock for net proceeds of $3,580,771, after considering $675,229 of related costs, and the conversion of $574,592 of debt and accrued interest. During fiscal year 2014, the Company accrued dividends of $322,730 to Series F shareholders. The Company settled $144,030 of dividends plus $3,601 of accrued interest on Series F preferred stock by paying $73,815 in cash and issuing 184,541 shares of common stock. Liquidation Preference Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, before any distribution or payment may be made to the holders of the common stock, the holders of the Series C preferred stock, Series D preferred stock, Series E preferred stock, and Series F preferred stock are entitled to be paid out of the assets an amount equal to $1.00 per share plus all accrued but unpaid dividends. If the assets of the Company are insufficient to make payment in full to all holders of preferred stock, then the assets shall be distributed among the holders of preferred stock ratably in proportion to the full amounts to which they would otherwise be entitled. X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_PreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 96 R26.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 19. Commitments and Contingencies 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 19. Commitments and Contingencies 19. Commitments and Contingencies The Company leases office space under non-cancelable operating leases. Future minimum rental payments under non-cancelable operating leases as of September 30, 2014 were as follows: Years Ending September 30, 2015 $ 308,330 2016 317,580 2017 327,107 2018 280,077 $ 1,233,094 The Companys rent expense for facilities held under non-cancelable operating leases for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 was approximately $279,000 and $225,000, respectively. In May 2013, the Company entered into a settlement agreement and patent license agreement and an agreed motion was filed to dismiss all claims of a lawsuit. The final payment required by the settlement agreement and patent license patent agreement was made in December 2013. X - Definition The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.25) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 825 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6449706&loc=d3e16207-108621 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 460 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6398077&loc=d3e12565-110249 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 450 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=25496072&loc=d3e14435-108349 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 440 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394976&loc=d3e25287-109308 + Details Name: us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 97 R49.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of Debt (Tables) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Tables/Schedules Schedule of Debt 2014 2013 Note payable secured by CareServices customer contracts, imputed interest rate of 12%, monthly installments over a 38-month term. In March 2013, the Company issued 15,000 shares of common stock to extend the term of the note. The $24,000 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the note. In January 2015, the note was amended (see Note 20). $ 1,103,841 $ 1,766,971 Secured borrowings from third parties that purchased a $337,600 customer receivable for $200,000. The Company may buy back the receivable for $233,333 less any cash payments before June 2015. The $33,333 difference between the buyback and cash received plus $20,000 of commission, paid to a related party, is being amortized to interest expense over the buyback term. 233,333 - Unsecured note payable with no interest, due March 2015. In connection with the issuance of the note, the Company issued warrants to purchase 450,000 shares of common stock. The $143,634 fair value of the common stock is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the note. The note also requires a payment of 667,000 shares of common stock at the end of the term (fair value of $230,293), which is recorded as an accrued expense. 200,000 - Unsecured notes with interest at 15% (18% after due date), due April 2013. The Company issued 20,000 shares of Series D preferred stock as loan origination fees. The $195,000 fair value of the preferred stock was amortized over the original term of the note. Principal of $50,000 and accrued interest of $13,333 were converted to common stock in December 2013. 64,261 185,476 Notes payable with interest at 12%, secured by the Company's assets, due August 2014. The Company issued warrants to purchase 36,667 shares of common stock (fair value of $51,452) as due diligence fees and issued 25,000 shares of common stock (fair value of $31,250) to a related party as consideration for a personal guarantee. The notes and accrued interest were converted to Series F preferred stock in December 2013. - 550,000 Unsecured note with interest at 12%, due March 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013. - 250,000 Series A debenture loan payable with interest at 12%, secured by customer contracts, payable in monthly installments, and due February 2016. The debenture was converted to Series E preferred stock in October 2013. - 85,719 Unsecured note with interest at 15%, due March 2013. The note and accrued interest were converted to common stock in November 2013. - 25,000 Total notes payable before discount 1,601,435 2,863,166 Less discount (169,450) (528,663) Total notes payable 1,431,985 2,334,503 Less current portion (1,212,937) (1,278,585) Notes payable, net of current portion $ 219,048 $ 1,055,918 X - Definition Tabular disclosure of information pertaining to short-term and long-debt instruments or arrangements, including but not limited to identification of terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TableTextBlockSupplementAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 98 R41.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Income Taxes (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Income Taxes Income Taxes The Company recognizes deferred income tax assets or liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax assets or liabilities are determined based upon the difference between the financial reporting bases and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply when the differences are expected to be settled or realized. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability and valuation allowances are provided as necessary. As of September 30, 2014, management has provided a 100% allowance against deferred income tax assets as it is more likely than not these assets will not be realized. Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities, when incurred, are classified in interest expense and income tax provision, respectively. X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 19 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32840-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 30 -Section 05 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6423966&loc=d3e40913-109327 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 954 -SubTopic 740 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 17 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32809-109319 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 25 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32247-109318 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32280-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 99 R5.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 Consolidated Statements of Operations Parenthetical (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Consolidated Statements of Operations Parenthetical Compensation expense paid in stock or amortization of stock options and warrants $ 3,585,379 fil_CompensationExpensePaidInStockOrAmortizationOfStockOptionsAndWarrants $ 3,446,827 fil_CompensationExpensePaidInStockOrAmortizationOfStockOptionsAndWarrants X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_CompensationExpensePaidInStockOrAmortizationOfStockOptionsAndWarrants Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: fil_ConsolidatedStatementsOfOperationsParentheticalAbstract Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 100 R88.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit) $ 4,577,000 us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit $ 9,227,000 us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit) 444,000 us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit 896,000 us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Amount 67,000 us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense (954,000) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense Other Tax Expense (Benefit) 135,000 us-gaap_OtherTaxExpenseBenefit Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Amount $ (5,223,000) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance $ (9,169,000) us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance X - Definition Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Paragraph Question 1-7 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34349781&loc=d3e330036-122817 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6509736 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -Subparagraph (a) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 6 -Section I -Subsection 7 + Details Name: us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 20 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=37586315&loc=d3e32123-109318 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible expenses. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 12 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32687-109319 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 13 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32698-109319 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of other income tax expense (benefit). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 08 -Paragraph h -Article 4 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 9 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32639-109319 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 740 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 10 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6907707&loc=d3e32672-109319 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherTaxExpenseBenefit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 101 R10.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Principles of Accounting and Consolidation These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (US GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of ActiveCare and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated. Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the balance sheet dates and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from these estimates. In May 2013, the Company effected a 10-for-1 reverse common stock split. The consolidated financial statements and notes for all periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the reverse common stock split. Discontinued Operations In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment to a third party. Additional equipment in stock was sold to another third party pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to CareServices of $1,452,567 and $3,179,151, respectively. In June 2013, the Company sold the net assets and operations of its reagents segment to a third party for $184,318 in cash. During fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company recognized a loss from discontinued operations related to its reagents segment of $0 and $5,312, respectively. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The Company measured the fair values of its assets and liabilities using the US GAAP hierarchy. The carrying amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets for cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and accrued liabilities approximate fair values due to the short-term nature and liquidity of these financial instruments. Derivative financial instruments are recorded at fair value based on current market pricing models. The carrying amounts reported for notes payable approximate fair value because the underlying instruments are at interest rates which approximate current market rates. Concentrations of Credit Risk The Company has cash in bank accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in these accounts. In the normal course of business, the Company provides credit terms to its customers and requires no collateral. The Company performs ongoing credit evaluations of its customers financial condition. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts receivable based upon managements specific review and assessment of each account at the period end. During fiscal year 2014, the Company had revenues from two significant customers which represented 67% of total revenues. During fiscal year 2013, the Company had revenues from one significant customer which represented 44% of total revenues. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, accounts receivable from significant customers represented 80% and 82% of total accounts receivable, respectively. During the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, the Company purchased substantially all of its products and supplies from one vendor. Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable are carried at original invoice amount less an estimate made for doubtful accounts. Specific reserves are estimated by management based on certain assumptions and variables, including the customers financial condition, age of the customers receivables and changes in payment histories. Accounts receivable are written off when management determines the likelihood of collection is remote. A receivable is considered to be past due if any portion of the receivable balance has not been received by the contractual payment date. Interest is not charged on accounts receivable that are past due. The Company recorded an allowance for doubtful accounts of $115,994 and $76,544 as of September 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Inventory Inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market, cost being determined using the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method. Inventory is for the Chronic Illness Monitoring segment and consists of diabetic supplies. Inventory held by distributors is reported as inventory until the supplies are shipped to the end user by the distributor. The Company estimates an inventory reserve for obsolescence and excessive quantities. Due to competitive pressures and technological innovation, it is possible that estimates of net realizable values could change in the near term. Inventory consists of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Chronic Illness Monitoring Finished goods $ 589,423 $ 1,249,220 Finished goods held by distributors 2,720,626 3,428,306 Total inventory 3,310,049 4,677,526 Inventory reserve (1,660,729) - Net Inventory $ 1,649,320 $ 4,677,526 Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation and amortization are determined using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which range between 3 and 7 years. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful lives of the assets or the terms of the lease. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are expensed as incurred. Upon the sale or disposal of property and equipment, any gains or losses are included in operations . Goodwill Goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. The annual testing date is September 30. The identification and measurement of goodwill impairment involves the estimation of the fair value of our reporting units. The estimates of fair value of reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment, which primarily incorporate management assumptions about expected future cash flows. Future cash flows can be affected by changes in industry or market conditions. Goodwill was not impaired as of September 30, 2014 or 2013. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated economic lives of the assets, which range from two to twenty years. Long-lived assets, including intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. The Company impaired its CareServices customer contracts by $89,460 and patents by $408,332 as of September 30, 2014, which were recorded as part of discontinued operations related to the CareServices segment for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014. The impairment of the customer contracts is due to their sales price being lower than the net book value as of the date of sale. The patents impaired were solely related to the CareServices segment and provide no future cash flows after the CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers were sold in December 2014. The Companys other long-lived assets were not impaired as of September 30, 2014. No long-lived assets were impaired as of September 30, 2013. Revenue Recognition Historically, revenues were from three sources: (1) sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring services and supplies; (2) sales from CareServices; (3) sales of medical diagnostic stains from the Reagents segment. The CareServices segment was sold in December 2014 and the Reagents segment was sold in June 2013. Information regarding revenue recognition policies relating to these business segments is contained in the following paragraphs. Chronic Illness Monitoring Chronic Illness Monitoring revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the product or service to the end user has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. The Company enters into agreements with insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies (collectively, the customers) to lower medical expenses by distributing diabetic testing products and supplies to employees (end users) covered by their health plans or the health plans they manage. Cash is due from the customer or the end users health plan as the products and supplies are deployed to the end user. The Company also monitors the end users test results in real-time with its 24x7 CareCenter. Customers who are billed separately for monitoring are obligated to pay as the service is performed and revenue is recognized ratably over the period of the contract. The term of these contracts is generally one year and, unless terminated by either party, automatically renew for another year. Collection terms are net 30 days after claims are submitted. There is no contingent revenue in these contracts. The Company also enters into agreements with distributors who take title to products and distribute those products to end users. Delivery is considered to occur when the supplies are delivered by the distributor to the end user. Cash is due from the distributor, the customer or the end users health plan as initial products are deployed to the end user. Subsequent sales (resupplies) are shipped directly from the Company to the end user and cash is due from the customer or the end users health plan. Shipping and handling fees are typically not charged to end users. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues. Sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services contain multiple deliverables. Multiple-Element Arrangements The Company evaluates each element in a multiple-element arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. In order to account for elements in a multiple-element arrangement as separate units of accounting, the deliverables must have stand-alone value upon delivery. In determining whether monitoring services have stand-alone value, the nature of the monitoring services, whether supplies are sold to new customers without monitoring services, and availability of monitoring services from the other vendors is considered. During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the Company began to provide enhanced monitoring services to a key customer, for which the Company receives a separate monthly monitoring fee. When multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separable into different units of accounting, the arrangement consideration is allocated to the identified separate units of accounting based on their relative selling price. Multiple-element arrangements accounting guidance provides a hierarchy to use when determining the relative selling price for each unit of accounting. Vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of selling price, based on the price at which the item is regularly sold by the vendor on a stand-alone basis, should be used if it exists. If VSOE of selling price is not available, third-party evidence (TPE) of selling price is used to establish the selling price if it exists. If VSOE of selling price and TPE of selling price are not available, then the best estimate of selling price (BESP) is to be used. During 2014, VSOE was established for monitoring services. VSOE for supplies was previously established. Therefore, total consideration under a multiple deliverable contract is allocated to supplies and monitoring through application of the relative fair value method. CareServices CareServices include contracts in which the Company leases monitoring devices and provides monitoring services to end users. The Company typically enters into contracts on a month-to-month basis with end users that use CareServices. However, these contracts may be cancelled by either party at any time with 30-days notice. Under a standard contract, the device and service become billable on the date the end user orders the device, and remains billable until the device is returned to the Company. Revenue on devices is recognized at the end of each month the CareServices have been provided. In those circumstances in which payment is received in advance, the Company records these payments as deferred revenue. CareServices revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the device or service has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and payment has occurred or collection is reasonably assured. Shipping and handling fees are included as part of net revenues. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues. All CareServices sales are made with net 30-day payment terms. Reagents Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, the Company recognized reagents revenues when persuasive evidence of an arrangement with the customer existed, title had passed to the customer, prices were fixed or determinable, and collection was reasonably assured. Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, shipping and handling fees billed to customers were included in revenues and the related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to customers were included as a component of cost of revenues. Research and Development Costs All expenditures for research and development are charged to expense as incurred. Research and development expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $215,074 and $605,170, respectively. The expenditures for fiscal year 2014 were for ongoing software improvements for the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system and customer portal. The expenditures for fiscal year 2013 were for the development of the Chronic Illness Monitoring operating system. Advertising Costs The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising expenses for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were $48,778 and $59,330, respectively. Advertising expenses primarily relate to the Companys Chronic Illness Monitoring segment. Income Taxes The Company recognizes deferred income tax assets or liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements or income tax returns. Deferred income tax assets or liabilities are determined based upon the difference between the financial reporting bases and tax reporting bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply when the differences are expected to be settled or realized. Deferred income tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability and valuation allowances are provided as necessary. As of September 30, 2014, management has provided a 100% allowance against deferred income tax assets as it is more likely than not these assets will not be realized. Interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities, when incurred, are classified in interest expense and income tax provision, respectively. Warrant Exercises and Note Conversions The Company issues common shares in connection with warrant exercises when it has received verification that the proceeds have been deposited and when it has received an exercise letter from the warrant holder. The Company issues common shares in connection with note conversions after it verifies the outstanding note balance and the eligibility of conversion, and has received a conversion letter from the lender. Stock-Based Compensation The Company measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. That cost is recognized in the statements of operations over the period during which the employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award  the requisite service period. The grant-date fair values of the equity instruments are estimated using option-pricing models adjusted for the unique characteristics of those instruments. Net Loss Per Common Share Basic net loss per common share (Basic EPS) is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Diluted net loss per common share (Diluted EPS) is computed by dividing net loss available to common stockholders by the sum of the weighted average number of common shares outstanding and the weighted-average dilutive common share equivalents then outstanding. The computation of Diluted EPS does not assume exercise or conversion of securities that would have an anti-dilutive effect. Common share equivalents consist of shares issuable upon the exercise of common stock warrants, shares issuable from restricted stock grants, and shares issuable from convertible notes and convertible Series C, Series D, Series E and Series F preferred stock. As of September 30, 2014 and 2013, there were 17,199,080 and 13,127,396 outstanding common share equivalents, respectively, that were not included in the computation of Diluted EPS as their effect would be anti-dilutive. The common stock equivalents outstanding consist of the following as of September 30: 2014 2013 Common stock options and warrants 10,991,576 3,598,554 Series C convertible preferred stock - 480,000 Series D convertible preferred stock 225,000 4,691,090 Series E convertible preferred stock 477,830 601,585 Series F convertible preferred stock 5,361,000 - Convertible debt 133,924 3,738,917 Restricted shares of common stock 9,750 17,250 Total common stock equivalents 17,199,080 13,127,396 Recent Accounting Pronouncements In April 2014, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued ASU 2014-08, Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of Disposals of Components of an Entity . ASU 2014-08 states that only disposals representing strategic shifts in operations that have, or will have, a major effect on an entitys operations should be reported as discontinued operations when any of the following occurs: The component of an entity or group of components of an entity is classified as held for sale, the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of by sale, or the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of other than by sale. ASU 2014-08 is effective for annual periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity. In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , which supersedes nearly all existing revenue recognition guidance under US GAAP. The core principle of ASU 2014-09 is to recognize revenues when promised goods or services are transferred to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled for those goods or services. ASU 2014-09 defines a five-step process to achieve this core principle and, in doing so, more judgment and estimates may be required within the revenue recognition process than are required under existing US GAAP. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and interim periods therein. Early adoption is not permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity. In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entitys Ability to Continue as a Going Concern . This standard sets forth managements responsibility to evaluate, each reporting period, whether there is substantial doubt about the Companys ability to continue as a going concern, and if so, to provide related footnote disclosures. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods ending after December 15, 2016 and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance and will incorporate it in its assessment of going concern. In November 2014, the FASB issued ASU, 2014-16, Determining Whether the Host Contract in a Hybrid Financial Instrument Issued in the Form of a Share Is More Akin to Debt or to Equity . The ASU clarifies how current guidance should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. Specifically, the amendments clarify that an entity should consider all relevant terms and features, including the embedded derivative feature being evaluated for bifurcation, in evaluating the nature of a host contract. The ASU is effective for fiscal years and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2015. The Company is currently assessing the impact, if any, of implementing this guidance on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and liquidity. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 6 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18861-107790 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18743-107790 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18854-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 102 R58.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 1. Organization and Nature of Operations: Going Concern (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Details Issuance of Series F preferred stock for cash, net $ 3,580,771 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNet Related Costs Considered in Conversion of Series F Preferred Stock 675,229 fil_RelatedCostsConsideredInConversionOfSeriesFPreferredStock Conversion of debt and accrued interest to common stock 2,326,801 fil_ConversionOfDebtAndAccruedInterestToCommonStock Issuance of Series F preferred stock for debt conversions 574,592 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversions Issuance of Series E preferred stock for debt conversions $ 83,473 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions $ 614,765 fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_ConversionOfDebtAndAccruedInterestToCommonStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesEPreferredStockForDebtConversions Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForCashNet Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_IssuanceOfSeriesFPreferredStockForDebtConversions Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition No authoritative reference available. + References No definition available. + Details Name: fil_RelatedCostsConsideredInConversionOfSeriesFPreferredStock Namespace Prefix: fil_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 103 R82.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of fair value assumptions (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Minimum Fair Value Assumptions, Exercise Price $ 0.50 us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MinimumMember $ 0.75 us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MinimumMember Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term 1 year 1 year 6 months Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate 101.00% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MinimumMember 219.00% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MinimumMember Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate 0.11% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MinimumMember 0.23% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MinimumMember Maximum Fair Value Assumptions, Exercise Price $ 1.40 us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember $ 10.00 us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term 3 years 2 years 6 months Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate 216.00% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember 298.00% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate 0.92% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember 0.88% us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate / us-gaap_RangeAxis = us-gaap_MaximumMember X - Definition Agreed upon price for the exchange of the underlying asset. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExercisePrice Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:perShareItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: instant X - Definition Period the instrument, asset or liability is expected to be outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:durationItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Measure of dispersion, in percentage terms (for instance, the standard deviation or variance), for a given stock price. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Risk-free interest rate assumption used in valuing an instrument. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 820 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (e) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=36462937&loc=d3e19207-110258 + Details Name: us-gaap_FairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: num:percentItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 104 R69.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Details) (USD $) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Chronic Illness Monitoring Revenue $ 6,107,941 us-gaap_Revenues $ 4,245,404 us-gaap_Revenues Chronic Illness Monitoring Cost of Revenue 6,437,943 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue 3,323,011 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Gross profit (deficit) (330,002) us-gaap_GrossProfit 922,393 us-gaap_GrossProfit Selling, general and administrative (including $3,585,379 and $3,446,827, respectively, of stock-based compensation) 9,800,374 us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense 8,752,277 us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Research and development 215,074 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense 605,170 us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Total operating expenses 10,015,448 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses 9,357,447 us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Loss from discontinued operations (1,452,567) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax (3,184,463) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax CareServices Loss from discontinued operations (1,452,567) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember (3,179,151) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember Reagents Loss from discontinued operations 0 us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember (5,312) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember Segment, Discontinued Operations Chronic Illness Monitoring Revenue 1,003,238 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 2,012,189 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Chronic Illness Monitoring Cost of Revenue 881,753 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 2,625,622 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Gross profit (deficit) 121,485 us-gaap_GrossProfit / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember (613,433) us-gaap_GrossProfit / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Total operating expenses (1,047,629) us-gaap_OperatingExpenses / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember (2,626,126) us-gaap_OperatingExpenses / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Impairment of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of (497,792) us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment, Excluding Oil and Gas Property and Timber Property (18,746) us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Other Expenses (9,885) us-gaap_OtherExpenses / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Other Assets 55,096 us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Loss from discontinued operations (1,452,567) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember (3,184,463) us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Segment, Discontinued Operations | CareServices Chronic Illness Monitoring Revenue 1,003,238 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 1,660,544 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Chronic Illness Monitoring Cost of Revenue 881,753 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 2,325,226 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Selling, general and administrative (including $3,585,379 and $3,446,827, respectively, of stock-based compensation) (1,047,629) us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember (2,287,368) us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Research and development (227,101) us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Other Expenses (526,423) us-gaap_OtherExpenses / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember 55,096 us-gaap_OtherExpenses / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_CareservicesMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Segment, Discontinued Operations | Reagents Chronic Illness Monitoring Revenue 351,645 us-gaap_Revenues / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Chronic Illness Monitoring Cost of Revenue 300,396 us-gaap_CostOfRevenue / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Selling, general and administrative (including $3,585,379 and $3,446,827, respectively, of stock-based compensation) $ (111,657) us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense / us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis = fil_ReagentsMember / us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis = us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember X - Definition The aggregate cost of goods produced and sold and services rendered during the reporting period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 2 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_CostOfRevenue Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, excluding oil and gas property and timber property. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391110&loc=d3e2941-110230 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of other assets. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 + Details Name: us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1,2) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_GrossProfit Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment, exchange or sale. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 230 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 28 -Subparagraph (b) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=31042434&loc=d3e3602-108585 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 360 -SubTopic 10 -Section 45 -Paragraph 15 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=8077374&loc=d3e2611-110228 + Details Name: us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of income (loss) from a disposal group, net of income tax before extraordinary items allocable to noncontrolling interests. Includes, net of tax, income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period, gain (loss) on disposal, provision (or any reversals of earlier provisions) for loss on disposal, and adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 45 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6892542&loc=d3e957-107759 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.12) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 13 -Article 7 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 205 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (c) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6360339&loc=d3e1361-107760 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.14) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 15 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTax Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling, general and administrative expense. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_OperatingExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition This element represents a sum total of expenses not separately reflected on the income statement for the period. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 04 -Paragraph 7 -Article 7 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 944 -SubTopic 225 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.7) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6879464&loc=d3e573970-122913 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4,6) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 + Details Name: us-gaap_OtherExpenses Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 985 -SubTopic 20 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 730 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373 + Details Name: us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Definition Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes, but is not limited to, investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue, and sales and trading gain (loss). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 1 -Article 5 + Details Name: us-gaap_Revenues Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: duration X - Definition The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 225 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 2 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872669&loc=d3e20235-122688 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 03 -Paragraph 4 -Article 5 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 330 -SubTopic 10 -Section 30 -Paragraph 8 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=34747878&loc=d3e3636-108311 + Details Name: us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: debit Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_CareservicesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis=fil_ReagentsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_StatementOperatingActivitiesSegmentAxis=us-gaap_SegmentDiscontinuedOperationsMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 105 R27.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 20. Subsequent Events 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 20. Subsequent Events 20. Subsequent Events Subsequent to September 30, 2014 and through the release date of this report, the Company entered into the following agreements and transactions: (1) In October 2014, the Company issued or the Board of Directors has approved the issuance of 1,692,810 shares of common stock to employees for services with vesting ranging from immediate to two years. (2) In October 2014, the Company issued 18,522 shares of common stock to settle accrued dividends for Series D preferred stock. (3) In November 2014, the Company amended an existing agreement related to investor relations services, contingent upon the elimination of the Series F Preferred stock. The amendment extends the agreement by two years and would require the Company to issue a total of 3,000,000 shares of its common stock over the extended term. (4) In November 2014, the Company amended an existing agreement with one of its customers which would require the Company to issue up 2,250,000 shares of its common stock to the customer. The number of shares to be issued is based on the customer meeting certain milestones for the number of end users who receive Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services through January 2016. (5) In November 2014, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with a third party which would require the Company to issue up 750,000 shares of its common stock to the third party. The third party will consult the Company on matters regarding sales to a specific customer. The number of shares to be issued is based on the customer meeting certain milestones for the number of end users who receive Chronic Illness products and services through January 2016. (6) In November 2014, the Company sold $130,000 of future customer receipts to a third party for $100,000 in cash. The $30,000 difference between the payment amount and cash received is being amortized to interest expense over the expected term. (7) In December 2014, the Company sold substantially all of its CareServices customer contracts and equipment leased to customers associated with its CareServices segment to a third party. Additional equipment in stock was sold to the buyer pursuant to a written invoice. The purchase price included a cash payment of $412,280 for the customer contracts and $66,458 for the equipment in stock. (8) In January 2015, the Company modified the note payable secured by CareServices customer contracts to reduce the outstanding principal to $375,000, interest at 9%, and payable in 15 monthly installments beginning in February 2015. The note payable is guaranteed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors and another member of the Board of Directors. (9) In November 2014, the Company entered into a note payable with an entity controlled its Chairman of the Board of Directors to covert $396,667 of advances and notes payable into one promissory note, interest at 0%, and due on demand. (10) In October and December 2014, the Company received advances totaling $305,000 from entities controlled by a member the Board of Directors. X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue, purchase of a business, settlement of litigation, catastrophic loss, significant foreign exchange rate changes, loans to insiders or affiliates, and transactions not in the ordinary course of business. + References No definition available. + Details Name: us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 106 FilingSummary.xml IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT 2.4.1.9 Html 154 305 1 false 62 0 false 4 false false R1.htm 000010 - Document - Document and Entity Information Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_DocumentDocumentAndEntityInformation Document and Entity Information true false R2.htm 000020 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_ConsolidatedBalanceSheets Consolidated Balance Sheets false false R3.htm 000030 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Parenthetical Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_ConsolidatedBalanceSheetsParenthetical Consolidated Balance Sheets Parenthetical false false R4.htm 000040 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_ConsolidatedStatementsOfOperations Consolidated Statements of Operations false false R5.htm 000050 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations Parenthetical Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_ConsolidatedStatementsOfOperationsParenthetical Consolidated Statements of Operations Parenthetical false false R6.htm 000060 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_ConsolidatedStatementsOfStockholdersDeficit Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit false false R7.htm 000070 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_ConsolidatedStatementsOfCashFlows Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows false false R8.htm 000080 - Disclosure - 1. Organization and Nature of Operations Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure1OrganizationAndNatureOfOperations 1. Organization and Nature of Operations false false R9.htm 000090 - Disclosure - 2. Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure2RestatementAndAmendmentOfPreviouslyReportedFinancialInformation 2. Restatement and Amendment of Previously Reported Financial Information false false R10.htm 000100 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies false false R11.htm 000110 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure4DiscontinuedOperations 4. Discontinued Operations false false R12.htm 000120 - Disclosure - 5. Customer Contracts Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure5CustomerContracts 5. Customer Contracts false false R13.htm 000130 - Disclosure - 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure6PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosure 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure false false R14.htm 000140 - Disclosure - 7. Patent License Agreement Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure7PatentLicenseAgreement 7. Patent License Agreement false false R15.htm 000150 - Disclosure - 8. Accrued Expenses Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure8AccruedExpenses 8. Accrued Expenses false false R16.htm 000160 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable Notes http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure9NotesPayable 9. Notes Payable false false R17.htm 000170 - Disclosure - 10. Related-party Notes Payable Notes http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure10RelatedPartyNotesPayable 10. Related-party Notes Payable false false R18.htm 000180 - Disclosure - 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure11LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStock 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock false false R19.htm 000190 - Disclosure - 12. Fair Value Measurements Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure12FairValueMeasurements 12. Fair Value Measurements false false R20.htm 000200 - Disclosure - 13. Derivatives Liability Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure13DerivativesLiability 13. Derivatives Liability false false R21.htm 000210 - Disclosure - 14. Preferred Stock Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure14PreferredStock 14. Preferred Stock false false R22.htm 000220 - Disclosure - 15. Common Stock Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure15CommonStock 15. Common Stock false false R23.htm 000230 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure16CommonStockOptionsAndWarrants 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants false false R24.htm 000240 - Disclosure - 17. Segment Information Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure17SegmentInformation 17. Segment Information false false R25.htm 000250 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure18IncomeTaxes 18. Income Taxes false false R26.htm 000260 - Disclosure - 19. Commitments and Contingencies Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure19CommitmentsAndContingencies 19. Commitments and Contingencies false false R27.htm 000270 - Disclosure - 20. Subsequent Events Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure20SubsequentEvents 20. Subsequent Events false false R28.htm 000280 - Disclosure - 1. Organization and Nature of Operations: Going Concern (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure1OrganizationAndNatureOfOperationsGoingConcernPolicies 1. Organization and Nature of Operations: Going Concern (Policies) false false R29.htm 000290 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Use of Estimates in The Preparation of Financial Statements (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesUseOfEstimatesInThePreparationOfFinancialStatementsPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Use of Estimates in The Preparation of Financial Statements (Policies) false false R30.htm 000300 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Discontinued Operations, Policy (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDiscontinuedOperationsPolicyPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Discontinued Operations, Policy (Policies) false false R31.htm 000310 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesFairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Fair Value of Financial Instruments (Policies) false false R32.htm 000320 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Concentrations of Credit Risk (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsOfCreditRiskPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Concentrations of Credit Risk (Policies) false false R33.htm 000330 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Accounts Receivable (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivablePolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Accounts Receivable (Policies) false false R34.htm 000340 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoryPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory (Policies) false false R35.htm 000350 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesPropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy (Policies) false false R36.htm 000360 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Goodwill (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesGoodwillPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Goodwill (Policies) false false R37.htm 000370 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Policies) false false R38.htm 000380 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Revenue Recognition (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesRevenueRecognitionPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Revenue Recognition (Policies) false false R39.htm 000390 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Research and Development Costs (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesResearchAndDevelopmentCostsPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Research and Development Costs (Policies) false false R40.htm 000400 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Advertising Costs (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdvertisingCostsPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Advertising Costs (Policies) false false R41.htm 000410 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Income Taxes (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesIncomeTaxesPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Income Taxes (Policies) false false R42.htm 000420 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Stock-based Compensation (Policies) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesStockBasedCompensationPolicies 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Stock-based Compensation (Policies) false false R43.htm 000430 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory: Schedule of Utility Inventory (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoryScheduleOfUtilityInventoryTables 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory: Schedule of Utility Inventory (Tables) false false R44.htm 000440 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Schedule of common stock equivalents (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsTables 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Schedule of common stock equivalents (Tables) false false R45.htm 000450 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure4DiscontinuedOperationsScheduleOfAssetsClassifiedAsDiscontinuedOperationsTables 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations (Tables) false false R46.htm 000460 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure4DiscontinuedOperationsScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTables 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Tables) false false R47.htm 000470 - Disclosure - 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure: Schedule of Property and Equipment (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure6PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentTables 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure: Schedule of Property and Equipment (Tables) false false R48.htm 000480 - Disclosure - 8. Accrued Expenses: Schedule of Accrued Expenses (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure8AccruedExpensesScheduleOfAccruedExpensesTables 8. Accrued Expenses: Schedule of Accrued Expenses (Tables) false false R49.htm 000490 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of Debt (Tables) Notes http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure9NotesPayableScheduleOfDebtTables 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of Debt (Tables) false false R50.htm 000500 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of principal payments on notes payable (Tables) Notes http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure9NotesPayableScheduleOfPrincipalPaymentsOnNotesPayableTables 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of principal payments on notes payable (Tables) false false R51.htm 000510 - Disclosure - 10. Related-party Notes Payable: Schedule of related party notes payable (Tables) Notes http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure10RelatedPartyNotesPayableScheduleOfRelatedPartyNotesPayableTables 10. Related-party Notes Payable: Schedule of related party notes payable (Tables) false false R52.htm 000520 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of fair value assumptions (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure16CommonStockOptionsAndWarrantsScheduleOfFairValueAssumptionsTables 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of fair value assumptions (Tables) false false R53.htm 000530 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure16CommonStockOptionsAndWarrantsScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityTables 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity (Tables) false false R54.htm 000540 - Disclosure - 17. Segment Information: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure17SegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTables 17. Segment Information: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment (Tables) false false R55.htm 000550 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure18IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTables 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Tables) false false R56.htm 000560 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure18IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTables 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Tables) false false R57.htm 000570 - Disclosure - 19. Commitments and Contingencies: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Tables) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure19CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTables 19. Commitments and Contingencies: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Tables) false false R58.htm 000580 - Disclosure - 1. Organization and Nature of Operations: Going Concern (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure1OrganizationAndNatureOfOperationsGoingConcernDetails 1. Organization and Nature of Operations: Going Concern (Details) false false R59.htm 000590 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Discontinued Operations, Policy (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDiscontinuedOperationsPolicyDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Discontinued Operations, Policy (Details) false false R60.htm 000600 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Concentrations of Credit Risk (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesConcentrationsOfCreditRiskDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Concentrations of Credit Risk (Details) false false R61.htm 000610 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Accounts Receivable (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAccountsReceivableDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Accounts Receivable (Details) false false R62.htm 000620 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory: Schedule of Utility Inventory (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesInventoryScheduleOfUtilityInventoryDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Inventory: Schedule of Utility Inventory (Details) false false R63.htm 000630 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Impairment of Long-lived Assets (Details) false false R64.htm 000640 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Research and Development Costs (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesResearchAndDevelopmentCostsDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Research and Development Costs (Details) false false R65.htm 000650 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Advertising Costs (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesAdvertisingCostsDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Advertising Costs (Details) false false R66.htm 000660 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (Details) false false R67.htm 000670 - Disclosure - 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Schedule of common stock equivalents (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure3SummaryOfSignificantAccountingPoliciesScheduleOfCommonStockEquivalentsDetails 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Schedule of common stock equivalents (Details) false false R68.htm 000680 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure4DiscontinuedOperationsScheduleOfAssetsClassifiedAsDiscontinuedOperationsDetails 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Assets Classified as Discontinued Operations (Details) false false R69.htm 000690 - Disclosure - 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure4DiscontinuedOperationsScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresDetails 4. Discontinued Operations: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures (Details) false false R70.htm 000700 - Disclosure - 5. Customer Contracts (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure5CustomerContractsDetails 5. Customer Contracts (Details) false false R71.htm 000710 - Disclosure - 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure: Schedule of Property and Equipment (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure6PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureScheduleOfPropertyAndEquipmentDetails 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure: Schedule of Property and Equipment (Details) false false R72.htm 000720 - Disclosure - 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure6PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureDetails 6. Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure (Details) false false R73.htm 000730 - Disclosure - 7. Patent License Agreement (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure7PatentLicenseAgreementDetails 7. Patent License Agreement (Details) false false R74.htm 000740 - Disclosure - 8. Accrued Expenses: Schedule of Accrued Expenses (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure8AccruedExpensesScheduleOfAccruedExpensesDetails 8. Accrued Expenses: Schedule of Accrued Expenses (Details) false false R75.htm 000750 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of Debt (Details) Notes http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure9NotesPayableScheduleOfDebtDetails 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of Debt (Details) false false R76.htm 000760 - Disclosure - 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of principal payments on notes payable (Details) Notes http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure9NotesPayableScheduleOfPrincipalPaymentsOnNotesPayableDetails 9. Notes Payable: Schedule of principal payments on notes payable (Details) false false R77.htm 000770 - Disclosure - 10. Related-party Notes Payable: Schedule of related party notes payable (Details) Notes http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure10RelatedPartyNotesPayableScheduleOfRelatedPartyNotesPayableDetails 10. Related-party Notes Payable: Schedule of related party notes payable (Details) false false R78.htm 000780 - Disclosure - 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure11LossOnInducedConversionOfDebtAndSaleOfCommonStockDetails 11. Loss On Induced Conversion of Debt and Sale of Common Stock (Details) false false R79.htm 000790 - Disclosure - 13. Derivatives Liability (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure13DerivativesLiabilityDetails 13. Derivatives Liability (Details) false false R80.htm 000800 - Disclosure - 14. Preferred Stock (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure14PreferredStockDetails 14. Preferred Stock (Details) false false R81.htm 000810 - Disclosure - 15. Common Stock (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure15CommonStockDetails 15. Common Stock (Details) false false R82.htm 000820 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of fair value assumptions (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure16CommonStockOptionsAndWarrantsScheduleOfFairValueAssumptionsDetails 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of fair value assumptions (Details) false false R83.htm 000830 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure16CommonStockOptionsAndWarrantsDetails 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants (Details) false false R84.htm 000840 - Disclosure - 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure16CommonStockOptionsAndWarrantsScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationActivityDetails 16. Common Stock Options and Warrants: Schedule of Share-based Compensation, Activity (Details) false false R85.htm 000850 - Disclosure - 17. Segment Information: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure17SegmentInformationScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentDetails 17. Segment Information: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment (Details) false false R86.htm 000860 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure18IncomeTaxesDetails 18. Income Taxes (Details) false false R87.htm 000870 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure18IncomeTaxesScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesDetails 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details) false false R88.htm 000880 - Disclosure - 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure18IncomeTaxesScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDetails 18. Income Taxes: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) (Details) false false R89.htm 000890 - Disclosure - 19. Commitments and Contingencies: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure19CommitmentsAndContingenciesScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesDetails 19. Commitments and Contingencies: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases (Details) false false R90.htm 000900 - Disclosure - 19. Commitments and Contingencies (Details) Sheet http://activecare.com/20140930/role/idr_Disclosure19CommitmentsAndContingenciesDetails 19. Commitments and Contingencies (Details) false false All Reports Book All Reports Process Flow-Through: 000020 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Process Flow-Through: Removing column 'Sep. 30, 2012' Process Flow-Through: 000030 - Statement - Consolidated Balance Sheets Parenthetical Process Flow-Through: 000040 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations Process Flow-Through: 000050 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Operations Parenthetical Process Flow-Through: 000070 - Statement - Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows acar-20140930.xml acar-20140930.xsd acar-20140930_cal.xml acar-20140930_def.xml acar-20140930_lab.xml acar-20140930_pre.xml true true XML 107 R74.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 8. Accrued Expenses: Schedule of Accrued Expenses (Details) (USD $) Sep. 30, 2014 Sep. 30, 2013 Accrued expenses $ 1,451,331 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent $ 708,519 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Liability to issue common stock Accrued expenses 522,087 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = fil_LiabilityToIssueCommonStockMember Commissions and fees Accrued expenses 453,744 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = fil_CommissionsAndFeesMember 88,490 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = fil_CommissionsAndFeesMember Payroll Expense Accrued expenses 308,529 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = fil_PayrollExpenseMember 272,451 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = fil_PayrollExpenseMember Deferred Rent Accrued expenses 89,346 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = fil_DeferredRentMember 55,242 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = fil_DeferredRentMember Interest Expense Accrued expenses 59,091 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember 211,722 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember Other Expense Accrued expenses $ 18,534 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherExpenseMember $ 80,614 us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent / us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis = us-gaap_OtherExpenseMember X - Definition Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Regulation S-X (SX) -Number 210 -Section 02 -Paragraph 20 -Article 5 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 210 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682 + Details Name: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:monetaryItemType Balance Type: credit Period Type: instant X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=fil_CommissionsAndFeesMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=fil_DeferredRentMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=fil_LiabilityToIssueCommonStockMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=fil_PayrollExpenseMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: X - Details Name: us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_OtherExpenseMember Namespace Prefix: Data Type: na Balance Type: Period Type: XML 108 R38.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 3. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies: Revenue Recognition (Policies) 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Policies Revenue Recognition Revenue Recognition Historically, revenues were from three sources: (1) sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring services and supplies; (2) sales from CareServices; (3) sales of medical diagnostic stains from the Reagents segment. The CareServices segment was sold in December 2014 and the Reagents segment was sold in June 2013. Information regarding revenue recognition policies relating to these business segments is contained in the following paragraphs. Chronic Illness Monitoring Chronic Illness Monitoring revenues are recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the product or service to the end user has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and collection is reasonably assured. The Company enters into agreements with insurance companies, disease management companies, third-party administrators, and self-insured companies (collectively, the customers) to lower medical expenses by distributing diabetic testing products and supplies to employees (end users) covered by their health plans or the health plans they manage. Cash is due from the customer or the end users health plan as the products and supplies are deployed to the end user. The Company also monitors the end users test results in real-time with its 24x7 CareCenter. Customers who are billed separately for monitoring are obligated to pay as the service is performed and revenue is recognized ratably over the period of the contract. The term of these contracts is generally one year and, unless terminated by either party, automatically renew for another year. Collection terms are net 30 days after claims are submitted. There is no contingent revenue in these contracts. The Company also enters into agreements with distributors who take title to products and distribute those products to end users. Delivery is considered to occur when the supplies are delivered by the distributor to the end user. Cash is due from the distributor, the customer or the end users health plan as initial products are deployed to the end user. Subsequent sales (resupplies) are shipped directly from the Company to the end user and cash is due from the customer or the end users health plan. Shipping and handling fees are typically not charged to end users. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues. Sales of Chronic Illness Monitoring products and services contain multiple deliverables. Multiple-Element Arrangements The Company evaluates each element in a multiple-element arrangement to determine whether it represents a separate unit of accounting. In order to account for elements in a multiple-element arrangement as separate units of accounting, the deliverables must have stand-alone value upon delivery. In determining whether monitoring services have stand-alone value, the nature of the monitoring services, whether supplies are sold to new customers without monitoring services, and availability of monitoring services from the other vendors is considered. During the three months ended June 30, 2014, the Company began to provide enhanced monitoring services to a key customer, for which the Company receives a separate monthly monitoring fee. When multiple deliverables included in an arrangement are separable into different units of accounting, the arrangement consideration is allocated to the identified separate units of accounting based on their relative selling price. Multiple-element arrangements accounting guidance provides a hierarchy to use when determining the relative selling price for each unit of accounting. Vendor-specific objective evidence (VSOE) of selling price, based on the price at which the item is regularly sold by the vendor on a stand-alone basis, should be used if it exists. If VSOE of selling price is not available, third-party evidence (TPE) of selling price is used to establish the selling price if it exists. If VSOE of selling price and TPE of selling price are not available, then the best estimate of selling price (BESP) is to be used. During 2014, VSOE was established for monitoring services. VSOE for supplies was previously established. Therefore, total consideration under a multiple deliverable contract is allocated to supplies and monitoring through application of the relative fair value method. CareServices CareServices include contracts in which the Company leases monitoring devices and provides monitoring services to end users. The Company typically enters into contracts on a month-to-month basis with end users that use CareServices. However, these contracts may be cancelled by either party at any time with 30-days notice. Under a standard contract, the device and service become billable on the date the end user orders the device, and remains billable until the device is returned to the Company. Revenue on devices is recognized at the end of each month the CareServices have been provided. In those circumstances in which payment is received in advance, the Company records these payments as deferred revenue. CareServices revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery of the device or service has occurred, prices are fixed or determinable and payment has occurred or collection is reasonably assured. Shipping and handling fees are included as part of net revenues. The related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to end users are included as a component of cost of revenues. All CareServices sales are made with net 30-day payment terms. Reagents Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, the Company recognized reagents revenues when persuasive evidence of an arrangement with the customer existed, title had passed to the customer, prices were fixed or determinable, and collection was reasonably assured. Prior to the sale of the reagent segment, shipping and handling fees billed to customers were included in revenues and the related freight costs and supplies directly associated with shipping products to customers were included as a component of cost of revenues. X - Details Name: us-gaap_PolicyTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Definition Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions, the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example, delivery of multiple products, services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 3 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18780-107790 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18726-107790 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher SEC -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) -Number Topic 13 -Section B -Paragraph Question 1 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 605 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 13.B.Q1) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012821&loc=d3e214044-122780 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6367646&loc=d3e18823-107790 + Details Name: us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration XML 109 R20.htm IDEA: XBRL DOCUMENT /* Do Not Remove This Comment */ function toggleNextSibling (e) { if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') { e.nextSibling.style.display='block'; } else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; } } v2.4.1.9 13. Derivatives Liability 12 Months Ended Sep. 30, 2014 Notes 13. Derivatives Liability 13. Derivatives Liability The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2014 and 2013 was $106,444 and $795,151, respectively. The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2013 was eliminated due to the conversion of notes payable with variable conversion features. The derivatives liability as of September 30, 2014 is related to a variable conversion price adjustment on the Series F preferred stock. The conversion price on Series F preferred stock may be adjusted from $1.00 based on the number of subscribers as of December 31, 2014. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014, the Company estimated the fair value of the embedded derivatives prior to their conversion and elimination using a binomial option-pricing model with the following assumptions, according to the instrument: exercise price of $0.35 per share; risk free interest rate of 0.060%; expected life of 0.50 years; expected dividends of 0%; a volatility factor of 104%; and a stock price of $0.24. The expected lives of the instruments were equal to the average term of the conversion option. The expected volatility is based on the historical price volatility of the Companys common stock. The risk-free interest rate represents the U.S. Treasury constant maturities rate for the expected life of the related conversion option. The dividend yield represents anticipated cash dividends to be paid over the expected life of the conversion option. The Company recognized a gain on derivatives liability for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2014 of $373,293 and a loss for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2013 of $333,406. X - Definition The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including, but not limited to, risk management strategies, non-hedging derivative instruments, assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts. + References Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35736893&loc=d3e80748-113994 Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5618551-113959 Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4K -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5708775-113959 Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 25 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6886632&loc=d3e76258-113986 Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4E -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5624181-113959 Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 45 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6441202&loc=d3e80720-113993 Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4H -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5624258-113959 Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5624163-113959 Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 235 -SubTopic 10 -Section S99 -Paragraph 1 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(n)) -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690 Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4J -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5708773-113959 Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 30 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35736893&loc=d3e80784-113994 Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4D -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5624177-113959 Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 2 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=d3e41620-113959 Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1A -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5579245-113959 Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1B -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5580258-113959 Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 1 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5579240-113959 Reference 17: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 5 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=d3e41641-113959 Reference 18: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=d3e41638-113959 Reference 19: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef -Publisher FASB -Name Accounting Standards Codification -Topic 815 -SubTopic 10 -Section 50 -Paragraph 4C -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35706170&loc=SL5624171-113959 + Details Name: us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: nonnum:textBlockItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration X - Details Name: us-gaap_DisclosureTextBlockAbstract Namespace Prefix: us-gaap_ Data Type: xbrli:stringItemType Balance Type: na Period Type: duration 