. Our business is subject to a variety of risks, both known and unknown. Our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted by the following risk factors. These risks are not the only risks that may impact our business. If overall demand for products sold by our stores slows or declines, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will suffer. Decreased demand could also negatively impact our stock price. 9 Table of Contents Overall demand for products sold by our stores depends on many factors and may slow or decrease due to any number of reasons, including: • the number and average age of vehicles being driven , because the majority of vehicles that are seven years old and older are generally no longer covered under the manufacturers' warranties and tend to need maintenance and repair. If the number and average age of vehicles being driven were to decrease it would negatively impact demand for our products; • the economy , because during periods of declining economic conditions, both Commercial and DIY customers may defer vehicle maintenance or repair; conversely, during periods of favorable economic conditions, more of our DIY customers may pay others to repair and maintain their cars or they may purchase new cars; • the weather, because milder weather conditions may lower the failure rates of automobile parts while extended periods of rain and winter precipitation may cause our customers to defer elective maintenance and repair of their vehicles; • the average duration of manufacturer warranties and the decrease in the number of annual miles driven, because newer cars typically require fewer repairs and will be repaired by the manufacturers' dealer network using dealer parts; and lower vehicle mileage, which may be affected by gas prices and other factors, decreases the need for maintenance and repair (while higher miles driven increases the need); • technological advances and the increase in quality of vehicles manufactured , because vehicles that need less frequent maintenance and have low part failure rates will require less frequent repairs using aftermarket parts; • our vendors, because if any of our key vendors do not supply us with products on terms that are favorable to us or fail to develop new products we may not be able to meet the demands of our customers and our results of operations could be negatively affected; • our reputation and our brands, because our reputation is critical to our continued success. If we fail to maintain high standards for, or receive negative publicity (whether through social media or normal media channels) relating to, product safety, quality or integrity, it could reduce demand for our products. The product we sell is branded both in brands of our vendors and in our own private label brands. If the perceived quality or value of the brands we sell declines in the eyes of our customers, our results of operations could be negatively affected; and • the refusal of vehicle manufacturers to make available diagnostic, repair and maintenance information to the automotive aftermarket industry that our Commercial and DIY customers require to diagnose, repair and maintain their vehicles , because this may force consumers to have a majority of diagnostic work, repairs and maintenance performed by the vehicle manufacturers’ dealer network. If any of these factors cause overall demand for the products we sell to decline, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be negatively impacted. If we are unable to compete successfully against other companies in the automotive aftermarket industry we may lose customers, our revenues may decline, and we may be less profitable or potentially unprofitable. The sale of automotive parts, accessories and maintenance items is highly competitive in many ways, including name recognition, location, price, quality, product availability and customer service. We compete in both the Commercial and DIY categories of the automotive aftermarket industry, primarily with: (i) national and regional retail automotive parts chains, (ii) discount stores and mass merchandisers that carry automotive products, (iii) wholesaler distributors, (iv) jobber stores, (v) independently-owned stores, (vi) automobile dealers that supply parts and (vii) internet-based retailers. These competitors and the level of competition vary by market. Some of our competitors may possess advantages over us in certain markets we share, including a greater amount of marketing activities, a larger number of stores, more lucrative store locations, better store layouts, longer operating histories, greater name recognition, larger and more established customer bases, more favorable vendor relationships, lower prices, and better product warranties. These competitive disadvantages may require us to reduce our prices below our normal selling prices or increase our promotional spending, which would lower our revenue and profitability. Competitive disadvantages may also prevent us from introducing new product lines, require us to discontinue current product offerings, or change some of our current operating strategies. If we do not have the resources, expertise, consistent execution or otherwise fail to develop successful strategies to address these competitive disadvantages, we may lose customers, our revenues and profit margins may decline and we may be less profitable or potentially unprofitable. 10 Table of Contents We may not be able to successfully integrate GPI ’ s operations with ours; the GPI business may not achieve the expected business results and could cause us to incur unexpected liabilities; the GPI acquisition has caused and may continue to cause us to incur significant transaction and integration costs; our level of indebtedness could limit the cash flow available for operations and could adversely affect our ability to service our debt or obtain additional financing; and we may not be able to retain key GPI personnel. Integration Issues and Business Expectations We cannot be certain whether, and to what extent, any strategic, operational, financial or other anticipated benefits resulting from the acquisition of GPI will be achieved. In order to obtain the anticipated benefits of the transaction, we must integrate GPI’s operations with ours. This integration may be complex and failure to do so quickly and effectively may negatively affect our earnings. The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of the acquisition if our integration of GPI is unsuccessful, takes longer than expected or fails to achieve financial benefits to the extent anticipated by financial analysts or investors, or the effect of the acquisition on our financial results is otherwise not consistent with the expectations of financial analysts or investors. The acquisition of GPI could cause disruptions in and create uncertainty surrounding GPI’s and our businesses, including affecting GPI’s and our relationships with existing and future customers, wholesalers, independently-owned and jobber stores, suppliers and employees, which could have an adverse effect on GPI’s and our businesses, financial results and operations. In particular, GPI and Advance could lose customers or suppliers, and new customer or supplier contracts could be delayed or decreased or otherwise adversely affected in economic value. In addition, we have diverted, and will continue to divert, significant management resources towards the integration efforts, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In connection with our acquisition of GPI, we assumed all of the liabilities of GPI, including any actual or contingent liabilities to which GPI is or may become subject. GPI may be or may become subject to loss contingencies, known or unknown, which could relate to past, present, or future facts, events, circumstances or occurrences. Although the agreement pursuant to which we acquired GPI provides us with certain indemnification provisions, potential costs relating to any such liabilities could exceed the amount of any such indemnification or extend beyond the indemnification period. Additional Transaction and Integration Costs In connection with the GPI acquisition, we have incurred significant one-time transaction costs and entered into new financing agreements and issued new debt instruments. We expect to incur additional transaction and integration costs in connection with the acquisition. Although efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses may allow us to offset incremental transaction and integration costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. Level of Indebtedness In connection with our acquisition of GPI our level of indebtedness increased significantly. Our indebtedness could restrict our operations and make it more difficult for us to satisfy our debt obligations. For example, our level of indebtedness could, among other things: • affect our liquidity by limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, limit our ability to obtain financing for capital expenditures and acquisitions or make any available financing more costly; • require us to dedicate all or a substantial portion of our cash flow to service our debt, which would reduce funds available for other business purposes, such as capital expenditures, dividends or acquisitions; • limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in the markets in which we compete; • place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors who may have less indebtedness; • render us more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including those relating to the notes associated with the acquisition of GPI. In addition, the indenture governing the notes related to the GPI acquisition and the credit agreement governing the new credit facilities contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interests. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of our debt, including such notes. 11 Table of Contents Retention of Key GPI Personnel The success of the integration with GPI will depend in part on the ability to retain key GPI employees who are expected to continue employment with the combined company. If any of these employees decide not to remain with the combined company, it is possible we may be unable to locate suitable replacements for such key employees or to secure employment of suitable replacements on reasonable terms. In addition, if key employees terminate their employment, management’s attention might be diverted from successfully integrating GPI’s operations to hiring suitable replacements and the combined company's business might suffer. We may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy, including increasing comparable store sales, enhancing our margins and increasing our return on invested capital, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. We have implemented numerous initiatives as part of our business strategy to increase comparable store sales, enhance our margins and increase our return on invested capital in order to increase our earnings and cash flow. If we are unable to implement these initiatives efficiently and effectively, or if these initiatives are unsuccessful, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected. Successful implementation of our business strategy also depends on factors specific to the automotive aftermarket industry and numerous other factors that may be beyond our control. In addition to the aforementioned risk factors, adverse changes in the following factors could undermine our business strategy and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows: • the competitive environment in the automotive aftermarket retail sector that may force us to reduce prices below our desired pricing level or increase promotional spending; • our ability to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and to meet customers’ needs for automotive products (particularly parts availability) in a timely manner; • our ability to maintain and eventually grow DIY market share; and • our ability to continue our Commercial sales growth. For that portion of our inventory manufactured and/or sourced outside the United States, geopolitical changes, changes in trade regulations, currency fluctuations, shipping related issues, natural disasters, pandemics and other factors beyond our control may increase the cost of items we purchase or create shortages which could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability. We will not be able to expand our business if our growth strategy, including the availability of suitable locations for new store openings and the continued increase in supply chain capacity and efficiency, is not successful, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. New Store Openings We have increased our store count significantly in the last ten years from 2,652 stores at the end of our 2004 fiscal year to 5,372 stores as of January 3, 2015 . We intend to continue to increase the number of our stores and expand the markets we serve as part of our growth strategy, primarily by opening new stores. We may also grow our business through strategic acquisitions. We do not know whether the implementation of our growth strategy will be successful. As we open more stores it becomes more critical that we have consistent execution across our entire store chain. The actual number of new stores to be opened and their success will depend on a number of factors, including, among other things: • the availability of desirable store locations; • the negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for new locations; • the availability of financial resources, including access to capital at cost-effective interest rates; and • our ability to manage the expansion and to hire, train and retain qualified Team Members. We are unsure whether we will be able to open and operate new stores on a timely or sufficiently profitable basis, or that opening new stores in markets we already serve will not harm existing store profitability or comparable store sales. The newly opened and existing stores’ profitability will depend on the competition we face as well as our ability to properly merchandise, market and price the products desired by customers in these markets. 12 Table of Contents Supply Chain Our store inventories are primarily replenished by shipments from our network of distribution centers, warehouses and HUB stores. As we service our growing store base, we will need to increase the capacity of our supply chain network in order to provide the added parts availability under our Superior Availability strategy while maintaining productivity and profitability expectations. We cannot be assured of the availability of potential locations on lease or purchase terms that would be acceptable to us, of our ability to integrate those new locations into our existing supply chain network or of our ability to increase the productivity and efficiency of our overall supply chain network to desired levels. We are dependent on our suppliers to supply us with products that comply with safety and quality standards. If our merchandise offerings do not meet our customers’ expectations regarding safety and quality, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and exposure to legal and reputational risk. All of our suppliers must comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety and quality standards. Events that give rise to actual, potential or perceived product safety concerns could expose us to government enforcement action and/or private litigation and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. To the extent our suppliers are subject to additional government regulation of their product design and/or manufacturing processes, the cost of the merchandise we purchase may rise. In addition, negative customer perceptions regarding the safety or quality of the products we sell could cause our customers to seek alternative sources for their needs, resulting in lost sales. In those circumstances, it may be difficult and costly for us to regain the confidence of our customers. We depend on the services of many qualified Team Members, whom we may not be able to attract and retain. Our success depends to a significant extent on the continued services and experience of our Team Members. As of February 26, 2015 , we employed 73,000 Team Members. We may not be able to retain our current qualified Team Members or attract and retain additional qualified Team Members who may be needed in the future. Our ability to maintain an adequate number of qualified Team Members is highly dependent on an attractive and competitive compensation and benefits package. In addition, less than one percent of our team members are represented by unions. If these team members were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, or if the terms and conditions in labor agreements were renegotiated, we could experience a disruption in our operations and higher ongoing labor costs. If we fail or are unable to maintain competitive compensation, our customer service and execution levels could suffer by reason of a declining quality of our workforce, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation. The stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions. Downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such a company. If similar litigation were instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Deterioration in global credit markets and changes in our credit ratings and deterioration in general macro-economic conditions, including unemployment, inflation or deflation, consumer debt levels, high fuel and energy costs, and higher tax rates could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Deterioration in general macro-economic conditions impacts us through (i) potential adverse effects from deteriorating and uncertain credit markets, (ii) the negative impact on our suppliers and customers and (iii) an increase in operating costs from higher energy prices. Impact of Credit Market Uncertainty and Changes in Credit Ratings Significant deterioration in the financial condition of large financial institutions in 2008 and 2009 resulted in a severe loss of liquidity and available credit in global credit markets and in more stringent borrowing terms. We can provide no assurance that the credit market events during 2008 and 2009 will not occur again in the foreseeable future. Conditions and events in the global credit market could have a material adverse effect on our access to short and long-term borrowings to finance our operations and the terms and cost of that debt. It is possible that one or more of the banks that provide us with financing under our revolving credit facility may fail to honor the terms of our existing credit facility or be financially unable to provide the unused credit. 13 Table of Contents Our overall credit rating may be negatively impacted by deteriorating and uncertain credit markets or other factors which may or may not be within our control. The interest rates on our publicly issued debt, term loan and revolving credit facility are linked directly to our credit ratings. Accordingly, any negative impact on our credit rating would likely result in higher interest rates and interest expense on any borrowings under our revolving credit facility, term loan or from future issuances of public debt and less favorable terms on other operating and financing arrangements. In addition, it could reduce the attractiveness of our vendor payment program, where certain of our vendors finance payment obligations from us with designated third party financial institutions, which could result in increased working capital requirements. An inability to obtain sufficient financing at cost-effective rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Impact on our Suppliers Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers’ ability and willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. Such factors include a general decline in the economy and economic conditions and prolonged recessionary conditions. These events could negatively affect our suppliers’ operations and make it difficult for them to obtain the credit lines or loans necessary to finance their operations in the short-term or long-term and meet our product requirements. Financial or operational difficulties that some of our suppliers may face could also increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source product from them. We might not be able to pass our increased costs onto our customers. In addition, the trend towards consolidation among automotive parts suppliers as well as the off-shoring of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers, and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. We could also be negatively impacted by suppliers who might experience bankruptcies, work stoppages, labor strikes or other interruptions to or difficulties in the manufacture or supply of the products we purchase from them. Impact on our Customers Deterioration in macro-economic conditions may have a negative impact on our customers’ net worth, financial resources and disposable income. While macro-economic conditions have improved since 2008 and 2009, unemployment rates have remained at relatively high levels, consumer confidence continues to fluctuate, payroll taxes increased for most U.S. workers as a result of the changes in tax legislation effective for 2013 and many consumers are now facing increased healthcare costs as a result of the recently enacted Affordable Care Act. This impact could reduce our customers' willingness or ability to pay for accessories, maintenance or repair of their vehicles, which results in lower sales in our stores. Higher fuel costs may also reduce the overall number of miles driven by our customers resulting in fewer parts failures and elective maintenance needed to be completed. Impact on Operating Costs Rising energy prices could directly impact our operating and product costs, including our merchandise distribution, commercial delivery, utility and product acquisition costs. Because we are involved in litigation from time to time, and are subject to numerous laws and governmental regulations, we could incur substantial judgments, fines, legal fees and other costs. We are sometimes the subject of complaints or litigation from customers, Team Members or others for various actions. From time to time, we are involved in litigation involving claims related to, among other things, breach of contract, tortious conduct, employment law matters, payment of wages, asbestos exposure, real estate regulatory compliance and product defects. The damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings are substantial. Although we maintain liability insurance for some litigation claims, if one or more of the claims were to greatly exceed our insurance coverage limits or if our insurance policies do not cover a claim, this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and governmental regulations relating to, among other things, environmental protection, product quality standards, building and zoning requirements, and employment law matters. The implementation of and compliance with existing and future laws and regulations could increase the cost of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations. If we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. In addition, our capital and operating expenses could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations. 14 Table of Contents We work diligently to maintain the privacy and security of our customer and business information and the functioning of our computer systems, website and other on-line offerings. In the event of a security breach or other cyber security incident, we could experience certain operational problems or interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, any of which could lead to damage to our reputation in the marketplace and added costs on an ongoing basis. The nature of our business requires us to receive, retain and transmit certain personally identifiable information that our customers provide to purchase products or services, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. While we have taken and continue to undertake significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information and the functioning of our computer systems, website and other online offerings, a compromise of our data security systems or those of businesses we interact with could result in information related to our customers or business being obtained by unauthorized persons or other operational problems or interruptions. We develop and update processes and maintain systems in an effort to try to prevent this from occurring, but the development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change, privacy and information security regulations change, and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Consequently, despite our efforts, our security measures have been breached in the past and may be breached in the future due to cyber attack, team member error, malfeasance, fraudulent inducement or other acts. Unauthorized parties have in the past obtained, and may in the future, obtain access to our data or our customers’ data. While costs associated with past security breaches have not been significant, any breach or unauthorized access in the future could result in significant legal and financial exposure and damage to our reputation that could potentially have an adverse effect on our business. While we also seek to obtain assurances that others we interact with will protect confidential information, there is a risk the confidentiality of data held or accessed by others may be compromised. If a compromise of our data security or function of our computer systems or website were to occur, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition and, possibly, subject us to additional legal, regulatory and operating costs and damage our reputation in the marketplace. Business interruptions may negatively impact our store hours, operability of our computer systems and the availability and cost of merchandise which may adversely impact our sales and profitability. War or acts of terrorism, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes or other natural disasters, or the threat of any of these calamities or others, may have a negative impact on our ability to obtain merchandise to sell in our stores, result in certain of our stores being closed for an extended period of time, negatively affect the lives of our customers or Team Members, or otherwise negatively impact our operations. Some of our merchandise is imported from other countries. If imported goods become difficult or impossible to import into the United States, and if we cannot obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar costs, our sales and profit margins may be negatively affected. In the event that commercial transportation is curtailed or substantially delayed, our business may be adversely impacted, as we may have difficulty receiving merchandise from our suppliers and shipping it to our stores. Terrorist attacks, war in the Middle East, or insurrection involving any oil producing country could result in an abrupt increase in the price of crude oil, gasoline and diesel fuel. Such price increases would increase the cost of doing business for us and our suppliers, and also would negatively impact our customers’ disposable income and have an adverse impact on our business, sales, profit margins and results of operations. We rely extensively on our computer systems and the systems of our business partners to manage inventory, process transactions and report results. Any such systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, security breaches and catastrophic events. If our computer systems or those of our business partners fail we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to process transactions and manage inventory. Any such loss, if widespread or extended, could adversely affect the operation of our business and our results of operations. We may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, or market responses to such change. The concern over climate change has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions (GHG). For example, proposals that would impose mandatory requirements on GHG continue to be considered by policy makers in the United States and elsewhere. Laws enacted to reduce GHG that directly or indirectly affect our suppliers (through an increase in their cost of production) or our business (through an impact on our inventory availability, cost of sales, operations or demand for the products we sell) could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. New federal or state restrictions on emissions that may be imposed on vehicles could also adversely affect 15 Table of Contents annual miles driven or the demand for the products we sell and lead to changes in automotive technology. Changes in automotive technology and compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers all of which could adversely impact the demand for our products and our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Item 1B