 Risks Relating to our Company We have a limited operating history and it is difficult
to predict our future growth and operating results. Our business began in February 2012
as a subsidiary of KAI when we began conducting market due diligence, establishing the infrastructure and seeking to obtain the
necessary regulatory approvals to be able to assume and write homeowners’ insurance policies focusing on catastrophes in
the gulf states of the United States. We assumed our first insurance policies from Citizens in December 2012. Due to our limited
operating history, our ability to execute our business strategy is uncertain and our operations and prospects are subject to all
risks inherent in a developing business enterprise. Our limited operating history also makes it difficult to evaluate our long-term
commercial viability. More specifically, our ability to execute our business strategy must be evaluated in light of the problems,
expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by new businesses in general as well as by property and casualty insurance companies
doing business only in one state and offering primarily homeowners’ insurance policies in particular. We may not have future opportunities to participate
in Citizens take-out programs. We were able to obtain policies from
the annual Citizens take-out process in 2012-2014, from which we have approximately 7,600 policies in-force representing approximately
35% of our total policies in-force as of December 31, 2014. While the company plans on continued annual participation in this Citizens
take-out program the marketplace environment may change in future years and we may not be able to obtain the quantity or quality
of policies currently obtained. Additionally, competitors could change their risk profile characteristics, and write these risks
directly, which would cause us to lose these policies. The loss of these policies could impact our ability to absorb fixed expenses
with lower volumes in the future. A substantial portion of our in-force policies acquired
through the Citizens take-out program cover losses arising only from wind and hail, which creates large concentration of our business
in wind and hail only coverage and limits our ability to implement our restrictive underwriting guidelines. While Citizens writes full peril protection
policies in addition to wind and hail only policies, the majority of policies that we have obtained through the Citizens take-out
program cover losses arising only from wind and hail and these policyholders prior to our take-out were not able to obtain such
coverage from the marketplace other than through Citizens. Approximately 34% of our total number of policies in-force as of December
31, 2014 are for wind and hail only coverage that other insurance companies have declined to insure, which may expose us to greater
risk from catastrophic events. Our voluntary independent agency program includes various restrictive underwriting strategies. We
are unable to implement these restrictive underwriting strategies to the wind and hail only policies that are taken-out from Citizens.
Upon renewal of these policies, however, we analyze replacement cost scenarios to ensure appropriate amount of coverage is in effect.
Our results may be negatively impacted by these limitations. We have a risk posed by the lack of geographic diversification
and concentration of policyholders in Louisiana. Louisiana is a relatively small state
with approximately 400 miles of exposed coastline to the Gulf of Mexico based on data from the U.S. Department of Commerce. According
to the Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority of Louisiana, over 2 million residents — approximately 47%
of the state’s population based on 2009 U.S. Census estimates — live in Louisiana’s coastal parishes.
If we are not able to expand to other states or increase distribution within Louisiana, we may risk higher reinsurance costs and
greater loss experience with storm activity occurring in Louisiana. Our strategy to expand into other states may not succeed Our strategy for growth includes potentially
entering into new states. This strategy could divert management’s attention. We cannot predict whether we will be able to
enter new states or whether applicable state regulators will grant Maison a license to do business in such states. We cannot know
if we will realize the anticipated benefits of operating in new states or if there will be substantial unanticipated costs associated
with such expansion. Any of these factors could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 9 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. We have exposure to unpredictable catastrophes, which
may have a material adverse effect on our financial results if they occur. We offer full peril protection and wind/hail-only
insurance policies that cover homeowners and owners of manufactured homes, as well as dwelling fire policies for owners of property
rented to others, for losses that result from, among other things, catastrophes. We are therefore subject to claims arising out
of catastrophes that may have a significant effect on our business, results of operations, and/or financial condition. Catastrophes
can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, tropical storms, tornadoes, windstorms, earthquakes, hailstorms, explosions,
power outages, fires and by man-made events, such as terrorist attacks. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently
unpredictable. The extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected
by the event and the severity of the event. Our policyholders are currently concentrated in Louisiana, which is especially subject
to adverse weather conditions such as hurricanes and tropical storms. Insurance companies are not permitted to reserve for catastrophes
until such an event takes place. Therefore, although we actively manage our exposure to catastrophes through our underwriting process
and the purchase of reinsurance protection, an especially severe catastrophe or series of catastrophes could exceed our reinsurance
protection and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and/or financial condition. Our results may fluctuate based on many factors, including
cyclical changes in the insurance industry. The insurance business has historically
been a cyclical industry characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity, as well
as periods when shortages of capacity permitted an increase in pricing and, thus, more favorable underwriting profits. An increase
in premium levels is often offset over time by an increasing supply of insurance capacity in the form of capital provided by new
entrants and existing insurers, which may cause prices to decrease. Any of these factors could lead to a significant reduction
in premium rates, less favorable policy terms and fewer opportunities to underwrite insurance risks and any of these factors could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. In addition to these considerations, changes in the
frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance business significantly.
These factors may cause the price of our common stock to be volatile. We cannot predict whether market conditions
will improve, remain constant or deteriorate. Negative market conditions may impair our ability to write insurance at rates that
we consider appropriate relative to the risk assumed. If we are not able to write insurance at appropriate rates, our ability to
transact business would be materially and adversely affected. Increased competition could adversely impact our results
and growth. The property and
casualty insurance industry is highly competitive. We compete not only with other stock companies but also with mutual
companies, underwriting organizations and alternative risk sharing mechanisms. Many of our competitors have substantially
greater resources and name recognition than us. While our principal competitors cannot be easily classified, Maison considers
its primary competing insurers to be: ASI Lloyds, Lighthouse Property Insurance Corporation, Louisiana Farm Bureau Insurance,
Imperial F&C Insurance Company, Americas Insurance Company, Access Home Insurance Company, Family Security Insurance
Company, Gulfstream Property and Casualty Insurance Company, Federated National Insurance Company, and Centauri Specialty
Insurance Company. Our principal lines of business are written by numerous other insurance companies. Competition for any one
account may come from very large national firms, smaller regional companies or companies that write insurance only in
Louisiana. We compete for business not only on the basis of price, but also on the basis of financial strength, availability
of coverage desired by customers, underwriting criteria and quality of service to our agents and insureds. We may have
difficulty in continuing to compete successfully on any of these bases in the future. In addition, industry developments could
further increase competition in our industry, including: ● an influx of new capital in the marketplace as existing companies attempt to expand their businesses
and new companies attempt to enter the insurance business as a result of better pricing and/or terms; ● the creation or expansion of programs in which state-sponsored entities provide property insurance
in catastrophe-prone areas or other alternative market types of coverage; ● changing practices caused by the Internet, which has led to greater competition in the insurance
business; ● changes to Louisiana’s regulatory climate, and; ● the passage of federal proposals for an optional federal charter that would allow some competing
insurers to operate under regulations different or less stringent than those applicable to our insurance subsidiary. These developments and others could
make the property and casualty insurance marketplace more competitive. If competition limits our ability to write new business
at adequate rates, our future results of operations would be adversely affected. 10 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. If our actual losses from insureds exceed our loss
reserves, our financial results would be adversely affected. We record liabilities, which are referred
to as reserves, for specific claims incurred and reported as well as reserves for claims incurred but not reported. The estimates
of losses for reported claims are established on a case-by-case basis. Such estimates are based on our particular experience with
the type of risk involved and our knowledge of the circumstances surrounding each individual claim. Reserves for reported claims
encapsulate our total estimate of the cost to settle the claims, including investigation and defense of the claim, and may be
adjusted for differences between costs as originally estimated and the costs as re-estimated or incurred. Reserves for incurred
but not reported claims are based on the estimated ultimate cost of settling claims, including the effects of inflation and other
social and economic factors, using past experience adjusted for current trends and any other factors that would modify past experience.
We use a variety of statistical and actuarial techniques to analyze current claim costs, frequency and severity data, and prevailing
economic, social and legal factors. While management believes that amounts included in the consolidated financial statements for
loss and loss adjustment expense reserves are adequate, there can be no assurance that future changes in loss development, favorable
or unfavorable, will not occur. Due to these uncertainties, the ultimate losses may vary materially from current
loss reserves which could have a material adverse effect on our future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. As of December 31, 2014, our direct
loss and loss adjustment expense reserves of $1.2 million were comprised of incurred but not reported reserves of $0.45 million
and known case reserves of $0.75 million. The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on
our business are uncertain. As industry practices and legal, judicial,
social and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. These
changes may have a material adverse effect on our business by extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing
the number or size of claims. In some instances, these changes may not become apparent until sometime after we have issued insurance
contracts that are affected by the changes. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance contracts may not be
known for many years after a contract is issued and/or renewed, and this may have a material adverse effect on our financial position
and results of operations. The failure of third party adjusters to properly evaluate
claims or the failure of our claims handling administrator to pay claims fairly could adversely affect our business, financial
results and capital requirements. We have outsourced our claim adjusting
function to third party adjusters and therefore rely on these third party adjusters to accurately evaluate claims that are made
under our policies. Many factors affect our ability to pay claims accurately, including the training and experience of their claims
representatives, the culture of their respective claims organizations, the effectiveness of their management and their ability
to develop or select and implement appropriate procedures and systems to support their claims functions. MMI functions as our claims
administrator and authorizes payment based on recommendations from third party adjusters; any failure on the part of the third
party adjusters to recommend payment on claims fairly could lead to material litigation, undermine our reputation in the marketplace,
impair our image and adversely affect our financial results. If we are unable to expand our business because our
capital must be used to pay greater than anticipated claims, our financial results may suffer. Our future growth may depend on our
ability to expand the number of insurance policies we write, the kinds of insurance products we offer and the geographic markets
in which we do business, all balanced by the business risks we choose to assume and cede. Our existing sources of funds include
possible sales of our securities and our earnings from operations and investments. Unexpected catastrophic events in our market
areas, such as the hurricanes experienced in Louisiana in recent years, may result in greater claims losses than anticipated, which
could require us to limit or halt our growth while we redeploy our capital to pay these unanticipated claims, unless we are able
to raise additional capital. 11 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. Our financial results may be negatively affected by
the fact that a portion of our income is generated by the investment of our company’s capital and surplus, premiums and loss
reserves in money market funds and other investment vehicles. A portion of our expected income is
likely to be generated by the investment of our cash reserves in money market funds, bonds, and other investment vehicles. The
amount of income generated in this manner is a function of our investment policy, available investment opportunities, and the amount
of invested assets. If we experience larger than expected losses, our invested assets may need to be liquidated in order to meet
the operating cash needs for paying current claims, which may result in lower investment income. We periodically review our investment
policy in light of our then-current circumstances and available investment opportunities. Fluctuating interest rates and other
economic factors make it impossible to accurately estimate the amount of investment income that will actually be realized. We may
realize losses on our investments, which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and/or financial condition. We may experience financial exposure from climate change. Our financial exposure from climate
change is most notably associated with losses in connection with increasing occurrences of hurricanes striking Louisiana. We attempt
to mitigate the risk of financial exposure from climate change through restrictive underwriting criteria, sensitivity to geographic
concentrations and reinsurance. Restrictive underwriting criteria can include, but are not limited to, higher premiums and deductibles
and excluded policy risks, such as fences and screened-in enclosures. Our maximum reinsurance coverage amount is determined by
subjecting our homeowner exposures to statistical forecasting models that are designed to quantify a catastrophic event in terms
of the frequency of a storm occurring once in every 100 years. 100 years is used as a measure of the relative size of a storm as
compared to a storm expected to occur once every 250 years, which would be larger, or conversely, a storm expected to occur once
every 50 years, which would be smaller. We assess the appropriateness of the level of reinsurance we purchase by giving consideration
to our own risk appetite, the opinions of independent rating agencies and the LDI requirements. Our amount of losses retained (referred
to as our deductible) in connection with a catastrophic event is determined by market capacity, pricing conditions and surplus
preservation. Industry trends, such as increased litigation against
the insurance industry and individual insurers, the willingness of courts to expand covered causes of loss, rising jury awards,
and the escalation of loss severity, may contribute to increased costs and to the deterioration of the reserves of our insurance
subsidiary. Loss severity in the property and casualty
insurance industry has continued to increase in recent years, principally driven by larger court judgments. In addition, many legal
actions and proceedings have been brought on behalf of classes of complainants, which can further increase the size of judgments.
The propensity of policyholders and third party claimants to litigate, the willingness of courts to expand causes of loss and the
size of awards may render the loss reserves of our insurance subsidiary inadequate for current and future losses, which could have
a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operation and cash flows. Our ability to compete in the property and casualty
insurance industry and our ability to expand our business may be negatively affected by the fact that we do not have a rating from
A.M. Best. We are not rated by A.M. Best, although
we currently have a Financial Stability Rating (FSR) of ‘A’ Exceptional from Demotech, Inc. We have never been reviewed
by A.M. Best and do not intend to seek a rating from A.M. Best. Unlike Demotech, A.M. Best tends to penalize companies that are
highly leveraged, i.e. that utilize reinsurance to support premium writings. We do not plan to give up revenues or efficiency of
size as a means to qualify for an acceptable A.M. Best rating. While our Demotech rating has proved satisfactory to date in attracting
an acceptable amount of business from independent agents, some independent agents are reluctant to do business with a company that
is not rated by A.M. Best. As a result, not having an A.M. Best rating may prevent us from expanding our business into certain
independent agencies or limit our access to credit from certain financial institutions, which may in turn limit our ability to
compete with large, national insurance companies and certain regional insurance companies. 12 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. We rely on independent agents to write our insurance
policies, and if we are not able to attract and retain independent agents, our revenues would be negatively affected. While we currently obtain many of our
policies through the assumption of policies from Citizens, we still require the cooperation and consent of our network of independent
agents. In the future, we may rely on these independent agents to be the primary source for our property insurance policies. Many
of our competitors also rely on independent agents. As a result, we must compete with other insurers for independent agents’
business. Our competitors may offer a greater variety of insurance products, lower premiums for insurance coverage or higher commissions
to their agents. If our products, pricing and commissions are not competitive, we may find it difficult to attract business from
independent agents to sell our products. A material reduction in the amount of our products that independent agents sell would
adversely affect our revenues. We face a risk of non-availability of reinsurance,
which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to write business and our results of operations and financial condition. We use, and we expect to continue to
use, reinsurance to help manage our exposure to catastrophic losses due to various events, including hurricanes, windstorms, hailstorms,
explosions, power outages, fires and man-made events. The availability and cost of reinsurance are each subject to prevailing market
conditions beyond our control which can affect business volume and profitability. We may be unable to maintain our current reinsurance
coverage, to obtain additional reinsurance coverage in the event our current reinsurance coverage is exhausted by a catastrophic
event, or to obtain other reinsurance coverage in adequate amounts or at acceptable rates. Similar risks exist whether we are seeking
to replace coverage terminated during the applicable coverage period or to renew or replace coverage upon its expiration. We can
provide no assurance that we can obtain sufficient reinsurance to cover losses resulting from one or more storms in the future,
or that we can obtain such reinsurance in a timely or cost-effective manner. If we are unable to renew our expiring coverage or
to obtain new reinsurance coverage, either our net exposure to risk would increase or, if we are unwilling to accept an increase
in net risk exposures, we would have to reduce the amount of risk we underwrite. Either increasing our net exposure to risk or
reducing the amount of risk we underwrite may cause a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition. We face a risk of non-collectability of reinsurance,
which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. Although reinsurers are liable to us
to the extent of the reinsurance coverage we purchase, we remain primarily liable as the direct insurer on all risks that we reinsure.
Therefore, our reinsurance agreements do not eliminate our obligation to pay claims. As a result, we are subject to risk with respect
to our ability to recover amounts due from reinsurers. The risk could arise in two situations: (a) our reinsurers may dispute some
of our reinsurance claims based on contract terms, and we may ultimately receive partial or no payment, or (b) the amount of losses
that reinsurers incur related to worldwide catastrophes may materially harm the financial condition of our reinsurers and cause
them to default on their obligations. While we will attempt to manage these risks through underwriting guidelines, collateral requirements,
financial strength ratings, credit reviews and other oversight mechanisms, our efforts may not be successful. Further, while we
may require collateral to support balances due from reinsurers not authorized to transact business in the applicable jurisdictions,
balances generally are not collateralized because it has not always been standard business practice to require security for balances
due. As a result, our exposure to credit risk may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition
and cash flow. We use actuarially driven catastrophe models to provide
us with risk management guidelines. As is common practice within the insurance
industry, we run our exposures in an actuarially driven model that uses past storm data to predict future loss of certain events
reoccurring based upon the location and other data of our insured properties. These models, which are provided by independent third
parties, can produce wide ranging results within Louisiana. While we use these models along with the advice of our reinsurance intermediary
to select the amount and type of reinsurance to mitigate the loss of capital from catastrophic wind events, these models are not
verified, and there are risks that the amount of reinsurance purchased will be insufficient to cover the ultimate catastrophic wind
event and that the probability of a catastrophic event occurring may be larger. 13 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. The failure of the risk mitigation strategies we utilize
could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We utilize a number of strategies to
mitigate our risk exposure including: ● utilizing restrictive underwriting criteria; ● carefully evaluating and monitoring the terms and conditions of our policies; ● focusing on our risk aggregations by geographic zones and; ● ceding insurance risk to reinsurance companies. However, there are inherent limitations
in all of these tactics. No assurance can be given that an event or series of events will not result in loss levels which could
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we
employ could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or our results of operations. Various provisions of our policies,
such as limitations or exclusions from coverage which have been negotiated to limit our risks, may not be enforceable in the manner
we intend. At the present time, we employ a variety of endorsements to our policies that limit exposure to known risks, including
but not limited to exclusions relating to homes in close proximity to the coast line. In addition, the policies we issue contain
conditions requiring the prompt reporting of claims to us or to our claims handling administrator and our right to decline coverage
in the event of a violation of that condition. While our insurance product exclusions and limitations reduce the loss exposure
to us and help eliminate known exposures to certain risks, it is possible that a court or regulatory authority could nullify or
void an exclusion or that legislation could be enacted modifying or barring the use of such endorsements and limitations in a way
that would increase our loss experience, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Maison is subject to an independent third party rating
agency and must maintain certain rating levels to continue to write much of its current and future policies. In the event that Maison fails to maintain
an “A” rating given by a rating agency acceptable to both our insurance agents and our insureds’ home lenders,
it will be unable to continue to write much of its current and future insurance policies. Principally, among several factors, Maison
must maintain certain minimum capital and surplus. The loss of such an acceptable rating may lead to a significant decline in our
premium volume and adversely affect the results of our operations. Demotech, Inc. affirmed our Financial Stability Rating of “A”
on November 18, 2014. This “Exceptional” rating continues as long as we maintain a minimum amount of capital and surplus
of $7.5 million, and continue to satisfy additional requirements, including improving underwriting results and reporting other
financial measures, submitting quarterly statutory financial statements within 45 days and annual statutory financial statements
within 60 days of the period end. If we fail to establish and maintain an effective system
of integrated internal controls, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Ensuring that we have adequate internal
financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis
is a costly and time-consuming effort that will need to be evaluated frequently. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires
public companies to conduct an annual review and evaluation of their internal controls and attestations of the effectiveness of
internal controls by independent auditors. We currently qualify as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act (the “JOBS Act”), and are exempt from the auditors’ attestation requirement and will continue to
be exempt until such time as we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. Regardless of our qualification status, we will
still need to implement substantial control systems and procedures in order to satisfy the reporting requirements under the Exchange
Act and applicable requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market, or NASDAQ, among other items. Establishing these internal controls
will be costly and may divert management’s attention. Evaluation by us of our internal controls
over financial reporting may identify material weaknesses that may cause us to be unable to report our financial information on
a timely basis and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions by the SEC, or violations of NASDAQ
listing rules. There also could be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in us and
the reliability of our financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of our financial statements also could suffer if we
or our independent registered public accounting firm were to report a material weakness in our internal controls over financial
reporting. This may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could also
lead to a decline in the price of our common stock. 14 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. While we currently qualify as an “emerging growth
company” under the JOBS Act, we cannot be certain if we take advantage of the reduced disclosure requirements applicable
to emerging growth companies that we will not make our common stock less attractive to investors. Once we lose emerging growth
company status, the costs and demands placed upon our management are expected to increase. The JOBS Act permits “emerging
growth companies” like us to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements applicable to other
public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As long as we qualify as an emerging growth company, we would be permitted,
and we intend to, omit the auditor’s attestation on internal control over financial reporting that would otherwise be required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as described above. We also intend to take advantage of the exemption provided under the JOBS Act from
the requirements to submit say on pay, say on frequency, and say on golden parachute votes to our stockholders and we will avail
ourselves of reduced executive compensation disclosure that is already available to smaller reporting companies. In addition, Section
107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or
revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company.
An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of these benefits until we are no longer an emerging growth company
or until we affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of this exemption. Our financial statements may therefore not be comparable to
those of companies that comply with such new or revised accounting standards. We will continue to be an emerging growth
company until the earliest to occur of (i) the last day of the fiscal year during which we had total annual gross revenues of at
least $1 billion (as indexed for inflation), (ii) December 31, 2019 (iii) the date on which we have, during the previous three-year
period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a “large accelerated
filer,” as defined under the Exchange Act. Until such time that we lose “emerging
growth company” status, it is unclear if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these
exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for
our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile and could cause our stock price to decline. Once we lose emerging growth
company status, we expect the costs and demands placed upon our management to increase, as we would have to comply with additional
disclosure and accounting requirements. Our information technology systems may fail or suffer
a loss of security which may have a material adverse effect on our business. Our business is highly dependent upon
the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our computer and data processing systems. We rely on these systems to perform actuarial
and other modeling functions necessary for our underwriting business, as well as to handle our policy administration processes
(such as the printing and mailing of our policies, endorsements, and renewal notices, etc.). The failure of these systems could
interrupt our operations. This could result in a material adverse effect on our business results. The development and expansion of our
business is dependent upon the successful development and implementation of advanced computer and data processing systems. The
failure of these systems to function as planned could slow our growth and adversely affect our future business volume and results
of operations. We believe that our independent agents
will play a key role in our efforts to increase the number of voluntary policies written by our insurance subsidiary. We utilize
various policy administration, rating, and issuance systems. Internet disruptions or system failures of our current policy administration,
policy rating and policy issuance system could affect our future business volume and results of operations. In addition, a security
breach of our computer systems could damage our reputation or result in liability. We retain confidential information regarding
our business dealings and our customers in our computer systems. We may be required to spend significant capital and other resources
to protect against security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. It is critical that these facilities and
infrastructure remain secure. Despite the implementation of security measures, our infrastructure may be vulnerable to physical
break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by third parties or other disruptive problems. In addition, we could be
subject to liability if hackers were able to penetrate our network security or otherwise misappropriate customer’s personal
data or other confidential information. 15 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. Any failure on the part of our third-party policy administration
processor could lead to material litigation, undermine our reputation in the marketplace, impair our image and negatively affect
our financial results. We outsource our policy administration
process to an unaffiliated, independent third party service provider. Any failure on the part of such third party to properly handle
our policy administration process could lead to material litigation, undermine our reputation in the marketplace, impair our image
and negatively affect our financial results. The requirements of being a public company may strain
our resources, divert management’s attention and affect our ability to attract and retain qualified board members. As a public company, we are subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and NASDAQ rules, including those promulgated in response
to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The requirements of these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs,
make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. The Exchange Act
requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to our business and financial condition.
The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal
controls for financial reporting. To maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, we will
need to continually commit significant resources, hire additional staff and provide additional management oversight. In addition,
sustaining our growth will require us to commit additional management, operational and financial resources to identify new professionals
to join our organization and to maintain appropriate operational and financial systems to adequately support expansion. These activities
may divert management’s attention from other business concerns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We expect to incur significant additional
annual expenses related to these steps associated with, among other things, director fees, reporting requirements, transfer agent
fees, additional accounting, legal and administrative personnel, increased auditing and legal fees and similar expenses. We also
expect that the new rules and regulations to which we will be subject as a result of being a public company will make it more expensive
for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage for such directors
and officers. Any of these factors could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of
directors. Finally, we expect to incur additional costs once we lose “emerging growth company status.” We have a limited operating history as a publicly-traded
company, and our inexperience may have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. We have a limited operating history
as a publicly-traded company. Our board of directors and senior management team has overall responsibility for our management and
not all of our directors and members of our senior management team have prior experience in operating a public company. As a publicly-traded
company, we are required to develop and implement substantial control systems, policies and procedures in order to satisfy our
periodic SEC reporting and NASDAQ obligations. We cannot assure you that management’s past experience will be sufficient
to successfully develop and implement these systems, policies and procedures and to operate our company. Failure to do so could
jeopardize our status as a public company, and the loss of such status may have a material adverse effect on us and our stockholders. We may require additional capital in the future which
may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms. Our future capital requirements depend
on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels
sufficient to cover losses. To the extent that our present capital is insufficient to meet future operating requirements or to
cover losses, we may need to raise additional funds through financings or curtail our projected growth. Many factors will affect
our capital needs as well as their amount and timing, including our growth and profitability, the availability of reinsurance,
as well as possible acquisition opportunities, market disruptions and other developments. If we had to raise additional capital,
equity or debt financing may not be available at all or may be available only on terms that are not favorable to us. In the case
of equity financings, dilution to our stockholders could result, and in any case such securities may have rights, preferences and
privileges that are senior to those of existing stockholders. If we cannot obtain adequate capital on favorable terms or at all,
our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 16 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. Our acquisition strategy may not succeed. Our strategy for growth includes acquisition
transactions. This strategy could divert management’s attention, or, if implemented, create difficulties including the integration
of operations and the retention of employees, and the contingent and latent risks associated with our transaction partner. The
risks associated with the acquisition of a smaller insurance company include: ● inadequacy of reserves for losses and loss expenses; ● quality of their data and underwriting processes; ● the need to supplement management with additional experienced personnel; ● conditions imposed by regulatory agencies that make the realization of cost-savings through integration
of operations more difficult; ● the requirement for regulatory approval for certain acquisitions; ● a need for additional capital that was not anticipated at the time of the acquisition; and ● the use of a substantial amount of our management’s time. We cannot predict whether we will be
able to identify and complete a future transaction on terms favorable to us. We cannot know if we will realize the anticipated
benefits of a completed transaction or if there will be substantial unanticipated costs associated with the transaction. In addition,
a future transaction may result in tax consequences at either or both the stockholder and company level, potentially dilutive issuances
of our securities, the incurrence of additional debt and the recognition of potential impairment of goodwill and other intangible
assets. Each of these factors could adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. The development and implementation of new technologies
will require an additional investment of our capital resources in the future. Frequent technological changes, new
products and services and evolving industry standards all influence the insurance business. The Internet, for example, is increasingly
used to transmit benefits and related information to clients and to facilitate business-to-business information exchange and transactions.
We believe that the development and implementation of new technologies will require additional investment of our capital resources
in the future. We have not determined, however, the amount of resources and the time that this development and implementation may
require, which may result in short-term, unexpected interruptions to our business, or may result in a competitive disadvantage
in price and/or efficiency, as we endeavor to develop or implement new technologies. Our success depends on our ability to accurately price
the risks we underwrite. The results of our operations and the
financial condition of our insurance subsidiary depend on our ability to underwrite and set premium rates accurately for a wide
variety of risks. Rate adequacy is necessary to generate sufficient premiums to pay losses, loss adjustment expenses and underwriting
expenses and to earn a profit. In order to price our products accurately, we must collect and properly analyze a substantial amount
of data, develop, test and apply appropriate rating formulas, closely monitor and timely recognize changes in trends and project
both severity and frequency of losses with reasonable accuracy. Our ability to undertake these efforts successfully, and thereby
price our products accurately, is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which are outside our control, including: ● the availability of sufficient reliable data and our ability to properly analyze such data; ● uncertainties that inherently characterize estimates and assumptions; ● our selection and application of appropriate rating and pricing techniques; ● changes in legal standards, claim settlement practices and restoration costs; and ● legislatively imposed consumer initiatives. 17 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. Because we have assumed a substantial
portion of our current policies from Citizens, our rates are based, to a certain extent, on the rates charged by Citizens. In determining
the rates we charge in connection with the policies we assumed from Citizens, our rates must be equal to or less than the rates
charged by Citizens. If Citizens reduces its rates, we must reduce our rates to keep them equivalent to or less than Citizens’
rates; however, if Citizens increases its rates, we may not automatically increase our rates. Additionally, absent certain circumstances,
we must continue to provide coverage to the policyholders that we assume from Citizens if we have underwritten the same policyholder
for a period of three consecutive years. If we underprice our risks, it may negatively affect our profit margins and if we overprice
risks, it could reduce our customer retention, sales volume and competitiveness. Either event may have a material adverse effect
on the profitability of our insurance subsidiary. Current operating resources are necessary to develop
future new insurance products. We currently intend to expand our product
offerings by underwriting additional insurance products and programs, and marketing them through our distribution network. Expansion
of our product offerings will result in increases in expenses due to additional costs incurred in actuarial rate justifications,
software and personnel. Offering additional insurance products may also require regulatory approval, further increasing our costs
and potentially affecting the speed with which we will be able to pursue new market opportunities. There can be no assurance that
we will be successful bringing new insurance products to our marketplace. As an insurance holding company, we are currently subject
to regulation by the State of Louisiana and in the future may become subject to regulation by certain other states or a federal
regulator. All states regulate insurance holding
company systems. State statutes and administrative rules generally require each insurance company in the holding company group
to register with the department of insurance in its state of domicile and to furnish information concerning the operations of the
companies within the holding company system which may materially affect the operations, management or financial condition of the
insurers within the group. As part of its registration, each insurance company must identify material agreements, relationships
and transactions with affiliates, including without limitation loans, investments, asset transfers, transactions outside of the
ordinary course of business, certain management, service, and cost sharing agreements, reinsurance transactions, dividends, and
consolidated tax allocation agreements. Insurance holding company regulations generally provide that transactions between an insurance
company and its affiliates must be fair and equitable, allocated between the parties in accordance with customary accounting practices,
and fully disclosed in the records of the respective parties. Many types of transactions between an insurance company and its affiliates,
such as transfers of assets among such affiliated companies, certain dividend payments from insurance subsidiaries and certain
material transactions between companies within the system, may be subject to prior notice to, or prior approval by, state regulatory
authorities. If we are unable to provide the required materials or obtain the requisite prior approval for a specific transaction,
we may be precluded from taking the actions, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our insurance subsidiary currently operates
only in Louisiana. In the future, our insurance subsidiary may become authorized to transact business in other states and therefore
will become subject to the laws and regulatory requirements of those states. These regulations may vary from state to state, and
certain states may have regulations which conflict with the regulations of other states. Currently, the federal government’s
role in regulating or dictating the policies of insurance companies is limited. However, Congress, from time to time, considers
proposals that would increase the role of the federal government in insurance regulation, either in addition to or in lieu of state
regulation. The impact of any future federal insurance regulation on our insurance operations is unclear and may adversely impact
our business or competitive position. 18 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. Our insurance subsidiary is subject to extensive regulation
which may reduce our profitability or inhibit our growth. Moreover, if we fail to comply with these regulations, we may be subject
to penalties, including fines and suspensions, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results
of operations. The insurance industry is highly regulated
and supervised. Maison Insurance Company, our insurance subsidiary, is subject to the supervision and regulation of the state in
which it is domiciled (Louisiana) and the state(s) in which it does business (currently only Louisiana). Such supervision and regulation
is primarily designed to protect policyholders rather than shareholders. These regulations are generally administered by a department
of insurance in each state and relate to, among other things: ● the content and timing of required notices and other policyholder information; ● the amount of premiums the insurer may write in relation to its surplus; ● the amount and nature of reinsurance a company is required to purchase; ● approval of insurance company acquisitions; ● participation in guaranty funds and other statutorily-created markets or organizations; ● business operations and claims practices; ● approval of policy forms and premium rates; ● standards of solvency, including risk-based capital measurements; ● licensing of insurers and their products; ● licensing of agents and managing general agents; ● restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments; ● restrictions on the ability of our insurance company subsidiary to pay dividends to us; ● restrictions on transactions between insurance company subsidiaries and their affiliates; ● restrictions on the size of risks insurable under a single policy; ● requiring deposits for the benefit of policyholders; ● requiring certain methods of accounting; ● periodic examinations of our operations and finances; ● prescribing the form and content of records of financial condition required to be filed; and ● requiring reserves as required by statutory accounting rules. The LDI and regulators in other jurisdictions
where our insurance subsidiary may become licensed conduct periodic examinations of the affairs of insurance companies and require
the filing of annual and other reports relating to financial condition, holding company issues and other matters. These regulatory
requirements may adversely affect or inhibit our ability to achieve some or all of our business objectives. These regulatory authorities
also conduct periodic examinations into insurers’ business practices. These reviews may reveal deficiencies in our insurance
operations or differences between our interpretations of regulatory requirements and those of the regulators. In addition, regulatory
authorities have relatively broad discretion to deny or revoke licenses for various reasons, including the violation of regulations.
In some instances, we follow practices based on our interpretations of regulations or practices that we believe may be generally
followed by the industry. These practices may turn out to be different from the interpretations of regulatory authorities. If we
do not have the requisite licenses and approvals or do not comply with applicable regulatory requirements, insurance regulatory
authorities could prevent or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our business or otherwise penalize us. Any
such outcome may have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business. Finally, changes in the level of regulation
of the insurance industry or changes in laws or regulations themselves or interpretations by regulatory authorities may have a
material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business. Maison Insurance is subject to minimum capital and
surplus requirements, and our failure to meet these requirements could subject us to regulatory action. Maison is subject to risk-based capital
standards and other minimum capital and surplus requirements imposed under the laws of Louisiana (or other states where we may
eventually conduct business). The risk-based capital standards, based upon the Risk-Based Capital Model Act adopted by the National
Association of Insurance Commissioners, or NAIC, require Maison to report its results of risk-based capital calculations to state
departments of insurance and the NAIC. These risk-based capital standards provide for different levels of regulatory attention
depending upon the ratio of an insurance company’s total adjusted capital, as calculated in accordance with NAIC guidelines,
to its authorized control level risk-based capital. Authorized control level risk-based capital is the number determined by applying
the NAIC’s risk-based capital formula, which measures the minimum amount of capital that an insurance company needs to support
its overall business operations. In addition, Maison is required to maintain
certain minimum capital and surplus and to limit its written premiums to specified multiples of its capital and surplus. Maison
Insurance could exceed these ratios if its volume increases faster than anticipated or if its surplus declines due to catastrophic
and/or non-catastrophic losses, excessive underwriting and/or operational expenses. Any failure by Maison to meet the applicable
risk-based capital or minimum statutory capital requirements or the writings ratio limitations imposed by the laws of Louisiana
(or other states where we may eventually conduct business) could subject it to further examination or corrective action imposed
by state regulators, including limitations on our writing of additional business, state supervision or liquidation. Any changes
in existing risk-based capital requirements, minimum statutory capital requirements or applicable writings ratios may require us
to increase our statutory capital levels, which we may be unable to do. 19 1347
PROPERTY INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. Should our retention rate be less than anticipated,
future results will be negatively impacted We make assumptions about the rate
at which our existing policies will renew for the purpose of projecting direct premiums written and the amount of reinsurance we
feel adequate based upon the projected amount of future exposure. If the actual exposure renewed is less than anticipated, our
direct premiums written would be adversely impacted. Furthermore, we may purchase more reinsurance than may be appropriate given
the actual amount of coverage in force. Our status as an insurance holding company could adversely
affect our ability to meet our obligations. As an insurance holding company, we
are dependent on dividends and other permitted payments from Maison to serve as operating capital. The ability of Maison to pay
dividends to us is subject to certain restrictions imposed under Louisiana insurance law, which is the state of domicile for Maison,
as well as pursuant to a consent agreement entered into with the Louisiana Department of Insurance as a condition of licensure. We may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees. We depend on our ability to attract
and retain experienced underwriting talent and other skilled employees who are knowledgeable about our business. If the quality
of our underwriters and other personnel decreases, we may be unable to maintain our current competitive position in the specialized
markets in which we operate and be unable to expand our operations, which could adversely affect our results. Because we have relatively
few employees, the loss of, or failure to attract, key personnel could also significantly impede the financial plans, growth, marketing
and other objectives of Maison. Our success depends to a substantial extent on the ability and experience of our senior management.
We believe that our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain additional skilled and qualified
personnel and to expand, train and manage our employees. We may not be successful in doing so, because the competition for experienced
personnel in the insurance industry is intense. Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater
resources than we have. We cannot be certain of our ability to identify, hire and retain adequately qualified personnel. We do
not have employment agreements with our employees. Failure to identify, hire and retain necessary key personnel could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our tax-loss carryforwards are
subject to restrictions. As of December 31, 2014 we had net operating loss carryforwards
(“NOLs”) for federal income tax purposes of approximately $845,000 which will be available to offset future taxable
income. As a result of certain changes in ownership and pursuant to Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
utilization of NOLs may be limited after an ownership change, as defined in Section 382. Due to various changes in our ownership,
a significant portion of these carry-forwards may be subject to significant restrictions with respect to our ability to use those
amounts to offset future taxable income. Use of our NOLs may be further limited as a result of future equity transactions. 20 1347 PROPERTY
INSURANCE HOLDINGS, INC. ITEM 1B