 The Company is subject to a number of significant risks
that might cause the Company’s actual results to vary materially from its forecasts, targets or projections, including: · achieving planned revenue and profit growth in each of the Company's business segments; · changes in customer requirements and in the volume of sales to principal customers; · the timing of orders and shipments; · emergence of new competitors or consolidation of existing competitors; and · industry demand fluctuations. The Company’s expectations for both short and long-term
future net revenues are based on the Company’s estimates of future demand. Orders from the Company’s principal customers
are ultimately based on demand from end-users and end-user demand can be difficult to predict. Low end-user demand would negatively
affect orders the Company receives from distributors and other principal customers which could, in turn adversely affect the Company’s
revenues in any fiscal period. If the Company’s estimates of sales are not accurate and the Company experiences unforeseen
variability in its revenues and operating results, the Company may be unable to adjust its expense levels accordingly and its
profit margins could be adversely affected. Because our products are primarily
sold by third parties, our financial results depend in part on the financial health of these parties and any loss of a third party
distributor could adversely affect the Company’s revenues. A number of the Company’s products are sold through third-party
distributors and large retailers. Some of our distributors also market products that compete with our products. Changes in the
financial or business conditions or the purchasing decisions of these third parties or their customers could affect our sales
and profitability. 7 Additionally, no assurances can be given that any or all of
such distributors or retailers will continue their relationships with the Company. Distributors and other significant retail customers
cannot easily be replaced and the loss of revenues and the Company’s inability to reduce expenses to compensate for the
loss of revenues could adversely affect the Company’s net revenues and profit margins. The ability to deliver products to our customers in a timely
manner and to satisfy our customers’ fulfillment standards are subject to several factors, some of which are beyond our
control. Customers place great emphasis on timely delivery of our products
for specific selling seasons, especially during our second and third fiscal quarters, and on the fulfillment of consumer demand
throughout the year. We cannot control all of the various factors that might affect product delivery to customers. Vendor production
delays, difficulties encountered in shipping from overseas and customs clearance delays are on-going risks of our business. We
also rely upon third-party carriers for our product shipments from our distribution centers to customers. Accordingly, we are
subject to risks, including labor disputes, inclement weather, natural disasters, possible acts of terrorism, availability of
shipping containers, and increased security restrictions associated with such carriers’ ability to provide delivery services
to meet our shipping needs. Failure to deliver products to our customers in a timely and effective manner, often under special
vendor requirements to use specific carriers and delivery schedules, could damage our reputation and brands and result in loss
of customers or reduced orders. Reliance on foreign suppliers could adversely affect the
Company’s business. The Company sources its products from suppliers located in
Asia, Europe and the United States. The Company’s Asia vendors are located primarily in China, which subjects the Company
to various risks within the region including regulatory, political, economic and foreign currency changes. The Company’s
ability to select and retain reliable vendors and suppliers who provide timely deliveries of quality products efficiently will
impact its success in meeting customer demand for timely delivery of quality products. The Company’s sourcing operations
and its vendors are impacted by labor costs in China. Labor historically has been readily available at low cost relative to labor
costs in North America. However, as China is experiencing rapid social, political and economic changes, labor costs have risen
in some regions and there can be no assurance that labor will continue to be available to the Company in China at costs consistent
with historical levels or that changes in labor or other laws will not be enacted which would have a material adverse effect on
the Company’s operations in China. Interruption of supplies from any of the Company’s vendors, or the loss of one
or more key vendors, could have a negative effect on the Company’s business and operating results. Changes in currency exchange rates might negatively affect
the profitability and business prospects of the Company and its overseas vendors. In particular, if the Chinese Renminbi appreciates
with respect to the U.S. Dollar in the future, the Company may experience cost increases on such purchases, and this can adversely
impact profitability. Future interventions by China may result in further currency appreciation and increase our product costs
over time. The Company may not be successful at implementing customer pricing or other actions in an effort to mitigate
the related effects of the product cost increases. Additional factors that could adversely affect the Company’s
business include increases in transportation costs, new or increased import duties, transportation delays, work stoppages, capacity
constraints and poor quality. The Company’s operations are increasingly global in
nature. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the political and economic
conditions in the countries in which we conduct business, by fluctuations in currency exchange rates and other factors related
to our international operations. As our international operations and activities expand, we face
increasing exposure to the risks of operating in foreign countries. These factors include: • Changes generally in political, regulatory or economic conditions in the countries in which we conduct business. • Trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including government subsidies, tax benefits, changes in local tax rates, trade actions (such as anti-dumping proceedings) and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over the company. 8 • Changes in foreign currency exchange rates which could adversely affect our competitive position, selling prices and manufacturing costs, and therefore the demand for our products in a particular market. These risks could affect the cost of manufacturing and selling
our products, our pricing, sales volume, and ultimately our financial performance. The likelihood of such occurrences and their
potential effect on the Company vary from country to country and are unpredictable. Continuing uncertainty in the global economy could negatively
impact our business. Uncertainty in the global economy could adversely affect our
customers and our suppliers and businesses such as ours. In addition, any uncertainty could have a variety of negative effects
on the Company, such as reduction in revenues, increased costs, lower gross margin percentages, increased allowances for doubtful
accounts and/or write-offs of accounts receivable and could otherwise have material adverse effects on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. The Company’s business is subject to risks associated
with seasonality which could adversely affect its cash flow, financial condition, or results of operations. The Company’s business, historically, has experienced
higher sales volume in the second and third quarters of the calendar year, when compared to the first and fourth quarters. The
Company is a major supplier of products related to the “back-to-school” season, which occurs principally during the
months of May, June, July and August. If this typical seasonal increase in sales of certain portions of the Company’s product
line does not materialize in any year, the Company could experience a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition
and results of operations. Failure to manage growth and continue
to expand our operations successfully could adversely affect our financial results. Our business has experienced significant
historical growth over the years, and we expect our business to continue to grow organically and through strategic acquisitions.
This growth places significant demands on management and operational systems. If we cannot effectively manage our growth, it is
likely to result in operational inefficiencies and ineffective management of our business thus negatively impacting our operating
results. To the extent we grow through strategic acquisitions, our success will depend on selecting the appropriate targets, integrating
such acquisitions quickly and effectively and realizing any expected synergies and cost savings related to such acquisitions. Loss of a major customer could result in a decrease in the
Company’s future sales and earnings. Sales of our products are primarily concentrated in a few major
customers including office product superstores and mass market distributors. In 2014 and 2013, the Company had two customers,
respectively that individually exceeded 10% of consolidated net sales. Net sales to these customers amounted to approximately
14% and 12% in 2014 and 16% and 15% in 2013. The Company anticipates that a limited number of customers may account for a substantial
portion of its total net revenues for the foreseeable future. The business risks associated with this concentration, including
increased credit risks for these and other customers and the possibility of related bad debt write-offs, could negatively affect
our margins and profits. Additionally, the loss of a major customer, whether through competition or consolidation, or a disruption
in sales to such a customer, could result in a decrease of the Company’s future sales and earnings. The loss of key management could adversely affect the Company’s
ability to run its business. The Company’s success depends, to a large extent, on
the continued service of its executive management team, operating officers and other key personnel. The Company must therefore
continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and operating personnel sufficient to maintain its current business and support
its projected growth. The Company’s inability to meet its staffing requirements
in the future could adversely affect its results of operations. 9 Failure to protect the Company’s proprietary rights
or the costs of protecting these rights could adversely affect its business. The Company’s success depends in part on its ability
to obtain patents and licenses and to preserve other intellectual property rights covering its products and processes. The Company
has obtained certain domestic and foreign patents, and intends to continue to seek patents on its inventions when appropriate.
The process of seeking patent protection can be time consuming and expensive. There can be no assurance that pending patents related
to any of the Company’s products will be issued, in which case the Company may not be able to legally prevent others from
producing similar and/or compatible competing products. If other companies were to sell similar and/or compatible competing products,
the Company’s results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that the Company’s
efforts to protect its intellectual property will be successful. Any infringement of the Company’s intellectual property
or legal defense of such action could have a material adverse effect on the Company. The Company is subject to intense competition in all of
the markets in which it competes. The Company’s products are sold in highly competitive
markets including at mass merchants, high volume office supply stores and online. The Company believes that the principal points
of competition in these markets are product innovation, quality, price, merchandising, design and engineering capabilities, product
development, timeliness and completeness of delivery, conformity to customer specifications and post-sale support. Competitive
conditions may require the Company to match or better competitors’ prices to retain business or market shares. The Company
believes that its competitive position will depend on continued investment in innovation and product development, manufacturing
and sourcing, quality standards, marketing and customer service and support. The Company’s success will depend in part on
its ability to anticipate and offer products that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers in the various
market categories in which it competes. The Company may not have sufficient resources to make the investments that may be necessary
to anticipate those changing needs and the Company may not anticipate, identify, develop and market products successfully or otherwise
be successful in maintaining its competitive position. There are no significant barriers to entry into the markets for most of
the Company’s products. To compete successfully, the Company must develop and commercialize
a continuing stream of innovative new products that create consumer demand. The Company’s long-term success
in the current competitive environment depends on its ability to develop and commercialize a continuing stream of innovative new
products that create and maintain consumer demand. The Company also faces the risk that its competitors will introduce innovative
new products that compete with the Company’s products. The Company’s strategy includes increased investment in new
product development and continued focus on innovation. There are, nevertheless, numerous uncertainties inherent in successfully
developing and commercializing innovative new products on a continuing basis, and new product launches may not provide expected
growth results. Compromises of our information systems
or unauthorized access to confidential information or our customers' or associates' personal information may materially harm our
business or damage our reputation. Through our sales and marketing activities
and our business operations, we collect and store confidential information and certain personal information from our customers
and associates. We also process payment card information and check information. In addition, in the normal course of business,
we gather and retain personal information about our associates and generate and have access to confidential business information.
Although we have taken steps designed to safeguard such information, there can be no assurance that such information will be protected
against unauthorized access or disclosure. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our or our vendors' network security and,
if successful, misappropriate such information. An Acme United associate, contractor or other third-party with whom we do business
may also attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to obtain such information or inadvertently cause a breach involving
such information. We could be subject to liability for failure to comply with privacy and information security laws, for failing
to protect personal information, or for misusing personal information, such as use of such information for an unauthorized marketing
purpose. Loss or misuse of confidential or personal information could disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and expose
us to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulators, payment card associations, employees and other persons, any of
which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Company may not be able to maintain or to raise prices
in response to inflation and increasing costs. Future market and competitive pressures may prohibit the Company
from raising prices to offset increased product costs, freight costs and other inflationary items. The inability to pass these
costs through to the Company’s customers could have a negative effect on its results of operations. 10 The Company may need to raise additional capital to fund
its operations. The Company’s management believes that, under current
conditions, the Company’s current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated by operations, together with the borrowing availability
under its revolving loan agreement with HSBC Bank N.A., will be sufficient to fund planned operations for the next twelve months.
However, if the Company is unable to generate sufficient cash from operations, it may be required to find additional funding sources.
If adequate financing is unavailable or is unavailable on acceptable terms, the Company may be unable to maintain, develop or
enhance its operations, products and services, take advantage of future opportunities or adequately respond to competitive pressures. Product liability claims or regulatory actions could adversely
affect the Company's financial results and reputation. Claims for losses or injuries allegedly caused by some of the
Company’s products arise in the ordinary course of its business. In addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments,
product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity that could harm the Company’s reputation
in the marketplace or the value of its brands. The Company also could be required to recall possible defective products, which
could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although the Company maintains product liability insurance coverage,
potential product liability claims are subject to a deductible or could be excluded under the terms of the policy. The Company is subject to environmental
regulation and environmental risks. The Company is subject to national, state, provincial and/or
local environmental laws and regulations that impose limitations and prohibitions on the discharge and emission of, and establish
standards for the use, disposal and management of, certain materials and waste. These environmental laws and regulations also
impose liability for the costs of investigating and cleaning up sites, and certain damages resulting from present and past spills,
disposals, or other releases of hazardous substances or materials. Environmental laws and regulations can be complex and may change
often. Capital and operating expenses required to comply with environmental laws and regulations can be significant, and violations
may result in substantial fines and penalties. In addition, environmental laws and regulations, such as the Comprehensive Environmental
Response, Compensation and Liability Act, or CERCLA, in the United States impose liability on several grounds for the investigation
and cleanup of contaminated soil, ground water and buildings and for damages to natural resources on a wide range of properties.
For example, contamination at properties formerly owned or operated by the Company, as well as at properties it will own and operate,
and properties to which hazardous substances were sent by the Company, may result in liability for the Company under environmental
laws and regulations. The costs of complying with environmental laws and regulations and any claims concerning noncompliance,
or liability with respect to contamination in the future could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition or results of operations. Refer to Note 16 – Sale of Property - of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
for further discussion of the environmental costs related to the sale in 2008 of property by the Company it owned in Bridgeport,
CT and the sale in 2014 of property owned by the Company in Fremont, NC. The ability to deliver products to our customers in a timely
manner and to satisfy our customers’ fulfillment standards are subject to several factors, some of which are beyond our
control. Customers place great emphasis on timely delivery of our products
for specific selling seasons, especially during our second and third fiscal quarters, and on the fulfillment of consumer demand
throughout the year. We cannot control all of the various factors that might affect product delivery to customers. Vendor production
delays, difficulties encountered in shipping from overseas and customs clearance delays are on-going risks of our business. We
also rely upon third-party carriers for our product shipments from our distribution centers to customers. Accordingly, we are
subject to risks, including labor disputes, inclement weather, natural disasters, possible acts of terrorism, availability of
shipping containers, and increased security restrictions associated with such carriers’ ability to provide delivery services
to meet our shipping needs. Failure to deliver products to our customers in a timely and effective manner, often under special
vendor requirements to use specific carriers and delivery schedules, could damage our reputation and brands and result in loss
of customers or reduced orders. 11 Our shares of common stock are thinly traded and our stock
price may be volatile. Because our common stock is thinly traded, its market price
may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market in general or the stock prices of other companies listed on major stock
exchanges. There were approximately 2,860,662 shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates as of December 31, 2014. Thus,
our common stock will be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership, and, as a result, the trading
price for shares of our common stock may be more volatile. Among other things, trading of a relatively small volume of our common
stock may have a greater impact on the trading price for our stock than would be the case if our public float were larger. Item 1B