: A potential investor should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other risks and information disclosed from time to time by 1 st Franklin, before deciding whether to invest in the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not described below, not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to be material could also adversely affect us. If any of the situations described in the following risk factors actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In any of these events, an investor may lose part or all of his or her investment. Because we require a substantial amount of cash to service our debt, we may not be able to pay all of the obligations under our indebtedness. To service our indebtedness, including paying interest and principal on outstanding debt securities and amounts due under our credit facility, we require a significant amount of cash. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors, including our successful financial and operating performance. We cannot assure you that our business strategy will continue to be successful, or that we will achieve our anticipated or required financial results. If we do not achieve our anticipated or required results, we may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or to obtain sufficient funding to satisfy all of our obligations. The failure to do this would result in a material adverse effect on our business. Because we depend on liquidity to operate our business, a decrease in the sale of our debt securities, an increase in requests for their redemption or the unavailability of borrowings under our credit facility may make it more difficult for us to operate our business and pay our obligations in a timely manner. Our liquidity depends on, and we fund our operations through, the sale of our debt securities, the collection of our receivables and the continued availability of borrowings under our credit facility. Numerous available investment alternatives have resulted in investors evaluating more critically their investment opportunities. We cannot assure you that our debt securities will offer interest rates and redemption terms which will generate sufficient sales to meet our liquidity requirements. As described more fully elsewhere in this Annual Report, our senior demand notes can be redeemed at any time without penalty. Our variable rate subordinated debentures are subject to optional redemption by investors at various times prior to their maturity and holders may request that we redeem debentures during an interest adjustment period, although we are not obligated to accept such requests, and such requests are subject to interest penalties. It is possible that a significant number of redemption requests could adversely affect our liquidity. Borrowings under our credit facility are subject to, among other things, a borrowing base. In the event we are not able to borrow amounts under our credit facility, whether as a result of having reached our maximum borrowing availability thereunder or otherwise, we may not be able to fund loans to customers, redeem securities when required or invest in our operations as needed. Our failure to be able to obtain or maintain sufficient liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because most of our loans are made to salaried people and other wage earners who generally depend upon their earnings to meet their repayment obligations, higher than - 3 - historical average or further increased unemployment could adversely impact our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Our business consists mainly of making loans to salaried people or other wage earners who generally depend on their earnings to meet their repayment obligations. As a result, the loss of employment by such borrowers is likely to make it more difficult for them to timely repay their obligations to the Company. Additionally, adverse general economic conditions, including high unemployment rates, often result in additional challenges for both the Company and potential customers, resulting in an increased number of bankruptcy filings and a lower number of qualified borrowers. Continued higher than historical average unemployment, uncertain or worsening economic conditions, could result in the Company’s liquidity, financial condition and results of operations being materially adversely impacted. We establish an allowance for loan losses in our financial statements at a level considered adequate by management to absorb probable loan losses inherent in the loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date based on estimates and assumptions at that date. The amount of actual future loan losses is susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions within our market, which may be beyond our control, and such losses may exceed current estimates. Although Management believes that the Company’s allowance for loan losses is adequate to absorb losses on any existing loans that may become uncollectible, we cannot estimate loan losses with certainty, and we cannot provide any assurances that our allowance for loan losses will prove sufficient to cover actual loan losses in the future. Loan losses in excess of our reserves may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In either event, any reduced liquidity could negatively impact our ability to be able to fund loans, or to pay the principal and interest on any of our outstanding debt securities at any time, including when due. All of our offers and sales of securities must comply with applicable securities laws, or we could be liable for damages, which could impact our ability to make payments on our outstanding debt securities. Offers and sales of all of our securities must comply with all applicable federal and state securities laws, including Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933. If any of our offers, including those deemed made pursuant to newspaper or radio advertisements, or sales are found not to be in compliance with any of these laws, we could be liable to certain purchasers of the security, could be required to offer to repurchase the security, or could be liable for damages or other penalties. If we are required to repurchase any of our securities other than in the ordinary course of our business as a result of any such violation, or otherwise are found to be liable for any damages or penalties as a result of any such violation, our financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Any such adverse effect on our financial condition could materially impair our ability to fund loans in the ordinary course of business or pay principal and interest on our outstanding debt securities. Continued uncertain economic conditions could negatively affect our results and profitability. Continued higher than historically normal unemployment levels and other factors indicative of recessionary economic cycles could affect our investors’, customers’, and potential investors’ and customers’ disposable income, confidence, and spending patterns and preferences, which in turn could negatively impact the making of loans, our sales of investment securities and our customers’ ability to repay their obligations to us. An increase in the interest we pay on our debt and borrowings could materially and adversely affect our net interest margin. Net interest margin represents the difference between the amount that we earn on loans and investments and the amount that we pay on debt securities and other borrowings. The loans we make in the ordinary course of our business are subject to interest rate and regulatory - 4 - provisions of each applicable state's lending laws and are made at fixed rates which are not adjustable during the term of the loan. Since our loans are made at fixed interest rates and are made using the proceeds from the sale of our fixed and variable rate securities, we may experience a decrease in our net interest margin because increased interest costs cannot be passed on to all of our loan customers. A reduction in our net interest margin could adversely affect our liquidity, including our ability to make payments on our outstanding debt securities. Neither the Company nor any of its debt securities are or will be rated by any nationally recognized statistical rating agency, and this may increase the risk of your investment. Neither 1 st Franklin nor any of its debt securities are, or are expected to be, rated by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization. Typically, credit ratings assigned by such organizations are based upon an assessment of a company’s creditworthiness and are often a measure used in establishing the interest rate that a company offers on debt securities it issues. Without any such rating, it is possible that fluctuations in general economic, or industry specific, business conditions, changes in results of operations, or other factors that affect the creditworthiness of a debt issuer may not be fully reflected in the interest rate on any outstanding indebtedness of that issuer. Investors in the Company’s securities must depend solely on their own evaluation of the creditworthiness of 1 st Franklin for the payment of principal and interest on those securities. In the absence of any third party credit rating, it is possible that the interest rates offered by the Company on its debt securities may not represent the credit risk that an investor assumes in purchasing any of these securities. Consumer finance companies and other companies that offer and sell securities to the public such as the Company are subject to an increasing number of laws and government regulations, and if we fail to comply with these laws or regulations, our business may suffer and our ability to pay our obligations may be impaired. Our operations are subject to increasing focus by federal, state and local government authorities and state attorneys general and are subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing various requirements and restrictions on certain lending practices by companies in the consumer finance industry, sometimes referred to as "predatory lending" practices. These requirements and restrictions, among other things: • require that we obtain and maintain certain licenses and qualifications; • limit the interest rates, fees and other charges that we are allowed to charge; • require specified disclosures to borrowers; • limit or prescribe other terms of our loans; • govern the sale and terms of insurance products that we offer and the insurers for which we act as agent; and • define our rights to repossess and sell collateral. In addition, on July 21, 2010 the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) was signed into law. This law significantly changes the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act established the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection as an independent entity given the authority to promulgate consumer protection regulations applicable to all entities offering consumer financial services or products. Many of the requirements in the Dodd-Frank Act are being implemented over time and are subject to implementing regulations over the course of several years. Given the uncertainty associated with the manner in which various expected provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will be implemented by the various regulatory agencies and through regulations, the full extent of the impact such requirements will have on our operations is unclear; however, these regulations have increased and are expected to further increase our cost of doing business and time spent by Management on regulatory matters which may have a material adverse effect on the Company’s operations and results. - 5 - In addition, other state and local laws, public policy and general principles of equity relating to the protection of consumers, unfair and deceptive practices and debt collection practices may apply to the loans we make. Although we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with applicable federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, there can be no assurance that a change in any of those laws, or in their interpretation, will not make our compliance therewith more difficult or expensive, restrict our ability to originate loans, further limit or restrict the amount of interest and other charges we earn under such loans, or otherwise adversely affect our financial condition or business operations. The burdens of complying with these laws and regulations, and the possible sanctions if we do not so comply, are significant, and may result in a downturn in our business or our inability to carry on our business in a manner similar to how we currently operate. If we experience unfavorable litigation results, our ability to timely meet our obligations may be impaired. As a consumer finance company, in addition to being subject to stringent regulatory requirements, we may, from time to time, be subject to various consumer claims and litigation seeking damages and statutory penalties. The damages and penalties claimed by consumers and others can often be substantial. The relief may vary but generally is expected to include requests for compensatory, statutory and punitive damages. Unfavorable outcomes in any litigation or statutory proceedings could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and our ability to make payments on our outstanding obligations. While we would expect to vigorously defend ourselves against any of these proceedings, there is a chance that our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in any period could be materially and adversely affected by unfavorable outcomes which, in turn, could affect our ability to fund loans or make payments on, or repay, our outstanding obligations, any of which could materially adversely effect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We operate in a highly competitive environment. The financing industry is highly competitive. We compete with, among others, large national and regional finance companies. Increased competition could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain business and reduce the profits that would otherwise arise from operations. We are exposed to the risk of technology failures. Our daily operations depend heavily on our computer systems, data system networks and service providers to consistently provide efficient and reliable service. The Company may be subject to disruptions in its operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond its control, which in turn may give rise to disruption of service to our customers. If our systems were to become unreliable, fail, or experience a breach of security, our ability to maintain accurate financial records may be impaired, which could materially adversely impact our business operations and financial condition. A data security breach with regard to personally identifiable information about our customers or employees could negatively affect operations and result in high costs. In the ordinary course of business, we receive a significant amount of personally identifiable information (“PII”) about our customers. We also receive PII from our employees. Numerous state and federal regulations, as well as other vendor standards, govern the collection and maintenance of PII from consumers and other individuals. There are numerous opportunities for a data security breach, including cyber-security breaches, burglary, lost or misplaced data, scams, or misappropriation of data by employees, vendors or unaffiliated third parties. Despite the security measures we have in place and any additional measures we may implement or adopt in the future, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, could be vulnerable to intentional or unintentional security breaches, computer viruses, lost or - 6 - misplaced data, programming or human errors, scams, burglary, acts of vandalism, or other events. Alleged or actual data security breaches can increase costs of doing business, negatively affect customer satisfaction, expose us to negative publicity, individual claims or consumer class actions, administrative, civil or criminal investigations or actions, and infringe upon our proprietary information. Any of these could significantly increase our costs of doing business and materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our business could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more key employees. We are heavily dependent upon our senior management and the loss of services of any of our senior executives could adversely affect our business. Our success has been, and will continue to be, dependent on our ability to retain the services of key employees. The loss of the services of key employees or senior management could adversely affect the quality and profitability of our business operations. Item 1B