. (dollar amounts in thousands) The following significant factors, as well as others of which we are unaware or deem to be immaterial at this time, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or operating results in the future. Therefore, the following information should be considered carefully together with other information contained in this report. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 3 Index Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows may result in our Company not being able to continue as a going concern. The Company’s overall cash position as of December 31, 2014 provides only limited liquidity to fund the Company’s day-to-day operations. The Company’s independent registered public accounting firm has expressed substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. We may need to seek additional financing or sell our assets to support our continued operation; however, there are no assurances that any such financing or asset sale can be obtained or achieved on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In view of these conditions, our ability to continue as a going concern depends on our ability to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations or to obtain the necessary financing. The outcome of these matters cannot be predicted at this time. The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2014 do not include any adjustment to the amounts and classification of assets and liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in business. Any such adjustment could be material. Revenues are largely derived from a small number of brands and may dramatically decrease if we are not able to develop new revenue sources. As of December 31, 2014, licensing agreements with the “American Kennel Club” and “Artlist’s The Dog and Friends” have expired. A significant decrease in our licensing revenues could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We expect to derive future product revenue from the sale of IsoBLOX™ related products. During the year ended December 31, 2014 one customer, Dick’s Sporting Goods”, accounted for 14% or $161 of our consolidated net revenues. The IsoBLOX™ technology continues to be developed. There can be no assurance that these products will be commercially viable in the marketplace, that revenues will be derived from such products, or how soon such products will become available for sale, if at all. We have been and may continue to be negatively affected by adverse general economic and other conditions. Conditions in the domestic and global economies are extremely unpredictable and our business has been impacted by changes in such conditions. Softening global economies, stock market uncertainty and wavering consumer confidence caused by economic weakness, the decline in the housing market, the threat or occurrence of terrorist attacks, war or other factors generally affecting economic conditions have adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations and may continue to do so in the future. Continued turmoil in United States and foreign credit markets, equity markets, and in the global financial services industry, and an unprecedented level of intervention from the U.S. and foreign governments, have continued to place pressure on the global economy and affect overall consumer spending, spending by advertisers and the availability of credit to us, our clients, and our customers. If conditions in the global economy, U.S. economy or other key vertical or geographic markets remain uncertain or weaken further, they may have a further material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The changing preferences of consumers could adversely affect our business. Our business and operating results depend upon the appeal of our brands and product concepts to consumers. Consumer preferences, as well as industry trends and demands are continuously changing and are difficult to predict as they vary over time. In addition, as brands often have short life cycles, there can be no assurances that: (i) our current brands and product concepts will become popular for any significant period of time; (ii) new brands and product concepts will achieve and or sustain popularity in the marketplace; (iii) a brand’s life cycle will be sufficient to permit us to recover revenues in excess of the costs of advance payments, guarantees, development, marketing, royalties and other costs relating to such brand; or (iv) we will successfully anticipate, identify and react to consumer preferences. Our failure to accomplish any of these events could result in reduced overall revenues, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the volatility of consumer preferences could cause our revenues and net income to vary significantly between comparable periods. We must continually seek new brands and technologies from which we can derive revenues. It is difficult to predict whether a Brand will be successful, and if so, for how long. Because of this, we are constantly seeking new brands and technologies that are already successful or that we believe are likely to become successful in the future. If we are unable to identify and acquire the rights to successful new brands, our revenues, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 4 Index We operate in a highly competitive marketplace. In the IsoBLOX™ and Sports Licensing/Distribution business segment, our principal competitors are large sporting goods and apparel companies (e.g., Nike, EvoShield and Under Armour) with consumer products/merchandise and licensing divisions. Many of these companies have substantially greater resources than we do and represent products which have been commercially successful for longer periods than our products. Our future success is dependent on certain key employees. The success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the skills, experience and efforts of a number of management personnel and other key employees. The loss of the services of any of our management personnel or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. We may not be able to successfully protect our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent and other proprietary rights laws to protect the intellectual property rights that we own or license. It is possible that third parties may challenge our rights to such intellectual property. In addition, there is a risk of third parties infringing upon our licensors’ or our intellectual property rights and producing counterfeit products. These events may result in lost revenue as well as litigation, which may be expensive and time-consuming even if a favorable outcome is obtained. There can be no assurance that adequate remedies would be available for any infringement of the intellectual property rights owned or licensed by the Company. Any such failure to successfully protect our intellectual property rights may have a material adverse effect on our competitive position. We may be subject to audit claims from our partners. We may be subject to audits by certain of our Property partners. There can be no assurance that the parties will conclude their discussions regarding the audit issues satisfactorily. Any such failure to successfully resolve any audit issues may result in litigation which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position or the results of our operations. Our stock price has been volatile and your investment could lose value. The trading price of our Common Stock has been volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations due to various factors. The timing of announcements in the public market regarding new products, product enhancements or technological advances by us or our competitors, and any announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, major transactions or management changes could also affect our stock price. Our stock price is subject to speculation in the press and the analyst community, changes in recommendations or earnings estimates by financial analysts, changes in investors’ or analysts’ valuation measures for our stock and market trends unrelated to our performance. Stock sales by our directors, officers or other significant holders may also affect our stock price. A significant drop in our stock price could also expose us to the risk of securities class action lawsuits, which could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources, which could adversely affect our business. Moreover, if the per share trading price of our Common Stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above the public offering price. We cannot assure you that the per share trading price of our Common Stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. The trading volume of our Common Stock has been low, and the sale of a substantial number of shares in the public market could depress the price of our Common Stock. Our Common Stock is traded on the OTC pink sheets and historically has had a low average daily trading volume relative to many other stocks. Thinly traded stocks can have more price volatility than stocks trading in an active public market, which can lead to significant price swings even when a relatively small number of shares are being traded, and can limit an investor’s ability to quickly sell blocks of stock. If there continues to be low average daily trading volume in our Common Stock investors may be unable to quickly liquidate their investments or at prices investors consider to be adequate. We do not intend to pay dividends on our Common Stock, in the foreseeable future. For the foreseeable future, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the development of our business, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock. Any future determination to pay dividends will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon then-existing conditions, including our operating results and financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors that our board of directors considers relevant. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of their Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize a return on their investment. 5 Index Our certificate of incorporation, by-laws and Delaware law contain provisions that could discourage transactions resulting in a change in control, which may negatively affect the market price of our Common Stock. Our certificate of incorporation and by-laws provisions may have the effect of delaying, deferring or discouraging a prospective acquirer from making a tender offer for our shares or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. To the extent that these provisions discourage takeover attempts, they could deprive stockholders of opportunities to realize takeover premiums for their Common Stock. Moreover, these provisions could discourage accumulations of large blocks of Common Stock, thus depriving stockholders of any advantages which large accumulations of Common Stock might provide. As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Section 203 prevents some stockholders holding more than 15% of our outstanding Common Stock from engaging in certain business combinations unless the business combination was approved in advance by our board of directors, results in the stockholder holding more than 85% of our outstanding Common Stock or is approved by the holders of at least 66 2/3 % of our outstanding Common Stock not held by the stockholder engaging in the transaction. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or our by-laws or Delaware law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our Common Stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our Common Stock. Item 1B