 ACNB IS SUBJECT TO INTEREST RATE RISK. ACNB's earnings and cash flows are largely dependent upon its net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between
interest income earned on interest-earning assets, such as loans and securities, and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are
highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond ACNB's control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies and, in particular, the Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve System. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rates, could influence not only the amount of interest ACNB receives on loans and securities and the
amount of interest it pays on deposits and borrowings, but such changes could also affect (i) ACNB's ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, (ii) the fair value of ACNB's
financial assets and liabilities, and (iii) the average duration of ACNB's mortgage-backed securities portfolio. If the 14 Table of Contents interest
rates paid on deposits and other borrowings increase at a faster rate than the interest rates received on loans and other investments, ACNB's net interest income, and therefore earnings,
could be adversely affected. Earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest rates received on loans and other investments fall more quickly than the interest rates paid on deposits and
other borrowings. Although
management believes it has implemented effective asset and liability management strategies to reduce the potential effects of changes in interest rates on ACNB's results of
operations, any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in market interest rates could have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. ACNB IS SUBJECT TO CREDIT RISK. As of December 31, 2014, approximately 45% of ACNB's loan portfolio consisted of commercial and industrial, construction, and
commercial real estate loans. These types of loans are generally viewed as having more risk of default than residential real estate loans or consumer loans. These types of loans are also typically
larger than residential real estate loans and consumer loans. Because ACNB's loan portfolio contains a significant number of commercial and industrial, construction, and commercial real estate loans
with relatively large balances, the deterioration of one or a few of these loans could cause a significant increase in non-performing loans. An increase in non-performing loans could result in a net
loss of earnings from these loans, an increase in the provision for loan losses, and an increase in loan charge-offs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition
and results of operations. ACNB'S ALLOWANCE FOR LOAN LOSSES MAY BE INSUFFICIENT. ACNB maintains an allowance for loan losses, which is a reserve established through a provision for loan losses charged to expense,
that represents management's best estimate of probable losses that have been incurred within the existing portfolio of loans. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for
estimated loan losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. The level of the allowance reflects management's continuing evaluation of the following: industry concentrations; specific credit risks;
loan loss experience; current loan portfolio quality; present economic, political and regulatory conditions; and, unidentified losses inherent in the current loan portfolio. The determination of the
appropriate level of the allowance for loan
losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires ACNB to make significant estimates of current credit risks and future trends, all of which may undergo material changes. Changes
in economic conditions affecting borrowers, new information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans, and other factors, both within and outside of ACNB's control, may
require an increase in the allowance for loan losses. In addition, bank regulatory agencies periodically review ACNB's allowance for loan losses and may require an increase in the provision for loan
losses or the recognition of further loan charge-offs, based on judgments different than those of management. Further, if charge-offs in future periods exceed the allowance for loan losses, ACNB will
need additional provisions to increase the allowance for loan losses. Any increases in the allowance for loan losses will result in a decrease in net income, and possibly capital, and may have a
material adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. COMPETITION FROM OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT ACNB'S PROFITABILITY. ACNB's banking subsidiary faces substantial competition in originating both commercial and consumer loans. This competition comes
principally from other banks, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, and other lenders. Many of its competitors enjoy advantages, including greater financial resources with higher lending limits,
wider geographic presence, more branch office locations, the ability to offer a wider array of services or more favorable pricing alternatives, and lower origination 15 Table of Contents and
operating costs. This competition could reduce the Corporation's net income by decreasing the number and size of loans that its banking subsidiary originates and the interest rates it may charge
on these loans. In
attracting business and consumer deposits, its banking subsidiary faces substantial competition from other insured depository institutions such as banks, savings institutions, and
credit unions, as well as institutions offering uninsured investment alternatives, including money market funds. Many of ACNB's competitors enjoy advantages, including greater financial resources,
wider geographic presence, more aggressive marketing campaigns, better brand recognition, more branch office locations, the ability to offer a wider array of services or more favorable pricing
alternatives, and lower origination and operating costs. These competitors may offer higher interest rates than ACNB, which could decrease the deposits that it attracts or require it to increase its
rates to retain existing deposits or attract new deposits. Increased deposit competition could adversely affect the subsidiary's ability to generate the funds necessary for lending operations. As a
result, it may need to seek other sources of funds that may be more expensive to obtain and could increase its cost of funds. ACNB's
banking subsidiary also competes with nonbank providers of financial services, such as brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, insurance agencies, and
governmental organizations which may offer more favorable terms. Some of its nonbank competitors are not subject to the same extensive regulations that govern ACNB's banking operations. As a result,
such nonbank competitors may have advantages over ACNB's banking subsidiary in providing certain products and services. This competition may reduce or limit ACNB's margins on banking services, reduce
its market share, and adversely affect its earnings and financial condition. THE BASEL III CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS MAY REQUIRE ACNB TO MAINTAIN HIGHER LEVELS OF CAPITAL, WHICH
COULD REDUCE ACNB'S PROFITABILITY. Basel III targets higher levels of base capital, certain capital buffers, and a migration toward common equity as the key source of
regulatory capital. Although the new capital requirements are phased in over the next decade and may change substantially before final implementation, Basel III signals a growing effort by domestic
and international bank regulatory agencies to require financial institutions, including depository institutions, to maintain higher levels of capital. The direction of the Basel III implementation
activities or other regulatory viewpoints could require additional capital to support our business risk profile prior to final implementation of the Basel III standards. If ACNB and the subsidiary
bank are required to maintain higher levels of capital, ACNB and the subsidiary bank may have fewer opportunities to invest capital into interest-earning assets, which could limit the profitable
business operations available to ACNB and the subsidiary bank and adversely impact ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. THE CORPORATION'S OPERATIONS OF ITS BUSINESS, INCLUDING ITS TRANSACTIONS WITH CUSTOMERS, ARE
INCREASINGLY DONE VIA ELECTRONIC MEANS, AND THIS HAS INCREASED ITS RISKS RELATED TO CYBERSECURITY. The Corporation is exposed to the risk of cyber-attacks in the normal course of business. In addition, the Corporation is exposed to
cyber-attacks on vendors and merchants that affect the Corporation and its customers. In general, cyber incidents can result from deliberate attacks or unintentional events. The Corporation has
observed an increased level of attention in the industry focused on cyber-attacks that include, but are not limited to, gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating
assets or sensitive information, corrupting data, or causing operational disruption. To combat against these attacks, policies and procedures are in place to prevent or limit the effect of the
possible security breach of its information systems. While ACNB maintains insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions including significant self-insured deductibles, cover
certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover 16 Table of Contents all
losses. While the Corporation has not incurred any material losses related to cyber-attacks, nor is it aware of any specific or threatened cyber incidents as of the date of this report, it may
incur substantial costs and suffer other negative consequences if it falls victim to successful cyber-attacks. Such negative consequences could include remediation costs that may include liability for
stolen assets or information and repairing system damage that may have been caused; deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third-party experts and
consultants; lost revenues resulting from unauthorized use of proprietary information or the failure to retain or attract customers following an attack; disruption or failures of physical
infrastructure, operating systems or networks that support ACNB's business and customers resulting in the loss of customers and business opportunities; additional regulatory scrutiny and possible
regulatory penalties; litigation; and, reputational damage adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. ACNB'S CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES MAY FAIL OR BE CIRCUMVENTED. Management regularly reviews and updates ACNB's internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, as well as corporate governance
policies and procedures. Any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the
objectives of the system are met. Any failure or circumvention of ACNB's controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse
effect on ACNB's business, financial condition, and results of operations. ACNB'S ABILITY TO PAY DIVIDENDS DEPENDS PRIMARILY ON DIVIDENDS FROM ITS BANKING SUBSIDIARY, WHICH
ARE SUBJECT TO REGULATORY LIMITS AND THE BANKING SUBSIDIARY PERFORMANCE. ACNB is a financial holding company and its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. Its ability to pay dividends depends on its
receipt of dividends from its subsidiaries. Dividend payments from its banking subsidiary are subject to legal and regulatory limitations, generally based on net profits and retained earnings, imposed
by the various banking regulatory agencies. The ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends is also subject to their profitability, financial condition, capital expenditures, and other cash flow
requirements. There is no assurance that its subsidiaries will be able to pay dividends in the future or that ACNB will generate adequate cash flow to pay dividends in the
future. ACNB's failure to pay dividends on its common stock could have a material adverse effect on the market price of its common stock. ACNB'S PROFITABILITY DEPENDS SIGNIFICANTLY ON ECONOMIC CONDITIONS IN THE COMMONWEALTH OF
PENNSYLVANIA AND THE STATE OF MARYLAND. ACNB's success depends primarily on the general economic conditions of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the State of Maryland, and the
specific local markets in which ACNB operates. Unlike larger national or other regional banks that are more geographically diversified, ACNB provides banking and financial services to customers
primarily in the southcentral Pennsylvania and northern Maryland region of the country. The local economic conditions in these areas have a significant impact on the demand for ACNB's products and
services, as well as the ability of ACNB's customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing the loans, and the stability of ACNB's deposit funding sources. A significant decline in
general economic conditions caused by inflation, recession, acts of terrorism, outbreak of hostilities or other international or domestic occurrences, unemployment, changes in securities markets, or
other factors could impact these local economic conditions and, in turn, have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. 17 Table of Contents THE EARNINGS OF FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANIES ARE SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECTED BY GENERAL BUSINESS AND
ECONOMIC CONDITIONS. ACNB's operations and profitability are impacted by general business and economic conditions in the United States and abroad. These
conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, money supply, political issues, legislative and regulatory changes, fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, broad
trends in industry and finance, and the strength of the U.S. economy and the local economies in which ACNB operates, all of which are beyond ACNB's control. Deterioration in economic conditions could
result in an increase in loan delinquencies and non-performing assets, decreases in loan collateral values, and a decrease in demand for ACNB's products and services, among other things, any of which
could have a material adverse impact on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. The
regulatory environment for the financial services industry is being significantly impacted by financial regulatory reform initiatives in the United States and elsewhere, including
Dodd-Frank and regulations promulgated to implement it. Dodd-Frank,
which was signed into law on July 21, 2010, comprehensively reforms the regulation of financial institutions, products and services. Dodd-Frank requires various
federal regulatory agencies to implement numerous rules and regulations. Because the federal agencies are granted broad discretion in drafting these rules and regulations, many of the details and the
impact of Dodd-Frank may not be known for many months or years. While
much of how the Dodd-Frank and other financial industry reforms will change ACNB's current business operations depends on the specific regulatory reforms and interpretations, many
of which have yet to be released or finalized, it is clear that the reforms, both under Dodd-Frank and otherwise, will have a significant effect on the entire industry. Although Dodd-Frank and other
reforms will affect a number of the areas in which ACNB does business, it is not clear at this time the full extent of the adjustments that will be required and the extent to which ACNB will be able
to adjust its businesses in response to the requirements. Although it is difficult to predict the magnitude and extent of these effects at this stage, ACNB believes compliance with Dodd-Frank and
implementing its regulations and initiatives will negatively impact revenue and increase the cost of doing business, both in terms of transition expenses and on an ongoing basis, and it may also limit
ACNB's ability to pursue certain business opportunities. NEW LINES OF BUSINESS OR NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES MAY SUBJECT ACNB TO ADDITIONAL RISKS. From time to time, ACNB may implement new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. There
are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new
products and services, ACNB may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new lines of business and/or new products or services may not be
achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences, may also impact
the successful implementation of a new line of business and/or a new product or service. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could have a significant impact on the
effectiveness of ACNB's system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and new products or services could have a
material adverse effect on ACNB's business, financial condition, and results of operations. 18 Table of Contents ACNB MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTRACT AND RETAIN SKILLED PEOPLE. ACNB's success depends, in large part, on its ability to attract and retain key people. Competition for the best people in most
activities engaged in by ACNB can be intense, and ACNB may not be able to hire people or to retain them. The unexpected loss of services of one or more of ACNB's key personnel could have a material
adverse impact on ACNB's business because the Corporation would no longer have the benefit of their skills, knowledge of ACNB's market, as well as years of industry experience, and it would be
difficult to promptly find qualified replacement personnel. ACNB currently has employment agreements, including covenants not to compete, with the following named executive officers: its
President & Chief Executive Officer; Executive Vice President, Secretary & Chief Governance Officer; Executive Vice President, Treasurer & Chief Financial Officer; the Executive
Vice President of Banking Services of ACNB Bank; and, the President & Chief Executive Officer of Russell Insurance Group, Inc. ACNB IS SUBJECT TO CLAIMS AND LITIGATION PERTAINING TO FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY. From time to time, customers make claims and take legal action pertaining to ACNB's performance of its fiduciary responsibilities.
Whether customer claims and legal action related to ACNB's performance of its fiduciary responsibilities are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in a manner
favorable to ACNB, they may result in significant financial liability and/or adversely affect the market perception of ACNB and its products and services, as well as impact customer demand for those
products and services. Any financial liability or reputation damage could have a material adverse effect on ACNB's business, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial
condition and results of operations. THE TRADING VOLUME IN ACNB'S COMMON STOCK IS LESS THAN THAT OF OTHER LARGER FINANCIAL SERVICES
COMPANIES. ACNB's common stock trades on NASDAQ, and the trading volume in its common stock is less than that of other larger financial services
companies. A public trading market having the desired characteristics of depth, liquidity and orderliness depends on the presence in the marketplace of willing buyers and sellers of ACNB's common
stock at any given time. This presence depends on the individual decisions of investors and general economic and market conditions over which ACNB has no control. Given the lower trading volume of
ACNB's common stock, significant sales of ACNB's common stock, and the expectation of these sales, could cause ACNB's stock price to fall. ACNB OPERATES IN A HIGHLY REGULATED ENVIRONMENT AND MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY CHANGES IN FEDERAL,
STATE AND LOCAL LAWS AND REGULATIONS. ACNB, primarily through its banking subsidiary, is subject to extensive regulation, supervision and/or examination by federal and state
banking authorities. Any change in applicable regulations or federal, state or local legislation could have a substantial impact on ACNB and its operations. Additional legislation and regulations that
could significantly affect ACNB's powers, authority and operations may be enacted or adopted in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of
operations. Further, regulators have significant discretion and authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of laws by banks and bank and financial holding companies in
the performance of their supervisory and enforcement duties. The exercise of regulatory authority may have a negative impact on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. 19 Table of Contents Like other financial holding companies and financial institutions, ACNB must comply with significant anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws. Under these
laws, ACNB is required, among other things, to enforce a customer identification program and file currency transaction and suspicious activity reports with the federal government. Government agencies
have substantial discretion to impose significant monetary penalties on institutions which fail to comply with these laws or make required reports. While ACNB has policies and procedures designed to
prevent any such violations, there can be no assurance that such violations will not occur. THE SOUNDNESS OF OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT ACNB. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. ACNB has
exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely executes transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, brokers and dealers,
investment banks, and institutional clients. Many of these transactions expose ACNB to credit risk in the event of a default by a counterparty or client. In addition, ACNB's credit risk may be
exacerbated when the collateral held by ACNB cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the credit exposure due to
ACNB. Any such losses could have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. MARKET VOLATILITY MAY HAVE MATERIALLY ADVERSE EFFECTS ON ACNB'S LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL CONDITION. The capital and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption. Over the last several years, in some cases, the
markets have exerted downward pressure on stock prices, security prices, and credit capacity for certain issuers without regard to those issuers' underlying financial strength. If the market
disruption and volatility returns, there can be no assurance that ACNB will not experience adverse effects, which may be material, on its liquidity, financial condition, and profitability. ACNB MAY NEED OR BE COMPELLED TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL IN THE FUTURE WHICH COULD DILUTE
SHAREHOLDERS OR BE UNAVAILABLE WHEN NEEDED OR AT UNFAVORABLE TERMS. ACNB's regulators or market conditions may require it to increase its capital levels. If ACNB raises capital through the issuance of
additional shares of its common stock or other securities, it would likely dilute the ownership interests of current investors and would likely dilute the per share book value and earnings per share
of its common stock. Furthermore, it may have an adverse impact on ACNB's stock price. New investors may also have rights, preferences and privileges senior to ACNB's current shareholders, which may
adversely impact its current shareholders. ACNB's ability to raise additional capital will depend on conditions in the capital markets at that time, which are outside its control, and on its financial
performance. Accordingly, ACNB cannot be assured of its ability to raise additional capital on terms and time frames acceptable to it or to raise additional capital at all. If ACNB cannot raise
additional capital in sufficient amounts when needed, its ability to comply with regulatory capital requirements could be materially impaired. Additionally, the inability to raise capital in
sufficient amounts may adversely affect ACNB's operations, financial condition, and results of operations. ACNB'S FUTURE ACQUISITIONS COULD DILUTE SHAREHOLDER OWNERSHIP AND MAY CAUSE IT TO BECOME MORE
SUSCEPTIBLE TO ADVERSE ECONOMIC EVENTS. ACNB may use its common stock to acquire other companies or make investments in banks and other complementary businesses in the future.
ACNB may issue additional shares of common stock to pay for future acquisitions, which would dilute current investors' ownership interest in ACNB. Future business acquisitions could be material to
ACNB, and the degree of success achieved in acquiring and 20 Table of Contents integrating
these businesses into ACNB could have a material effect on the value of ACNB's common stock. In addition, any acquisition could require it to use substantial cash or other liquid assets or
to incur debt. In those events, ACNB could become more susceptible to economic downturns and competitive pressures. PENNSYLVANIA BUSINESS CORPORATION LAW AND VARIOUS ANTI-TAKEOVER PROVISIONS UNDER ACNB'S ARTICLES AND
BYLAWS COULD IMPEDE THE TAKEOVER OF ACNB. Various Pennsylvania laws affecting business corporations may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire ACNB, even if the
acquisition would be advantageous to shareholders. In addition, ACNB has various anti-takeover measures in place under its articles of incorporation and bylaws, including a supermajority vote
requirement for mergers, a staggered Board of Directors, and the absence of cumulative voting. Any one or more of these measures may impede the takeover of ACNB without the approval of the Board of
Directors and may prevent shareholders from taking part in a transaction in which they could realize a premium over the current market price of ACNB common stock. IF ACNB CONCLUDES THAT THE DECLINE IN VALUE OF ANY OF ITS INVESTMENT SECURITIES IS AN
OTHER-THAN-TEMPORARY IMPAIRMENT, ACNB IS REQUIRED TO WRITE DOWN THE VALUE OF THAT SECURITY THROUGH A CHARGE TO EARNINGS. ACNB reviews its investment securities portfolio at each quarter-end to determine whether the fair value is below the current carrying
value. When the fair value of any of its investment securities has declined below its carrying value, ACNB is required to assess whether the decline is an other-than-temporary impairment. If ACNB
determines that the decline is an other-than-temporary impairment, it is required to write down the value of that security through a charge to earnings for credit related impairment. Non-credit
related reductions in the value of a security do not require a write down of the value through earnings unless ACNB intends to, or is required to, sell the security. Changes in the expected cash flows
related to the credit related piece of the investment of a security in ACNB's investment portfolio or a prolonged price decline may result in ACNB's conclusion in future periods that an impairment is
other than temporary, which would require a charge to earnings to write down the security to fair value. Due to the complexity of the calculations and assumptions used in determining whether an asset
has an impairment that is other than temporary, the impairment disclosed may not accurately reflect the actual impairment in the future. ACNB IS SUBJECT TO POTENTIAL IMPAIRMENT OF GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLES. RIG has certain long-lived assets including purchased intangible assets subject to amortization, such as insurance books of business,
and associated goodwill assets which are reviewed for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to estimated undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If the carrying
amount of an asset exceeds its future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. Assets to be disposed
of would be separately presented in the statement of condition and reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell, and are no longer depreciated. Goodwill,
which has an indefinite useful life, is evaluated for impairment annually and is evaluated for impairment more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the asset
might be impaired. During the quarter ended June 30, 2012, the Corporation changed its method of applying ASC Topic 350, Intangibles—Goodwill and
Other , such that the annual goodwill impairment testing date was changed from December 31 to October 1. This new testing date is preferable, because it allows the
Corporation more time to accurately complete its impairment testing process, in order to incorporate 21 Table of Contents the
results in the annual consolidated financial statements. An impairment loss is recognized to the extent that the carrying amount exceeds the asset's fair value. The goodwill impairment analysis
currently used by the Corporation is a two-step test. The first step, used to identify potential impairment, involves comparing the reporting unit's estimated fair value to its carrying value,
including goodwill. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not to be impaired. If the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, there
is an indication of potential impairment and the second step is performed to measure the amount of impairment. If required, the second step involves calculating an implied fair value of goodwill for
the reporting unit for which the first step indicated potential impairment. The implied fair value of goodwill is determined in a manner similar to the amount of goodwill calculated in a business
combination, by measuring the excess of the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to a group of likely buyers whose cash flow estimates could differ from those of the reporting entity, as
determined in the first step, over the aggregate estimated fair values of the individual assets, liabilities and identifiable intangibles as if the reporting unit was being acquired in a business
combination. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying value of goodwill assigned to the reporting unit, there is no impairment. If the carrying value of goodwill assigned to the
reporting unit exceeds the implied fair value of the goodwill, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess. Subsequent reversal of goodwill impairment losses is not permitted. ACNB performs an
annual evaluation to determine if there is goodwill impairment. ACNB IS SUBJECT TO ENVIRONMENTAL LIABILITY RISK ASSOCIATED WITH LENDING ACTIVITIES. A significant portion of ACNB's banking subsidiary loan portfolio is secured by real property. During the ordinary course of business,
ACNB may foreclose on and take title to properties securing certain loans. In doing so, there is a risk that hazardous or toxic substances could be found on these properties. If hazardous or toxic
substances are found, ACNB may be liable for remediation costs, as well as for personal injury and property damage. Environmental laws may require ACNB to incur substantial expense and may materially
reduce the affected property's value or limit ACNB's ability to use or sell the affected property. In addition, future laws or more stringent interpretations or enforcement policies with respect to
existing laws may increase ACNB's exposure to environmental liability. Although ACNB has policies and procedures to perform an environmental review before initiating any foreclosure action on real
property, these reviews may not be sufficient to detect all potential environmental hazards. The remediation costs and any other financial liabilities associated with an environmental hazard could
have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. THE SEVERITY AND DURATION OF A FUTURE DOWNTURN AND THE COMPOSITION OF THE BANKING SUBSIDIARY'S LOAN
PORTFOLIO COULD IMPACT THE LEVEL OF LOAN CHARGE-OFFS AND THE PROVISION FOR LOAN LOSSES AND MAY AFFECT ACNB'S NET INCOME OR LOSS. Lending money is a substantial part of ACNB's business through its banking subsidiary. However, every loan that ACNB makes carries a
certain risk of non-payment. ACNB cannot assure that its allowance for loan losses will be sufficient to absorb actual loan losses. ACNB also cannot assure that it will not experience significant
losses in its loan portfolio that may require significant increases to the allowance for loan losses in the future. Although
ACNB evaluates every loan that it makes against its underwriting criteria, ACNB may experience losses by reasons of factors beyond its control. Some of these factors include
changes in market conditions affecting the value of real estate and unexpected problems affecting the creditworthiness of ACNB's borrowers. 22 Table of Contents ACNB
determines the adequacy of its allowance for loan losses by considering various factors, including: • An analysis of the risk characteristics of various classifications of loans; • Previous loan loss experience; • Specific loans that would have loan loss potential; • Delinquency trends; • Estimated fair value of the underlying collateral; • Current economic conditions; • The views of ACNB's regulators; • Reports of internal auditors; • Reports of external auditors; • Reports of loan reviews conducted by independent organizations; and, • Geographic and industry loan concentrations. Local
economic conditions could impact the loan portfolio of ACNB. For example, an increase in unemployment, a decrease in real estate values, or increases in interest rates, as well as
other factors, could weaken the economies of the communities ACNB serves. Weakness in the market areas served by ACNB could depress the Corporation's earnings and, consequently, its financial
condition because: • Borrowers may not be able to repay their loans; • The value of the collateral securing ACNB's loans to borrowers may decline; and/or, • The quality of ACNB's loan portfolio may decline. Although,
based on the aforementioned procedures implemented by ACNB, management believes the current allowance for loan losses is adequate, ACNB may have to increase its provision for
loan losses should local economic conditions deteriorate which could negatively impact its financial condition and results of operations. CHANGES IN REAL ESTATE VALUES MAY ADVERSELY IMPACT ACNB'S BANKING SUBSIDIARY LOANS THAT ARE SECURED
BY REAL ESTATE. A significant portion of ACNB's banking subsidiary loan portfolio consists of residential and commercial mortgages, as well as consumer
loans, secured by real estate. These properties are concentrated in Adams County, Pennsylvania. Real estate values and real estate markets generally are affected by, among other things, changes in
national, regional or local economic conditions, fluctuations in interest rates, the availability of loans to potential purchasers, changes in the
tax laws and other government statutes, regulations and policies, and acts of nature. If real estate prices decline, particularly in ACNB's market area, the value of the real estate collateral
securing ACNB's loans could be reduced. This reduction in the value of the collateral could increase the number of non-performing loans and could have a material adverse impact on ACNB's financial
condition and results of operations. ACNB'S INFORMATION SYSTEMS MAY EXPERIENCE AN INTERRUPTION OR BREACH IN SECURITY. ACNB relies heavily on communications and information systems to conduct its business. Any failure, interruption or breach in security
of these systems could result in failures or disruptions in 23 Table of Contents ACNB's
customer relationship management, general ledger, deposit, loan and other systems. While ACNB has policies and procedures designed to prevent or limit the effect of the failure, interruption or
security breach of its information systems, there can be no assurance that any such failures, interruptions or security breaches will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately
addressed. Although ACNB maintains insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions including significant self-insured deductibles, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such
insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses. The occurrence of any failures, interruptions or security breaches of ACNB's information systems could damage ACNB's reputation, adversely
affecting customer or investor confidence, result in a loss of customer business, subject ACNB to additional regulatory scrutiny and possible regulatory penalties, or expose ACNB to civil litigation
and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. ACNB CONTINUALLY ENCOUNTERS TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGE. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new
technology-driven products and services. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers and to reduce costs. ACNB's future success
depends, in part, upon its ability to address the needs of its customers by using technology to provide products and services that will satisfy customer
demands, as well as to create additional efficiencies in ACNB's operations. Many of ACNB's competitors have substantially greater resources to invest in technological improvements. ACNB may not be
able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and services to its customers. Failure to successfully keep pace with
technological change affecting the financial services industry could have a material adverse impact on ACNB's business and, in turn, ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. FINANCIAL SERVICES COMPANIES DEPEND ON THE ACCURACY AND COMPLETENESS OF INFORMATION ABOUT CUSTOMERS
AND COUNTERPARTIES. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, ACNB may rely on information furnished by or on behalf of
customers and counterparties, including financial statements, credit reports, and other financial information. ACNB may also rely on representations of those customers, counterparties or other third
parties, such as independent auditors, as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. Reliance on inaccurate or misleading financial statements, credit reports, or other financial
information could have a material adverse impact on ACNB's business and, in turn, ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. CONSUMERS MAY DECIDE NOT TO USE BANKS TO COMPLETE THEIR FINANCIAL TRANSACTIONS. Technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions that historically have involved banks through
alternative methods. For example, consumers can now maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. Consumers can also complete
transactions such as paying bills and/or transferring funds directly without the assistance of banks. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as "disintermediation", could result in
the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and the related income generated from those deposits. The loss of these revenue streams and the lower cost deposits as a source of
funds could have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. 24 Table of Contents FUTURE ECONOMIC CONDITIONS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT SECONDARY SOURCES OF LIQUIDITY. In addition to primary sources of liquidity in the form of deposits and principal and interest payments on outstanding loans and
investments, ACNB maintains secondary sources that provide it with additional liquidity. These secondary sources include secured and unsecured borrowings from sources such as the Federal Reserve Bank,
Federal Home Loan Bank of Pittsburgh, and third-party commercial banks. However, market liquidity conditions have been negatively impacted by past disruptions in the capital markets and could, in the
future, have a negative impact on ACNB's secondary sources of liquidity. SEVERE WEATHER, NATURAL DISASTERS, ACTS OF WAR OR TERRORISM, AND OTHER EXTERNAL EVENTS COULD
SIGNIFICANTLY IMPACT ACNB'S BUSINESS. The unpredictable nature of events such as severe weather, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, and other adverse external
events could have a significant impact on ACNB's ability to conduct business. If any of its financial, accounting, network or other information processing systems fail or have other significant
shortcomings due to external events, ACNB could be materially adversely affected. Third parties with which ACNB does business could also be sources of operational risk to ACNB, including the risk that
the third parties' own network and information processing systems could fail. Any of these occurrences could materially diminish ACNB's ability to operate one or more of the Corporation's businesses,
or result in potential liability to clients, reputational damage, and regulatory intervention, any of which could materially adversely affect ACNB. Such events could affect the stability of ACNB's
deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, impair ACNB's liquidity, cause significant property damage, result in loss of
revenue, and/or cause ACNB to incur additional expenses. ACNB
may be subject to disruptions or failures of the financial, accounting, network and other information processing systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond
ACNB's control, which may include, for example, computer viruses, electrical or telecommunications outages, natural disasters, disease pandemics, damage to property or physical assets, or terrorist
acts. ACNB has developed a comprehensive business continuity plan which includes plans to maintain or resume operations in the event of an emergency, such as a power outage or disease pandemic, and
contingency plans in the event that operations or systems cannot be resumed or restored. The business continuity plan is updated as needed, periodically reviewed, and components are regularly tested.
ACNB also reviews and evaluates the business continuity plans of critical third-party service providers. While ACNB believes its business continuity plan and efforts to evaluate the business
continuity plans of critical third-party service providers help mitigate risks, disruptions or failures affecting any of these systems may cause interruptions in service to customers, damage to ACNB's
reputation, and loss or liability to the Corporation. FUTURE CREDIT DOWNGRADES OF THE UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT DUE TO ISSUES RELATING TO DEBT AND THE
DEFICIT MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT ACNB. As a result of past difficulties of the federal government to reach agreement over federal debt and issues connected with the debt
ceiling, certain rating agencies placed the United States government's long-term sovereign debt rating on their equivalent of negative watch and announced the possibility of a rating downgrade. The
rating agencies, due to constraints related to the rating of the United States, also placed government-sponsored enterprises in which ACNB invests and receives lines of credit on negative watch and a
downgrade of the United States government's credit rating would trigger a similar downgrade in the credit rating of these government-sponsored enterprises. Furthermore, the credit rating of other
entities, such as state and local governments, may also be downgraded should the United States government's credit rating be downgraded. The impact that a credit rating downgrade 25 Table of Contents may
have on the national and local economy could have an adverse effect on ACNB's financial condition and results of operations. ACNB'S BANKING SUBSIDIARY MAY BE REQUIRED TO PAY HIGHER FDIC INSURANCE PREMIUMS OR SPECIAL
ASSESSMENTS WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT ITS EARNINGS. Poor economic conditions and the resulting bank failures have increased the costs of the FDIC and adversely impacted its Deposit
Insurance Fund. Additional bank failures may prompt the FDIC to increase its premiums or to issue special assessments. ACNB is generally unable to control the amount of premiums or special assessments
that its banking subsidiary is required to pay for FDIC insurance. Any future changes in the calculation or assessment of FDIC insurance premiums may have a material adverse effect on ACNB's financial
condition and results of operations. INCOME TAXATION CHANGES COULD HAVE NEGATIVE EFFECTS ON RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND ASSET VALUES. Discussions of proposed major overhauls of the federal corporate tax code could result in unknown and unpredictable effects on ACNB's
results of operations and value of assets. Proposals that would lower the corporate tax rate and, at the same time, reduce certain deductions from taxable income are aimed to increase overall revenue
from corporate taxation. For example, reducing the tax deductibility of state and local government investments and loans would increase income tax expense and could perhaps decrease the value of those
assets. Lowering tax rates would decrease the value of certain deferred tax assets. In addition, changes to individual income tax laws could have the effect of lowering demand for important sources of
lending and revenue to ACNB, such as residential mortgages. THE INCREASING USE OF SOCIAL MEDIA PLATFORMS PRESENTS NEW RISKS AND CHALLENGES AND THE INABILITY OR
FAILURE TO RECOGNIZE, RESPOND TO, AND EFFECTIVELY MANAGE THE ACCELERATED IMPACT OF SOCIAL MEDIA COULD MATERIALLY ADVERSELY IMPACT ACNB'S BUSINESS. There has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including weblogs (blogs), social media websites, and other
forms of Internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. Social media practices in the banking industry are evolving, which
creates uncertainty and risk of noncompliance with regulations applicable to ACNB's business. Consumers value readily available information concerning businesses and their goods and services and often
act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. Many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often
without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. Information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to ACNB's interests and/or may be inaccurate. The dissemination of
information online could harm ACNB's business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information's accuracy. The harm may be immediate without affording ACNB an
opportunity for redress or correction. Other
risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about ACNB's business, exposure of personally identifiable
information, fraud, out-of-date information, and improper use by employees and customers. The inappropriate use of social media by ACNB's customers or employees could result in negative consequences
including remediation costs including training for employees, additional regulatory scrutiny and possible regulatory penalties, litigation, or negative publicity that could damage ACNB's reputation
adversely affecting customer or investor confidence. 26 Table of Contents ITEM 1B