 - Our inability to secure, protect and maintain rights to intellectual property could have an adverse impact on our business. " Environmental Matters We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling, disposal and clean-up of waste materials and otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. It is not possible to quantify with certainty the potential impact of actions regarding environmental matters, particularly remediation and other compliance efforts that we may undertake in the future. In the opinion of our management, compliance with the present environmental protection laws, before taking into account estimated recoveries from third parties, will not have a material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures, financial condition, and results of operations or competitive position. See also "Item 1A. Risk Factors - We are subject to global environmental regulation and environmental risks, product content and product safety laws and regulations as well as laws, regulations and self-regulatory requirements relating to privacy and data security ." Employees As of December 31, 2014 , we had approximately 5,240 full-time and part-time employees. There have been no strikes or material labor disputes at any of our facilities during the past five years. We consider our employee relations to be good. For a description of certain factors that may have had, or may in the future have, a significant impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations, see "Item 1A. Risk Factors ." 4 Executive Officers of the Company The following sets forth certain information with regard to our executive officers as of February 23, 2015 (ages are as of December 31, 2014). Mark C. Anderson , age 52 • 2007 - present, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development • Joined the Company in 2007 Boris Elisman , age 52 • 2013 - present, President and Chief Executive Officer • 2010 - 2013, President and Chief Operating Officer • 2008 - 2010, President, ACCO Brands Americas • 2008, President, Global Office Products Group • 2004 - 2008, President, Computer Products Group • Joined the Company in 2004 Neal V. Fenwick , age 53 • 2005 - present, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer • 1999 - 2005, Vice President Finance and Administration, ACCO World • 1994 - 1999 Vice President Finance, ACCO Europe • Joined the Company in 1984 Christopher M. Franey , age 58 • 2010 - present, Executive Vice President; President, Computer Products Group • 2010 - 2013, Executive Vice President; President, ACCO Brands International and President, Computer Products Group • 2008 - 2010, President, Computer Products Group • Joined the Company in 2008 Ralph P. Hargrow , age 62 • 2013 - present, Senior Vice President and Chief People Officer • 2005 - 2013, Global Chief People Officer, Molson Coors Brewing Company • Joined the Company in August 2013 Robert J. Keller , age 61 • 2013 - present, Executive Chairman • 2008 - 2013, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer • 2004 - 2008, President and Chief Executive Officer, APAC Customer Services, Inc. • Joined the Company in 2008 Gregory J. McCormack , age 51 • October 2013 - present, Senior Vice President, Global Products • 2012 - 2013, Senior Vice President, Operations, ACCO Brands Emerging Markets • 2010 - 2012, Senior Vice President, Operations - ACCO Brands International • 2008 - 2010, Senior Vice President, Operations, Americas • Joined the Company in 1996 Neil A. McLachlan , age 58 • 2012 - present, Executive Vice President; President, International • 1999 - 2012, President, Consumer and Office Products Group, MeadWestvaco Corporation • Joined the Company in 2012 Thomas P. O'Neill, Jr , age 61 • 2008 - March 2015, Senior Vice President, Finance and Accounting and Principal Accounting Officer • 2005 - 2008, Vice President, Finance and Accounting • Joined the Company in 2005 Kathleen D. Schnaedter , age 45 • Effective April 2015, Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer • 2008 - 2015, Vice President and Corporate Controller • Joined the Company in 1994 Pamela R. Schneider , age 55 • 2012 - present, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary • 2010 - 2012, General Counsel, Accertify, Inc. • 2008 - 2010, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Movie Gallery, Inc. (filed for Chapter 11 in February 2010) • 2005 - 2008, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, APAC Customer Services, Inc. • Joined the Company in 2012 Thomas W. Tedford , age 44 • 2010 - present, Executive Vice President; President, ACCO Brands U.S. Office and Consumer Products • 2010 - 2010, Chief Marketing and Product Development Officer • 2007 - 2010, Group Vice President, APAC Customer Services, Inc. • Joined the Company in 2010 5 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS The factors that are discussed below, as well as the matters that are generally set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference herein, could materially and adversely affect the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. Our business serves a limited number of large and sophisticated customers, and a substantial reduction in sales to one or more of these customers could significantly impact our operating results. A relatively limited number of customers account for a large percentage of our total net sales. Our top ten customers accounted for 53% of our net sales for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 . Sales to Staples, our largest customer, amounted to approximately 13% of our 2014 net sales and sales to Office Depot, our second largest customer, amounted to approximately 11% of our 2014 net sales. Our large customers may seek to leverage their size to obtain favorable pricing and other terms. In addition, they have the ability to directly source their own private label products and to create and support new and competing suppliers. The loss of, or a significant reduction in sales to, one or more of our top customers, or significant changes to the terms on which we sell our products to our top customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our customers may further consolidate, which could adversely impact our sales and margins. Our customers have steadily consolidated over the last two decades. In the fourth quarter of 2013, two of our large customers, Office Depot and OfficeMax, completed their merger. Since the merger, the combined company has taken actions to harmonize pricing from its suppliers, close retail outlets and rationalize their supply chain, which have negatively impacted, and will continue to negatively impact, our sales and margins. We believe these activities will continue for some time and that the adverse effects and future actions will take several years to be fully realized. Additionally, our largest customer, Staples, announced in early 2015 an agreement to acquire Office Depot, our second largest customer. Together these customers accounted for 25% of our 2014 net sales. If the acquisition is completed we expect Staples to take similar actions which we expect to adversely impact our sales and margins. The impact of this further industry consolidation will take a number of years to be fully realized. There can be no assurance that following consolidation these and other large customers will continue to buy from us across our different product segments or geographic regions or at the same levels as prior to consolidation, which could adversely impact our financial results. Further, continued industry consolidation appears likely, which may result in further reductions in our sales and margins and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. See also "Part II. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. " Shifts in the channels of distribution for our products could adversely impact our business. Our customers operate in a very competitive environment. Historically, office product superstores have maintained a significant market share in office, school and dated goods. More recently, new outlets, including mass merchandisers, drug store chains and on-line retailers, have surfaced as meaningful competitors to the office products superstores and are successfully taking market share from office product superstores in many of our product categories. The loss of market share by one or more of our top customers or the continued shift of market share away from the traditional office product superstores towards mass merchandisers, online merchants and other competitors (with whom we currently do a smaller volume of business) could reduce our sales and adversely affect our margins. Additionally, if we are unable to grow sales and gain market share with customers operating in these newer channels of distribution or if the margins we realize in these channels are lower, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Challenges related to the highly competitive business segments in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our ongoing business, results of operations and financial condition. We operate in highly competitive business environment which presents a number of challenges, including: • low barriers to entry; • sophisticated and large customers who have the ability to source their own private label products; • limited retail space which constrains our ability to offer certain products; • competitors with strong brands; • imports from a range of countries, including countries with lower production costs; and 6 • competition from a range of products and services, including electronic, digital or web-based products that can replace or render obsolete or less desirable some of the products we sell. As a result, our business is likely to be affected by: (1) decisions and actions of our top customers to increase their purchases of private label products or otherwise change product assortments; (2) decisions of current and potential suppliers of competing products to take advantage of low entry barriers to expand their production or lower prices; and (3) decisions of end-users of our products to expand their use of lower priced, substitute or alternative products. Any such decisions could result in lower sales and margins and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our success depends on our ability to continue to develop innovative products that meet end-user demands (including price expectations) and expand our business into adjacent categories which are experiencing higher growth rates. Our competitive position depends on continued investment in innovation and product development, manufacturing and sourcing, quality standards, marketing and customer service and support. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and offer products that appeal to the changing needs and preferences of our customers and end-users in a market where many of our product categories are affected by continuing improvements in technology and shortened product lifecycles and others are experiencing secular declines. We may not have sufficient resources to make the investments that may be necessary to anticipate or react to the changing needs, and we may not identify, develop and market products successfully or otherwise be able to maintain our competitive position. In addition, the market for certain of the products we sell is declining. See also " - Continued declines in the use of certain of our products, especially paper-based dated and time management and productivity tools, could adversely affect our business ." Part of our strategy to deal with this decline is to expand our product assortment into new and adjacent product categories with a higher growth profile. There can be no assurance that we will successfully execute these strategies. If we are unable to take market share or to successfully expand our product assortment, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. The market for products sold by our Computer Products Group is rapidly changing and highly competitive. Our Computer Products Group operates in a market that is characterized by rapid technological changes, short product life cycles and a dependency on the introduction by third party manufacturers of new products and devices, which drives demand for accessories sold by the Company. To compete successfully, we need to anticipate and bring to market innovative new accessories in a timely and effective way, which requires significant skills and investment. We may not have sufficient market intelligence, talent or resources to successfully meet these challenges. Additionally, the short product life cycles increase the risk that our products will become commoditized or obsolete and that we could be left with an excess of old and slow-moving inventory. Rapid changes in technology, shifting demand for personal computers, laptops, tablets and mobile devices, as well as delays in the introduction of new technology and our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes and delays, could adversely affect the demand for our products and have an adverse effect on the business, results of operations and financial condition of our Computer Products Group. Recently, rapid changes in technology lead to the commoditization of many of our tablet accessories resulting in increased competition and a degradation in sales and margins. In 2014, we decided to shift our focus away from these commoditized products resulting in a reduction in sales and profitability. See "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ." Sales of our products may be adversely affected by issues that affect business, commercial and consumer spending decisions during periods of economic uncertainty or weakness. Demand for our products, especially business machines and other durable goods, can be very sensitive to uncertain or weak economic conditions. In addition, during periods of economic uncertainty or weakness, we tend to see the demand for our products decrease, increased competition from private label and other branded and/or generic products that compete on price and quality and our reseller customers reduce inventories. In addition end-users tend to purchase more lower-cost, private label or other economy brands, more readily switch to electronic, digital or web-based products serving similar functions, or forgo certain purchases altogether. As a result, adverse changes in economic conditions or sustained periods of economic uncertainty or weakness could negatively affect our earnings and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flow and financial position. 7 We rely extensively on information technology systems to operate, transact and otherwise manage our business. Any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach of that technology or its supporting infrastructure could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. We rely extensively on our information technology systems, most of which are outsourced to third-party service providers. We depend on these systems and our third-party service providers to effectively manage our business and execute the production, distribution and sale of our products as well as to manage and report our financial results and run other support functions. Although we have implemented service level agreements and have established monitoring controls, if our outsourcing vendors fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory levels, our business could suffer. The failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, or a breach in the security of these systems could disrupt service to our customers, negatively impact our ability to report our financial results in a timely and accurate manner, damage our reputation, and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our information technology general controls are an important aspect of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. In 2014, we had a material weakness in our information technology general controls which has been remediated. Failure to successfully execute our information technology general controls could adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures and impair our ability to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner. If services to our customers are negatively impacted by the failure or breach of our information systems, or if we are unable to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner or to conclude that our internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures are effective, investor, supplier and customer confidence in our reported financial information as well as market perception of our Company and/or the trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Growth in emerging market geographies may be difficult to achieve and exposes us to certain risks, including economic volatility, unstable political conditions and civil unrest. An increasing percentage of our sales are derived from emerging markets such as Latin America and parts of Asia, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. Moreover, the profitable growth of our business in emerging markets, through both organic investments and through acquisitions, is a key element to our long-term growth strategy. Emerging markets generally involve more financial and operational risks than more mature markets. In some cases, emerging markets have greater political and economic volatility, greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions, are more susceptible to corruption, and are in locations where it may be more difficult to impose corporate standards and procedures and the extraterritorial laws of the United States. Negative or uncertain political climates and military disruptions in developing and emerging markets could also adversely affect us. Further, weak legal systems may affect our ability to enforce our intellectual property, contractual and other rights. As we grow our business in these emerging markets, we increase our exposure to financial, legal and other risks including currency transfer restrictions, hyperinflation or devaluation, the lack of well-established or reliable legal systems, corruption, adverse economic conditions, political actions or instability, import and export restrictions, terrorism and civil unrest. Likewise, our cost of doing business increases due to costs of compliance with complex and numerous foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, and regulations on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries, which, from time to time, result in significant cash balances in foreign countries due to limitations on the repatriation of funds. See also " - Material disruptions resulting from telecommunication failures, power and/or water shortages, acts of God, war, terrorism and other geopolitical incidents and other circumstances outside our control could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition ." If we are unable to successfully expand our businesses in emerging markets, achieve the return on capital we expect as a result of our investments, or effectively manage the risks inherent in our growth strategy in these markets, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our strategy is partially based on growth through acquisitions. Failure to properly identify, value, manage and integrate any of the acquisitions may impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. A key element of our long-term growth strategy involves acquisitions. We are particularly focused on acquiring companies that have the potential to accelerate our growth in emerging markets or our entry into adjacent product categories. 8 We may not be successful in identifying suitable acquisition opportunities, prevailing against competing potential acquirers, negotiating appropriate acquisition terms, obtaining financing, completing proposed acquisitions, integrating acquired businesses or expanding in new markets or product categories. In addition, an acquisition may not perform as planned, be accretive to earnings, or prove to be beneficial to our operations and cash flow. If we fail to effectively identify, value, consummate, manage and integrate any acquired company we may not realize the potential growth opportunities or achieve the synergies or financial results anticipated at the time of its acquisition, which could adversely affect our growth prospects, business and results of operations. An acquisition could also adversely impact our operating performance as a result of the issuance of acquisition-related debt, pre-acquisition potential liabilities, acquisition expense and the amortization of acquisition assets or possible future impairments of goodwill or intangible assets associated with the acquisition. In addition, to the extent these acquisitions increase our exposure to emerging markets, the risks associated with doing business in these markets will increase. See also " - Growth in emerging market geographies may be difficult to achieve and exposes us to certain risks, including economic volatility, unstable political conditions and civil unrest ." Our failure to comply with customer contracts may lead to fines or loss of business which could adversely impact our revenue and results of operations. Our contracts with our customers include specific performance requirements. In addition, some of our contracts with governmental customers are subject to various procurement regulations, contract provisions and other requirements. If we fail to comply with the specific provisions of our customer contracts or violate government contracting regulations, we could become subject to fines, suffer a loss of business or incur other penalties which, in the case of government contracts, could include suspension from further government contract opportunities. If our customer contracts are terminated, if we fail to meet our contractual obligations, are suspended or disbarred from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, we could suffer a reduction in expected revenue and margins. Litigation or legal proceedings could expose us to significant liabilities and damage our reputation. In connection with our May 1, 2012 acquisition of Mead C&OP, we assumed all of the tax liabilities for the acquired foreign operations, including Tilibra Produtos de Papelaria Ltda. ("Tilibra"). In December of 2012, the Federal Revenue Department of the Ministry of Finance of Brazil ("FRD") issued a tax assessment (the "Brazilian Tax Assessment") against Tilibra, which challenged the tax deduction of goodwill from Tilibra's taxable income for the year 2007. A second assessment challenging the deduction of goodwill from Tilibra's taxable income for the years 2008, 2009 and 2010 was issued by FRD in October 2013. Tilibra is disputing both of the tax assessments through established administrative procedures. We believe we have meritorious defenses and intend to vigorously contest these matters; however, there can be no assurances that we will ultimately prevail. We are in the early stages of the process to challenge the FRD's tax assessments, and the ultimate outcome will not be determined until the Brazilian tax appeal process is complete, which is expected to take a number of years. In addition, Tilibra's 2011-2012 tax years remain open and subject to audit, and there can be no assurances that we will not receive additional tax assessments regarding the goodwill for one or both of those years. With respect to the years 2008 to 2012 we have accrued R 102.7 million ( $38.7 million based on December 31, 2014 exchange rates) of tax, penalties and interest. If the FRD's initial position is ultimately sustained, the amount assessed would materially and adversely affect our cash flow in the year of settlement. Because there is no settled legal precedent on which to base a definitive opinion as to whether we will ultimately prevail, we consider the outcome of this dispute to be uncertain. Since it is not more likely than not that we will prevail, in the fourth quarter of 2012, we recorded a reserve in the amount of $44.5 million (at December 31, 2012 exchange rates) in consideration of this contingency, of which $43.3 million was recorded as an adjustment to the purchase price and which included the 2008-2012 tax years plus interest and penalties through December 2012. In addition, we will continue to accrue interest related to this contingency until such time as the outcome is known or until evidence is presented that we are more likely than not to prevail. During 2014 , 2013 and 2012 , we accrued additional interest as a charge to current tax expense of $3.2 million , $1.8 million and $1.2 million , respectively. There are various other claims, lawsuits and pending actions against us incidental to our operations. It is the opinion of management that (other than the Brazilian Tax Assessment) the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flow. However, there is no assurance that we will ultimately be successful in our defense of any of these matters or that an adverse outcome in any matter will not affect our results of operations, financial condition or cash flow. 9 Risks associated with outsourcing the production of certain of our products and our information technology systems and other administrative functions could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We outsource certain manufacturing functions to suppliers in China and other Far Eastern countries and Eastern Europe. Outsourcing of product design and production creates a number of risks, including decreased control over the engineering and manufacturing processes resulting in unforeseen production delays or interruptions, inferior product quality, loss or misappropriation of trade secrets and other performance issues which could result in cost overruns, delayed deliveries or shortages. Additionally, our suppliers must comply with our design and product content specifications, and all applicable laws, including product safety, security, labor and environmental laws. In addition, we expect our suppliers to conform to our and our customers' expectations with respect to product safety, product quality and social responsibility, be responsive to our audits and otherwise be certified as meeting our and our customers' supplier codes of conduct. Failure to meet any of these requirements may result in our having to cease doing business with a supplier or cease production at a particular facility. Substitute suppliers might not be available or, if available, might be unwilling or unable to offer products on acceptable terms or in a timely manner. Any of these circumstances could result in unforeseen production delays and increased costs and negatively affect our ability to deliver products and services to our customers, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, if one or more of our suppliers is unable or unwilling to continue to provide products of acceptable quality, at acceptable cost or in a timely manner due to financial difficulties, insolvency or otherwise, or if customer demand for our products increases, we may be unable to secure sufficient additional capacity from our current suppliers, or others, in a timely manner or on acceptable terms. Any of these events could result in unforeseen production delays and increased costs and negatively affect our ability to deliver our products and services to our customers, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We also outsource important portions of our information technology infrastructure and systems support to third party service providers. Outsourcing of information technology services creates risks to our business which are similar to those created by our product production outsourcing. If one or more of our information technology suppliers is unable or unwilling to continue to provide services at acceptable cost due to financial difficulties, insolvency or otherwise, or if our third party service providers experience a security breach or disruptions in service, our business could be adversely affected. See also " - We rely extensively on information technology systems to operate, transact and otherwise manage our business. Any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security breach of that technology or its supporting infrastructure could adversely affect our business, results of operation or financial condition ." In addition, we outsource certain administrative functions, such as payroll processing, benefit plan administration and accounts payable to third party service providers and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If the service providers to which we outsource these functions do not perform effectively, we may not be able to achieve the expected cost savings and may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved, such errors may lead to business disruption, processing inefficiencies or loss of, or damage to intellectual property, or harm employee morale. Continued declines in the use of certain of our products, especially paper-based dated and time management and productivity tools, could adversely affect our business. A number of our products and brands consist of paper-based dated and time management and productivity tools that historically have tended to be higher-margin products. However, consumer preference for technology-based solutions for time management and planning continues to grow worldwide. Many consumers use or have access to electronic tools that may serve as substitutes for traditional paper-based time management and productivity tools. Accordingly, the continued introduction of new digital software applications and web-based services by companies offering time management and productivity solutions could adversely impact the revenue and profitability of our largely paper-based portfolio of dated and time management products. Additionally, the markets for other product categories, such as decorative calendars, ring binders and mechanical binding equipment, are also declining. A continued decline in the overall size of the market for the products we sell could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our significant indebtedness requires us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to debt payments and limits our ability to engage in certain activities. If we are unable to meet our obligations under our debt agreements or are contractually restricted from pursuing activities or transactions that we believe are in our long-term best interests, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2014 , we had $ 800.7 million of outstanding debt. Our debt service obligations require us to dedicate a 10 substantial portion of our cash flow from operating activities to payments on our indebtedness, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and product development efforts, potential acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes. Our significant indebtedness also may increase our vulnerability to economic downturns and changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to competitors that have less debt. In addition, approximately $299 million of our outstanding debt is subject to floating interest rates, which increases our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. The terms of our debt agreements also limit our ability to engage in certain activities and transactions that may be in our long-term interest. Among other things, the covenants and financial ratios and tests contained in our debt agreements restrict or limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, incur certain liens on our assets, issue preferred stock or certain disqualified stock, make restricted payments, including investments, sell our assets or merge with other companies, and enter into certain transactions with affiliates. We are also required to maintain specified financial ratios under certain circumstances and satisfy financial condition tests. Our ability to comply with these covenants and financial ratios and tests may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to continue to meet those covenants, ratios and tests. Our ability to meet our debt obligations, including our financial covenants and to refinance our existing indebtedness upon maturity, will depend upon our future operating performance, which will be affected by general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory, business and other factors. Breach of any of the covenants, ratios and tests contained in the agreements governing our indebtedness, or our inability to pay interest on, or principal of, our outstanding debt as it becomes due, could result in an event of default, in which case our lenders could declare all amounts outstanding to be immediately due and payable. If our lenders accelerate our indebtedness or we are not able to refinance our debts at maturity, our assets may not be sufficient to repay in full such indebtedness and any other indebtedness that would become due as a result of such acceleration. If we then are unable to obtain replacement financing or any such replacement financing is on terms that are less favorable than the indebtedness being replaced, our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. Should any of the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness be realized, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. See also "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources ." Our business is subject to risks associated with seasonality, which could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. Historically, our business has experienced higher sales in the third and fourth quarters of the calendar year. Two principal factors contribute to this seasonality: (1) the office products industry, its customers and ACCO Brands specifically are major suppliers of products related to the "back-to-school" season, which occurs principally from June through September for our North American business and from November through February for our Australian and Brazilian businesses; and (2) several products we sell lend themselves to calendar year-end purchase timing, including AT-A-GLANCE ® and Day-Timer ® planners, paper organization and storage products (including bindery) and Kensington computer accessories, which have higher sales in the fourth quarter driven by traditionally strong fourth-quarter sales of personal computers and tablets. As a result, we have generated, and expect to continue to generate, most of our earnings in the second half of the year and much of our cash flow in the first, third and fourth quarters as receivables are collected. If these typical seasonal increases in sales of certain portions of our product line do not materialize, it may have an outsized impact on our business, which could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. Risks associated with currency volatility could adversely affect our sales, profitability, cash flow and results of operations. With approximately 45% of our sales for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2014 arising from foreign sales, fluctuations in currency exchange rates can have a material impact on our results of operations. Our risk exposure is primarily related to the Brazilian real, the Canadian dollar, the Euro, the Australian dollar, the British pound, the Mexican peso and the Japanese yen. Currency fluctuations impact the results of our non-U.S. operations that are reported in U.S. dollars. As a result, a strong U.S. dollar reduces the dollar-denominated sales contributions from foreign operations and a weak U.S. dollar benefits us in the form of higher reported sales. Additionally approximately half of the products we sell are sourced from China and other Far Eastern countries and Eastern Europe and are paid for in U.S. dollars based on prevailing currency exchange rates. Thus, for our non-U.S. businesses, movements in the value of local currencies relative to the U.S. dollar affect our cost of goods sold where we source products from Asia, with a weaker dollar decreasing costs of goods sold and a stronger dollar increasing costs of goods sold relative to the local selling price. 11 We cannot predict the rate at which the U.S. dollar will trade against other currencies in the future. As the reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar, if the U.S. dollar were to strengthen, making the dollar more valuable relative to other currencies in the global market, it would negatively impact the U.S dollar value of our international sales, profits and cash flow and it could adversely impact our ability to compete or competitively price our products in those markets, and therefore, adversely affect our sales, profitability, cash flow and results of operations. Additionally, as we increase the size of our business in emerging markets, our exposure to the risks associated with currency volatility increases. See also " - Growth in emerging market geographies may be difficult to achieve and exposes us to certain risks, including economic volatility, unstable political conditions and civil unrest ." During the fourth quarter of 2014, the U.S. dollar strengthened significantly relative to other currencies which reduced our sales and adversely impacted our financial results. We expect this trend to continue into 2015. See "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ." Raw materials, labor and transportation costs are subject to price increases and decreases that could adversely affect our sales and profitability. The primary materials used in the manufacturing of many of our products are paper, plastics, resin, polyester and polypropylene substrates, steel, wood, aluminum, melamine, zinc and cork. In general, our gross profit may be affected from time to time by fluctuations in the prices of these materials. We attempt to reduce our exposure to increases in these costs through a variety of measures, including obtaining price increases from our customers when appropriate as well as executing periodic purchases, future delivery contracts, longer-term price contracts and holding our own inventory. Likewise, we attempt to take advantage of price decreases by negotiating cost reductions with our suppliers to ensure that our customer pricing remains competitive. There can be no assurances that we will successfully negotiate price increases or decreases or that the other measures we take to manage the risk of fluctuation in raw material costs will be effective in avoiding a negative impact in our sales and profitability. See also "Note 13. Derivative Financial Instruments " to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8. of this report. Inflationary and other substantial increases and decreases in costs of materials, labor and transportation have occurred in the past and may recur, and raw materials may not continue to be available in adequate supply in the future. Shortages in the supply of any of the raw materials we use in our products and services, or the availability of international shipping capacity could result in price increases or decreases that could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Some of our suppliers are dependent upon other industries for raw materials as well as the other products and services necessary to produce the products they supply to us. Any adverse impacts to those industries could have a ripple effect on our suppliers, which could adversely impact their ability to supply us at levels or costs we consider necessary or appropriate for our business, or at all. Any such disruptions could negatively impact our ability to deliver products and services to our customers, which in turn could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our pension costs and cash contributions could substantially increase as a result of volatility in the equity markets, changes in interest rates or other factors. Our defined benefit pension plans are not fully funded and the funding status of our plans is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of our pension plans and the ongoing funding requirements of those plans. Changes in interest rates and the market value of plan assets impact the funded status of these plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future plan funding requirements. Our cash contributions to pension and defined benefit plans totaled $12.4 million in 2014 ; however the exact amount of cash contributions made to pension plans in any year is dependent upon a number of factors, including the investment returns on pension plan assets and laws relating to pension funding requirements. A significant increase in our pension funding requirements could have an adverse impact on our cash flow, results from operations and financial condition. See also "Part II, Item 7. Critical Accounting Policies - Employee Benefit Plans " and "Note 5. Pension and Other Retiree Benefits " to the consolidated financial statements contained in Part II, Item 8. of this report for more information about these plans. Impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. We have recorded significant amounts of goodwill and other intangible assets, which increased substantially due to our acquisition of Mead C&OP. As a result, the fair values of certain indefinite-lived trade names are not significantly above their carrying values. Future events may occur that could adversely affect the reported value of our assets and require impairment charges, which could negatively affect our financial results. Such events may include, but are not limited to, a sustained decline in our stock price or our sales of one or more of our branded product lines, or strategic decisions we may choose to make regarding how we use our brands in various global markets. 12 Should one of our customers or suppliers experience financial difficulties or file for bankruptcy our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our concentrated customer base increases our customer credit risk. Were any of our customers to face liquidity issues, become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, we could be adversely impacted due to not only a reduction in future sales but also delays in payment and/or losses associated with the inability to collect any outstanding accounts receivable from that customer. Such a result could adversely impact our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, should one of our suppliers or third party service providers experience financial difficulties our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. See also " - Risks associated with outsourcing the production of certain of our products and our information technology systems and other administrative functions could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition ." We are subject to global environmental regulation and environmental risks, product content and product safety laws and regulations as well as laws, regulations and self-regulatory requirements relating to privacy and data security. Our business is subject to national, state, provincial and/or local environmental laws and regulations in both the U.S. and abroad which govern the discharge and emission of certain materials and waste, and establish standards for their use, disposal and management. We are also subject to laws regulating the content of toxic chemicals and materials in the products we sell as well as laws and directives related to the safety of our products, and self-regulatory requirements regarding privacy and data security. There has also been a sharp increase in laws and regulations in Europe, the U.S. and elsewhere, imposing requirements on our handling of personal data, including data of employees, consumers and business contacts. All of these laws, regulations and self-regulatory frameworks are complex and may change frequently. Capital and operating expenses required to comply with environmental, product content and product safety laws and regulations and information security and privacy obligations can be significant, and violations may result in substantial fines, penalties and civil damages as well as reputational damage. Any significant increase in our costs of complying with applicable environmental and product content and safety laws and obligations relating to privacy and data security as well as claims or liability arising from noncompliance with such laws, regulations and self-regulatory frameworks, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, as we expand our business into emerging and new markets, we increase the number of laws and regulations we are required to comply with which increases the complexity and costs of compliance as well as the risks of noncompliance. See also " - Growth in emerging market geographies may be difficult to achieve and exposes us to certain risks, including economic volatility, unstable political conditions and civil unrest ." Our inability to secure, protect and maintain rights to intellectual property could have an adverse impact on our business. We own and license many patents, trademarks, brand names, trade names, and proprietary content that are, in the aggregate, important to our business. In particular, key products such as our computer security products and our office machines contain patented technology, our school and dated goods business operates under strong consumer brands and our school and calendar businesses license content from third parties. If third parties challenge the validity or enforceability of our intellectual property rights and we cannot successfully defend these challenges, or our intellectual property is invalidated or our patents expire, or if our licenses are terminated due to breach by us, or if licenses expire or are not renewed, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. The loss, expiration or non-renewal of any individual trademark, patent or license may not be material to us, but the loss of a number of patents or trademarks, or the expiration or non-renewal of a significant number of licenses that relate to principal portions of our business could negatively impact our competitive position in the market and have an adverse effect on our business. We could also incur substantial costs to pursue legal actions relating to the unauthorized use by third parties of our intellectual property. If our brands become diluted, if our patents are infringed, or if our competitors introduce brands and products that cause confusion with our brands in the marketplace, the value of our brands may become diminished, which could adversely impact our sales and profitability. We may also become involved in defending intellectual property infringement claims being asserted against us that could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert the efforts of our management, and require us to pay substantial damages or require us to obtain a license, which might not be available on reasonable terms, if at all. 13 Product liability claims or regulatory actions could adversely affect our financial results or harm our reputation or the value of our end-user brands. Claims for losses or injuries purportedly caused by some of our products, arise in the ordinary course of our business. In addition to the risk of substantial monetary judgments and penalties which could have an adverse affect on our results of operations and financial condition, product liability claims or regulatory actions could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation in the marketplace or the value of our end-user brands. We also could be required to recall and possibly discontinue the sale of possible defective or unsafe products, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel. Our success will depend on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, including executive officers and other key personnel. We rely to a significant degree on compensating our executive officers and key employees with performance-based incentive awards that pay out only if specified performance goals have been met. To the extent these performance goals are not met and the incentive awards do not pay out, or pay out less than the targeted amount, as has occurred in prior years, it may motivate certain executive officers and key employees to seek other opportunities. The loss of key management personnel or other key employees or our potential inability to attract such personnel may adversely affect our ability to manage our overall operations and successfully implement our business strategy. Our stock price has been volatile historically and may continue to be volatile in the future. The market price for our common stock has been volatile historically. Our results are significantly affected by factors including those described elsewhere in this "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors " as well as the following: • quarterly fluctuations in our operating results compared to market expectations; • fluctuations in the stock market prices and volumes; • changes in financial estimates by us or securities analysts and recommendations by securities analysts; • actual or anticipated negative earnings or other announcements by us or our top customers; and • the composition of our shareholders, particularly the presence of "short sellers" trading in our stock Volatility in our stock price could adversely affect our business and financing opportunities and force us to increase our cash compensation to our employees or grant larger stock awards, which could hurt our operating results and reduce the percentage ownership of our existing stockholders. Material disruptions resulting from telecommunication failures, power and/or water shortages, acts of God, war, terrorism, other geopolitical incidents or other circumstances outside our control could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. A disruption at one of our or at one of our supplier's or third-party service providers’ facilities (especially facilities in China and other Asia-Pacific countries as well as Latin America) could adversely impact production, and customer deliveries or otherwise negatively impact the operation of our business and result in increased costs. Such a disruption could occur as a result of any number of events including but not limited to a major equipment failure, labor stoppages, transportation failures affecting the supply and shipment of materials and finished goods, the unavailability of raw materials, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, civil unrest, war or terrorism and disruptions in utility and other services. Any such disruptions could adversely impact our business, results of operations or financial condition. ITEM 1B