 Our future operating results
may vary substantially from anticipated results due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control. The following
discussion highlights some of these factors and the possible impact of these factors on future results of operations. If any of
the following factors actually occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially harmed. In
that case, the value of our common stock could decline substantially and you may lose all or part of your investment. Risks Related to Our Business and Industry We are largely dependent on the commercial
success of OXAYDO We anticipate that, for at least fiscal 2015
and 2016, our ability to generate revenues and become profitable will depend in large part on the commercial success of our only
FDA approved product, OXAYDO, which in turn will depend on several factors, including our and our licensee Egalet’s ability
to: · obtain and increase market demand for, and sales of, OXAYDO; · obtain acceptance of OXAYDO by physicians and patients; · obtain and maintain adequate levels of coverage and reimbursement for OXAYDO from commercial health
plans and government health programs, which we refer to collectively as third-party payors, particularly in light of the availability
of other branded and generic competitive products; · maintain compliance with regulatory requirements; · price OXAYDO competitively and enter into price discounting contracts with third-party payors; · establish and maintain agreements with wholesalers and distributors on commercially reasonable
terms; · manufacture and supply OXAYDO to meet commercial demand, including obtaining sufficient quota from
the DEA; and · maintain intellectual property protection for OXAYDO and obtain favorable drug listing treatment
by the FDA to minimize generic competition. There can be no assurance that Egalet will
devote sufficient resources to the marketing and commercialization of OXAYDO. Egalet’s marketing of OXAYDO may result in
low market acceptance and insufficient demand for, and sales of, the product. If Egalet fails to successfully commercialize OXAYDO
and generate and increase sales, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to sustain or grow our business and we may never
become profitable, and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely affected. 27 If we are not successful in commercializing
our NEXAFED Products and other IMPEDE Technology products, our revenues and business will suffer. We commenced the launch and commercial distribution
of NEXAFED in mid-December 2012 and launched our NEXAFED Sinus Pressure + Pain product in February 2015. Our NEXAFED products compete
in the highly competitive market for cold, sinus and allergy products generally available to the consumer without a prescription.
Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources and are able to expend more funds and effort than
us in marketing their competing products. Category leading brands are often supported by regional and national advertising and
promotional efforts. Our NEXAFED products will compete with national brands as well as pharmacy store brands that are offered at
a lower price. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in commercializing our NEXAFED products, or that the pricing of our
NEXAFED products will allow us to generate significant revenues or profit. Regulations have been enacted in several state or local
jurisdictions requiring a doctor’s prescription to obtain pseudoephedrine products. An expansion of such restrictions to
other jurisdictions or even nationally will adversely impact our ability to market our NEXAFED products as OTC products and generate
revenue from NEXAFED products sales. Our failure to successfully commercialize our NEXAFED® products and to develop and commercialize
other IMPEDE Technology products will have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. If Egalet is not successful in
commercializing OXAYDO, our revenues and our business will suffer. Pursuant to our Collaboration and License Agreement
with Egalet, or the Egalet Agreement, Egalet is responsible for manufacturing, marketing, pricing, promotion, selling and distribution
of OXAYDO. If the Egalet Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, including due to a party’s failure to perform
its obligations or responsibilities under the Agreement, then we would need to commercialize OXAYDO ourselves, for which we currently
have no infrastructure, or alternatively enter into a new agreement with another pharmaceutical company, of which no assurance
can be given. If we are unable to build the necessary infrastructure to commercialize OXAYDO ourselves, which would substantially
increase our expenses and capital requirements, which we are currently unable to fund, or are unable to find a suitable replacement
commercialization partner, we would be unable to generate any revenue from OXAYDO. Even if we are successful at replacing the commercialization
capabilities of Egalet, our revenues and/or royalties from OXAYDO could be adversely impacted. Egalet’s third-party manufacturing facility
will be the sole commercial source of supply of OXAYDO. If Egalet’s manufacturing facility fails to obtain sufficient DEA
quotas for oxycodone, fails to source adequate quantities of active and inactive ingredients, fails to comply with regulatory requirements,
or otherwise experiences disruptions in commercial supply of OXAYDO, product revenue and our royalties could be adversely impacted. Egalet has various products in development
for which OXAYDO will vie for such licensee’s development, promotional, marketing, and selling resources. If Egalet fails
to commit sufficient promotional, marketing and selling resources to OXAYDO, our expected royalties could be adversely impacted.
Additionally, there can be no assurance that Egalet will commit the resources required for the successful commercialization of
OXAYDO. The market for our opioid product candidates
is highly competitive with many marketed non-abuse deterrent brand and generic products and other abuse deterrent product candidates
in development. If Egalet prices OXAYDO inappropriately, fails to position OXAYDO properly, targets inappropriate physician specialties,
or otherwise does not provide sufficient promotional support, product revenue and our royalties could be materially adversely impacted. Egalet’s promotional, marketing and sales
activities in connection with OXAYDO are subject to various federal and state fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation,
the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits persons from knowingly
and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce, or in return for, the
purchase or recommendation of an item or service reimbursable under a federal healthcare program. The federal False Claims Act
imposes liability on any person who, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim
for payment by a federal healthcare program. If Egalet’s activities are found to be in violation of these laws or any other
federal and state fraud and abuse laws, Egalet may be subject to penalties, including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines
and the curtailment or restructuring of its activities with regard to the commercialization of OXAYDO, which could harm the commercial
success of Oxaydo and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 28 Our failure to continue the
development of our AVERSION opioid products, including hydrocodone/acetaminophen, , or to successfully establish a license agreement
with a pharmaceutical company for the development and commercialization of such products, will adversely impact our ability to
develop, market and sell such products and our revenues and business will suffer. We have developed to various stages additional
AVERSION opioid products. Our plan for developing, manufacturing and commercializing the AVERSION opioid products includes entering
into an agreement similar to the Egalet Agreement with a strategically focused pharmaceutical company. However, there can be no
assurance that we will be successful in entering into such an agreement. Pending any such agreement, we expect to continue the
development of our AVERSION hydrocodone bitartrate with acetaminophen product on our own. The continued development of our hydrocodone
bitartrate with acetaminophen product and the other opioid products will likely require additional financing, which may not be
available on acceptable terms, or at all. In the absence of available financing, or our failure to successfully enter into a license
agreement with a pharmaceutical company to develop and commercialize the returned products, we may have to limit the size or scope
of, or delay or abandon, the development of some or all of the returned products, which would adversely impact our financial condition
and results of operations. We have a history of operating
losses and may not achieve profitability sufficient to generate a positive return on shareholders’ investment. We had a net loss of $13.2, $13.9 million and
$9.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. Our future profitability will depend on several
factors, including: · our receipt of royalties relating to Egalet’s sale of OXAYDO; · our successful marketing and sale of our NEXAFED® products and other products utilizing our
IMPEDE Technology, and market acceptance, increased demand for and sales of our NEXAFED products; · our receipt of milestone payments and royalties relating to our AVERSION Technology products in
development from future licensees, of which no assurance can be given; and · the receipt of FDA approval and the successful commercialization by future licensees (if any) of
products utilizing our AVERSION Technology and our ability to commercialize our IMPEDE Technology without infringing the patents
and other intellectual property rights of third parties. We cannot assure you that OXAYDO or our NEXAFED
products will be successfully commercialized or our AVERSION Technology or IMPEDE Technology products in development will be successfully
developed or be approved for commercialization by the FDA. Even if Egalet succeeds in commercializing
OXAYDO, or if we or a licensee succeed in developing and commercializing one or more of our pipeline AVERSION Technology products,
or if we are successful in commercializing our NEXAFED products or other IMPEDE Technology products, we expect to continue using
cash reserves for the foreseeable future. Our expenses may increase in the foreseeable future as a result of continued research
and development of our product candidates, maintaining and expanding the scope of our intellectual property, commercializing our
NEXAFED products, and hiring of additional research and development staff. We will need to generate revenues from direct
product sales or indirectly from royalties on sales to achieve and maintain profitability. If we cannot successfully commercialize
our NEXAFED products, if Egalet does not successfully commercialize OXAYDO, or if we or our licensee (if any) cannot successfully
develop, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize our products in development, we will not be able to generate such royalty
revenues or achieve future profitability. Our failure to achieve or maintain profitability would have a material adverse impact
on our operations, financial condition and on the market price of our common stock. 29 We must rely on current cash
reserves, milestones payable by Egalet under the Egalet Agreement, royalties from Egalet on Egalet’s sale of OXAYDO, and
revenues from our NEXAFED product sales to fund operations. Pending the receipt of the milestone payments
and royalties under the Egalet Agreement relating to OXAYDO, and milestone payments and royalties under license agreements similar
to the Egalet Agreement that we may enter into with other pharmaceutical companies relating to our products in development, in
each case of which no assurance can be given, we must rely on our current cash reserves and revenues from our sales of our NEXAFED
products to fund operations and product development activities. No assurance can be given that current cash reserves and revenues
from our NEXAFED product sales will be sufficient to fund continued operations and the development of our product candidates until
such time as we generate revenues from Egalet’s commercialization of OXAYDO or from any of our products in development. Moreover,
no assurance can be given that we will be successful in raising additional financing or, if funding is obtained, that such funding
will be sufficient to fund operations until we generate sufficient revenues from OXAYDO, or until product candidates utilizing
our AVERSION or IMPEDE Technologies may be commercialized. In the event our cash reserves are insufficient to fund continued operations,
we may need to suspend some or all of our product development efforts or possibly discontinue operations. Our and our licensees’
ability to market and promote OXAYDO and other AVERSION Technology products by describing the abuse deterrent features of such
products will be determined by the FDA approved label for such products. The commercial success of OXAYDO and our AVERSION
Technology products in development will depend upon our and our licensees’ ability to obtain FDA approved labeling describing
such products’ abuse deterrent features or benefits. Our or our licensees’ failure to achieve FDA approval of product
labeling containing such information will prevent or substantiality limit our and our licensees’ advertising and promotion
of such abuse deterrent features in order to differentiate AVERSION Technology products from other immediate release opioid products
containing the same active ingredients, and would have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. The
FDA’s January 2013 draft guidance, while not binding on the FDA, outlines the FDA’s current views on the labeling of
abuse deterrent products. The FDA encourages sponsors to seek approval of proposed product labeling that sets forth the results
of physiochemical, physiologic, pharmacodynamic, pharmacokinetic, and/or formal post-marketing studies that appropriately characterizes
the abuse-deterrent properties of a product. To date, the FDA has limited data correlating the potentially abuse-deterrent properties
of certain opioid drug products with actual reduction in abuse or adverse events associated with abuse. When the data predict or
show a product’s potential abuse-deterrent properties can be expected to, or actually do, result in a significant reduction
in that product’s abuse potential, those data, together with an accurate characterization of what the data mean, should be
included in product labeling. We intend to utilize certain clinical and laboratory studies for our opioid products in development
to support a label describing the abuse-deterrent features of such products. However, the extent to which such information is included
in the FDA approved product label is the subject of our and our licensees’ discussions with, and agreement by, the FDA as
part of the NDA review process for each of our product candidates. The outcome of those discussions with the FDA will determine
whether we or our licensees will be able to market our products with labeling that sufficiently differentiates them from other
products that have comparable therapeutic profiles. While the FDA approved label for OXAYDO includes the results from a clinical
study which evaluated the effects of nasally snorting crushed Oxaydo and commercially available oxycodone tablets and limitations
on wetting or dissolving OXAYDO, it does not, however, include the results of our laboratory studies intended to evaluate OXAYDO’s
potential to limit extraction of oxycodone HCl from dissolved OXAYDO Tablets and resist conversion into an injectable, or IV solution.
The absence of the results of these extraction and syringe studies in the FDA approved label for OXAYDO may substantially limit
our licensee’s ability to differentiate OXAYDO from other immediate release oxycodone products, which would have a material
adverse effect on market acceptance of OXAYDO and on our business and results of operations. Notwithstanding the FDA approved labeling for
OXAYDO, there can be no assurance that our AVERSION Technology products in development will receive FDA approved labeling that
describes the abuse deterrent features of such products. If the FDA does not approve labeling containing such information, we or
our licensees will not be able to promote such products based on their abuse deterrent features, may not be able to differentiate
such products from other immediate release opioid products containing the same active ingredients, and may not be able to charge
a premium above the price of such other products which could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. 30 Because the FDA closely regulates promotional
materials and other promotional activities, even if the FDA initially approves product labeling that includes a description of
the abuse deterrent characteristics of our product, as in the case of OXAYDO, the FDA may object to our or our licensee’s
marketing claims and product advertising campaigns. This could lead to the issuance of warning letters or untitled letters, suspension
or withdrawal of OXAYDO from the market, recalls, fines, disgorgement of money, operating restrictions, injunctions or criminal
prosecution, which could harm the commercial success of our product and materially affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. Our product candidates are
unproven and may not be approved by the FDA. We are committing a majority of our resources
to the development of product candidates utilizing our AVERSION and IMPEDE Technologies. Notwithstanding the receipt of FDA approval
of OXAYDO and our marketing of our NEXAFED products, there can be no assurance that any other product candidate utilizing our AVERSION,
IMPEDE or LIMITX Technologies will meet FDA’s standards for commercial distribution. Further, there can be no assurance that
other product candidates that may be developed using AVERSION, IMPEDE or LIMITX Technologies will achieve the targeted end points
in the required clinical studies or perform as intended in other pre-clinical and clinical studies or lead to an NDA submission
or filing acceptance. Our failure to successfully develop and achieve final FDA approval of our product candidates in development
will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. If the FDA disagrees
with our determination that certain of our products meet the over-the-counter, or OTC, Monograph requirements, once those products
are commercialized, they may be removed from the market; the FDA or the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or FTC, may object to our
advertisement and promotion of the extraction characteristics and benefits of our NEXAFED products. Drugs that have been deemed safe and effective
by the FDA for use by the general public without a prescription are classified as OTC drug products. Certain OTC drug products
may be commercialized without premarket review by the FDA if the standards set forth in the applicable regulatory monograph are
met. An OTC monograph provides the marketing conditions for the applicable OTC drug product, including active ingredients, labeling,
and other general requirements, such as compliance with cGMP and establishment registration. Any product which fails to conform
to each of the general conditions and a monograph is subject to regulatory action. Further, although the FDA regulates OTC drug
product labeling, the FTC regulates the advertising and marketing of OTC drug products. We believe that our NEXAFED products are
classified for OTC sale under an FDA OTC monograph, which will allow us to commercialize them without submitting an NDA or ANDA
to the FDA. We have also determined that, provided we adhere to the FDA’s requirements for OTC monograph products, including
product labeling, we can advertise and promote the extraction characteristics and benefits of our NEXAFED products which are supported
by our research studies. No assurance can be given, however, that the FDA will agree that our NEXAFED products may be sold under
the FDA’s OTC monograph product regulations or that the FDA or FTC will not object to our advertisement and promotion of
our NEXAFED products’ extraction characteristics and benefits. If the FDA determines that our NEXAFED products do not conform
to the OTC monograph or if we fail to meet the general conditions, once commercialized, the products may be removed from the market
and we may face various actions including, but not limited to, restrictions on the marketing or distribution of such products,
warning letters, fines, product seizure, or injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. Any of these actions
may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and operations. Additionally, the FDA has recently announced that it
is considering material changes to how it regulates OTC drug products and held hearing in late March 2014 for public comment. Changes
to the existing OTC regulations could result in a requirement that Acura file an NDA or ANDA for our NEXAFED products or other
IMPEDE Technology products in order to commercialize such products. If the FDA requires that we submit a NDA or ANDA to
obtain marketing approval for our NEXAFED® products or other IMPEDE Technology products, this would result in substantial additional
costs, suspend the commercialization of our NEXAFED products and require FDA approval prior to sale, of which no assurance can
be provided. In such case, the label for our NEXAFED products or other IMPEDE Technology products would be subject to FDA review
and approval and there can be no assurance that we will be able to market NEXAFED or other IMPEDE Technology products with labeling
sufficient to differentiate it from products that have comparable therapeutic profiles. If we are unable to advertise and promote
the extraction characteristics of NEXAFED or other IMPEDE Technology products, we may be unable to compete with national brands
and pharmacy chain store brands. 31 Our AVERSION, IMPEDE, and LIMITX
Technology products may not be successful in limiting or impeding abuse or misuse upon commercialization. We are committing a majority of our resources
to the development of products utilizing our AVERSION and IMPEDE Technologies, as well as LIMITX. Notwithstanding the receipt of
FDA approval of OXAYDO and the results of our numerous clinical and laboratory studies for OXAYDO, our NEXAFED products, and our
AVERSION, IMPEDE, and LIMITX Technology products in development, there can be no assurance that OXAYDO, our NEXAFED products or
any other product utilizing our AVERSION, IMPEDE, or LIMITX Technologies will perform as tested and limit or impede the actual
abuse or misuse of such products in commercial settings. Moreover, there can be no assurance that the post-approval epidemiological
study required by the FDA as a condition of approval of OXAYDO will show a reduction in the consequences of abuse and misuse by
patients for whom OXAYDO is prescribed. The failure of OXAYDO, our NEXAFED products or other products utilizing our AVERSION, IMPEDE,
and LIMITX Technologies to limit or impede actual abuse or misuse in practice will have a material adverse impact on market acceptance
for such products and on our financial condition and results of operations. Relying on third-party CROs may
result in delays in our pre-clinical, clinical or laboratory testing. If pre-clinical, clinical or laboratory testing for our product
candidates are unsuccessful or delayed, we will be unable to meet our anticipated development and commercialization timelines. To obtain FDA approval to commercially sell
and distribute in the United States any of our prescription product candidates, we or our licensees must submit to the FDA a NDA
demonstrating, among other things, that the product candidate is safe and effective for its intended use. As we do not possess
the resources or employ all the personnel necessary to conduct such testing, we rely on CROs for the majority of this testing with
our product candidates. As a result, we have less control over our development program than if we performed the testing entirely
on our own. Third parties may not perform their responsibilities on our anticipated schedule. Delays in our development programs
could significantly increase our product development costs and delay product commercialization. The commencement of clinical trials with our
product candidates may be delayed for several reasons, including, but not limited to, delays in demonstrating sufficient pre-clinical
safety required to obtain regulatory approval to commence a clinical trial, reaching agreements on acceptable terms with prospective
CROs, clinical trial sites and licensees, manufacturing and quality assurance release of a sufficient supply of a product candidate
for use in our clinical trials and/or obtaining institutional review board approval to conduct a clinical trial at a prospective
clinical site. Once a clinical trial has begun, it may be delayed, suspended or terminated by us or regulatory authorities due
to several factors, including ongoing discussions with regulatory authorities regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials,
a determination by us or regulatory authorities that continuing a trial presents an unreasonable health risk to participants, failure
to conduct clinical trials in accordance with regulatory requirements, lower than anticipated recruitment or retention rate of
patients in clinical trials, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial sites by regulatory authorities, the imposition
of a clinical hold by FDA, lack of adequate funding to continue clinical trials, and/or negative or unanticipated results of clinical
trials. Clinical trials required by the FDA for commercial
approval may not demonstrate safety or efficacy of our product candidates. Success in pre-clinical testing and early clinical trials
does not assure that later clinical trials will be successful. Results of later clinical trials may not replicate the results of
prior clinical trials and pre-clinical testing. Even if the results of our pivotal phase III clinical trials are positive, we and
our licensees may have to commit substantial time and additional resources to conduct further pre-clinical and clinical studies
before we or our licensees can submit NDAs or obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. Clinical trials are expensive and at times,
difficult to design and implement, in part because they are subject to rigorous regulatory requirements. Further, if participating
subjects or patients in clinical studies suffer drug-related adverse reactions during the course of such trials, or if we, our
licensees or the FDA believes that participating patients are being exposed to unacceptable health risks, we or our licensees may
suspend the clinical trials. Failure can occur at any stage of the trials, and we or our licensees could encounter problems causing
the abandonment of clinical trials or the need to conduct additional clinical studies, relating to a product candidate. 32 Even if our clinical trials and laboratory
testing are completed as planned, their results may not support commercially viable product label claims. The clinical trial process
may fail to demonstrate that our product candidates are safe and effective for their intended use. Such failure may cause us or
our licensees to abandon a product candidate and may delay the development of other product candidates. We have no commercial manufacturing
capacity and rely on third-party contract manufacturers to produce commercial quantities of our products. We do not have the facilities, equipment or
personnel to manufacture commercial quantities of our products and therefore must rely on our licensees or other qualified third-party
contract manufactures with appropriate facilities and equipment to contract manufacture commercial quantities of products utilizing
our AVERSION and IMPEDE Technologies. These licensees and third-party contract manufacturers are also subject to cGMP regulations,
which impose extensive procedural and documentation requirements. Any performance failure on the part of our licensees or contract
manufacturers could delay commercialization of any approved products, depriving us of potential product revenue. Our drug products, including our NEXAFED products,
require precise, high quality manufacturing. Failure by our contract manufacturers to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards
could result in patient injury or death, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or failures in testing or delivery, cost overruns,
or other problems that could materially adversely affect our business. Contract manufacturers may encounter difficulties involving
production yields, quality control, and quality assurance. These manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection
by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other applicable government regulations;
however, beyond contractual remedies that may be available to us, we do not have control over third-party manufacturers’
compliance with these regulations and standards. If for some reason our contract manufacturers
cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace them. Although we believe there are a number of potential replacements,
we will incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacements. In addition, a new manufacturer would
have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, production of our products or drug candidates. We or our licensees may not obtain
required FDA approval; the FDA approval process is time-consuming and expensive. The development, testing, manufacturing, marketing
and sale of pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation in the United States and other
countries. Satisfaction of all regulatory requirements typically takes years, is dependent upon the type, complexity and novelty
of the product candidate, and requires the expenditure of substantial resources for research, development and testing. Substantially
all of our operations are subject to compliance with FDA regulations. Failure to adhere to applicable FDA regulations by us or
our licensees would have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. In addition, in the event we are
successful in developing product candidates for distribution and sale in other countries, we would become subject to regulation
in such countries. Such foreign regulations and product approval requirements are expected to be time consuming and expensive. We or our licensees may encounter delays or
rejections during any stage of the regulatory review and approval process based upon the failure of clinical or laboratory data
to demonstrate compliance with, or upon the failure of the product candidates to meet, the FDA’s requirements for safety,
efficacy and quality; and those requirements may become more stringent due to changes in regulatory agency policy or the adoption
of new regulations. After submission of a NDA, the FDA may refuse to file the application, deny approval of the application, require
additional testing or data and/or require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of a product.
For instance, the FDA’s approval of OXAYDO is conditioned on us or Egalet conducting a post-approval epidemiological study
to assess the actual abuse levels and consequences of OXAYDO in the market. The Prescription Drug User Fee Act, or PDUFA, sets
time standards for the FDA’s review of NDA’s. The FDA's timelines described in the PDUFA guidance are flexible and
subject to change based on workload and other potential review issues and may delay the FDA’s review of an NDA. Further,
the terms of approval of any NDA, including the product labeling, may be more restrictive than we or our licensees desire and could
affect the marketability of our products. 33 Even if we comply with all the FDA regulatory
requirements, we or our licensees may not obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates in development. For example,
we previously submitted a NDA to the FDA for an AVERSION Technology product containing niacin, intended to provide impediments
to over-ingesting the product. Such niacin containing product was not approved by the FDA. If we or our licensees fail to obtain
regulatory approval for any of our product candidates in development, we will have fewer commercialized products and correspondingly
lower revenues. Even if regulatory approval of our products in development is received, such approval may involve limitations on
the indicated uses or promotional claims we or our licensees may make for our products, or otherwise not permit labeling that sufficiently
differentiates our product candidates from competitive products with comparable therapeutic profiles but without abuse deterrent
features (see risk factor above entitled “Our and our licensees ability to market and promote OXAYDO and other AVERSION Technology
products by describing the abuse deterrent features of such products will be determined by the FDA approved label for such products”).
Such events would have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. We may market certain of our products
without the prior application to and approval by the FDA. The FDA may subsequently require us to withdraw such products and submit
NDA’s for approval prior to re-marketing. The FDA also has the authority to revoke or
suspend approvals of previously approved products for cause, to debar companies and individuals from participating in the drug-approval
process, to request recalls of allegedly violative products, to seize allegedly violative products, to obtain injunctions to close
manufacturing plants allegedly not operating in conformity with current cGMP and to stop shipments of allegedly violative products.
In the event the FDA takes any such action relating to our products, such actions would have a material adverse effect on our operations
and financial condition. We must maintain FDA approval
to manufacture clinical supplies of our product candidates at our facility; failure to maintain compliance with FDA requirements
may prevent or delay the manufacture of our product candidates and costs of manufacture may be higher than expected. We have installed the equipment necessary to
manufacture clinical trial supplies of our AVERSION and IMPEDE Technology product candidates in tablet formulations at our Culver,
Indiana facility. To be used in clinical trials, all of our product candidates must be manufactured in conformity with cGMP regulations.
All such product candidates must be manufactured, packaged, and labeled and stored in accordance with cGMPs. Modifications, enhancements
or changes in manufacturing sites of marketed products are, in many circumstances, subject to FDA approval, which may be subject
to a lengthy application process or which we may be unable to obtain. Our Culver, Indiana facility, and those of any third-party
manufacturers that we or our licensees may use, are periodically subject to inspection by the FDA and other governmental agencies,
and operations at these facilities could be interrupted or halted if the FDA deems such inspections are unsatisfactory. Failure
to comply with FDA or other governmental regulations can result in fines, unanticipated compliance expenditures, recall or seizure
of products, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, suspension of FDA review of our product candidates, termination
of ongoing research, disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities, enforcement actions, injunctions and criminal
prosecution. We develop our products, and
manufacture clinical supplies, at a single location. Any disruption at this facility could adversely affect our business and results
of operations. We rely on our Culver, Indiana facility for
developing our product candidates and the manufacture of clinical supplies of our product candidates. If the Culver, Indiana facility
were damaged or destroyed, or otherwise subject to disruption, it would require substantial lead-time to repair or replace. If
our Culver facility were affected by a disaster, we would be forced to rely entirely on CROs and third-party contract manufacturers
for an indefinite period of time. Although we believe we possess adequate insurance for damage to our property and for the disruption
of our business from casualties, such insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue
to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. Moreover, any disruptions or delays at our Culver, Indiana facility could
impair our ability to develop our product candidates utilizing the AVERSION, IMPEDE, or LIMITX Technologies, which could adversely
affect our business and results of operations. 34 Our operations are subject
to environmental, health and safety, and other laws and regulations, with which compliance is costly and which exposes us to penalties
for non-compliance. Our business, properties and product candidates
are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, natural resources and
worker health and safety and the use, management, storage and disposal of hazardous substances, waste and other regulated materials.
Because we own and operate real property, various environmental laws also may impose liability on us for the costs of cleaning
up and responding to hazardous substances that may have been released on our property, including releases unknown to us. These
environmental laws and regulations also could require us to pay for environmental remediation and response costs at third-party
locations where we dispose of or recycle hazardous substances. The costs of complying with these various environmental requirements,
as they now exist or may be altered in the future, could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to successfully establish
new license agreements with pharmaceutical companies for the development and commercialization of our other products in development
may adversely impair our ability to develop, market and sell such products. The Egalet Agreement grants Egalet an exclusive
worldwide license to develop and commercialize OXAYDO. We believe that opportunities exist to enter into license agreements similar
to the Egalet Agreement with other pharmaceutical company partners for the development and commercialization of our AVERSION product
candidates in development in the United States and worldwide, and for the development and commercialization of additional AVERSION
Technology and IMPEDE Technology product candidates for other abused and misused drugs, such as tranquilizers, stimulants, sedatives
and nasal decongestants in the United States and worldwide. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in entering
into such license agreements in the future. If we are unable to enter into such agreements, our ability to develop and commercialize
our product candidates, and our financial condition and results of operations, would be materially adversely affected. If our licensees do not satisfy their obligations,
we will be unable to develop our licensed product candidates. As part of our Egalet Agreement or any license
agreement we may enter into relating to any of our AVERSION or IMPEDE Technology products in development, we will not have day-to-day
control over the activities of our licensees with respect to any product candidate. If a licensee fails to fulfill its obligations
under an agreement with us, we may be unable to assume the development and/or commercialization of the product covered by that
agreement or to enter into alternative arrangements with another third party. In addition, we may encounter delays in the commercialization
of the products that are the subject of a license agreement. Accordingly, our ability to receive any revenue from the products
covered by such agreements will be dependent on the efforts of our licensee. We could be involved in disputes with a licensee,
which could lead to delays in or termination of, our development and/or commercialization programs and result in time consuming
and expensive litigation or arbitration. In addition, any such dispute could diminish our licensee’s commitment to us and
reduce the resources they devote to developing and/or commercializing our products. If any licensee terminates or breaches its
agreement, or otherwise fails to complete its obligations in a timely manner, our chances of successfully developing and/or commercializing
our product candidates would be materially adversely effected. Additionally, due to the nature of the market for OXAYDO and our
AVERSION product candidates, it may be necessary for us to license a significant portion of our product candidates to a single
company, thereby eliminating our opportunity to commercialize other product candidates with other licensees. 35 If we fail to maintain
our license agreement with Eaglet, we may have to commercialize OXAYDO on our own. Our plan for manufacturing and commercializing
OXAYDO currently requires us to maintain our license agreement with Egalet. In addition to other customary termination provisions,
the Egalet Agreement provides that Egalet may terminate the Egalet Agreement upon certain conditions prior to the launch OXAYDO,
or following launch, upon certain notice periods. If Egalet elects to terminate the Egalet Agreement, or if we are otherwise unable
to maintain our existing relationship with Egalet, we would have to commercialize OXAYDO ourselves for which we currently have
no infrastructure, or alternatively enter into a new agreement with another pharmaceutical company, of which no assurance can be
given. Our ability to commercialize OXAYDO on our own may require additional financing, which may not be available on acceptable
terms, or at all. The market may not be receptive to products incorporating
our AVERSION or IMPEDE Technologies . The commercial success of our products will
depend on acceptance by health care providers and others that such products are clinically useful, cost-effective and safe. There
can be no assurance given that our products utilizing the AVERSION or IMPEDE Technologies would be accepted by health care providers
and others. Factors that may materially affect market acceptance of our product candidates include but are not limited to: · the relative advantages and disadvantages of our products compared to competitive products; · the relative timing to commercial launch of our products compared to competitive products; · the relative safety and efficacy of our products compared to competitive products; · the product labeling approved by the FDA for our products; · the perception of health care providers of their role in helping to prevent abuse and their willingness
to prescribe abuse-deterrent products to do so; · the willingness of third-party payers to reimburse for our prescription products; · the willingness of pharmacy chains to stock our NEXAFED products; · the willingness of pharmacists to recommend our NEXAFED products to their customers; and · the willingness of consumers to pay for our products. OXAYDO and our product candidates,
if successfully developed and commercially launched, will compete with both currently marketed and new products launched in the
future by other companies. Health care providers may not accept or utilize any of our products. Physicians and other prescribers
may not be inclined to prescribe our prescription products unless our products demonstrate commercially viable advantages over
other products currently marketed for the same indications. Pharmacy chains may not be willing to stock our NEXAFED products and
pharmacists may not recommend such products to consumers. Further, consumers may not be willing to purchase our products. If our
products do not achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to generate significant revenues or become profitable. If we, our licensees or others
identify serious adverse events or deaths relating to any of our products once on the market, we may be required to withdraw our
products from the market, which would hinder or preclude our ability to generate revenues. We or our licensees are required to report
to relevant regulatory authorities all serious adverse events or deaths involving our product candidates or approved products.
If we, our licensees, or others identify such events, regulatory authorities may withdraw their approvals of such products; we
or our licensees may be required to reformulate our products; we or our licensees may have to recall the affected products from
the market and may not be able to reintroduce them onto the market; our reputation in the marketplace may suffer; and we may become
the target of lawsuits, including class actions suits. Any of these events could harm or prevent sales of the affected products
and could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 36 Our revenues may be adversely
affected if we fail to obtain insurance coverage or adequate reimbursement for our products from third-party payers. The ability of our licensees to successfully
commercialize our products may depend in part on the availability of reimbursement for our prescription products from government
health administration authorities, private health insurers, and other third-party payers and administrators, including Medicaid
and Medicare. We cannot predict the availability of reimbursement for newly-approved products utilizing our AVERSION Technology.
Third-party payers and administrators, including state Medicaid programs and Medicare, are challenging the prices charged for pharmaceutical
products. Government and other third-party payers increasingly are limiting both coverage and the level of reimbursement for new
drugs. Third-party insurance coverage may not be available to patients for any of our products candidates. The continuing efforts
of government and third-party payers to contain or reduce the costs of health care may limit our commercial opportunity. If government
and other third-party payers do not provide adequate coverage and reimbursement for any product utilizing our AVERSION Technology,
health care providers may not prescribe them or patients may ask their health care providers to prescribe competing products with
more favorable reimbursement. In some foreign markets, pricing and profitability of pharmaceutical products are subject to government
control. In the United States, we expect there may be federal and state proposals for similar controls. In addition, we expect
that increasing emphasis on managed care in the United States will continue to put pressure on the pricing of pharmaceutical products.
Cost control initiatives could decrease the price that we or our licensees charge for any of our products in the future. Further,
cost control initiatives could impair our ability or the ability of our licensees to commercialize our products and our ability
to earn revenues from commercialization. In both the United States and certain foreign
jurisdictions, there have been and we expect there will continue to be a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health
care system that could impact our or our licensees’ ability to sell our products profitably. In particular, in 2010, the
Patient Protection Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively, the Healthcare
Reform Law, was enacted. The Healthcare Reform Law substantially changes the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and
private insurers and significantly affects the pharmaceutical industry. Among the provisions of the Healthcare Reform Law of greatest
importance to the pharmaceutical industry are the following: · An annual, nondeductible fee on any entity that manufactures or imports certain branded prescription
drugs and biologic agents; · An increase in the minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program; · A new Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program, under which manufacturers must agree to offer
50 percent point-of-sale discounts off negotiated prices of applicable brand drugs to eligible beneficiaries during their coverage
gap period, as a condition for the manufacturer’s outpatient drugs to be covered under Medicare Part D; · Extension of manufacturer’s Medicaid rebate liability to covered drugs dispensed to individuals
who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations; · A new Patient-Centered Outcomes Research Institute to oversee, identify priorities in, and conduct
comparative clinical effectiveness research; · A revision to the definition of “average manufacturer price” for reporting purposes;
and · Encouragement for the development of comparative effectiveness research, which may reduce the extent
of reimbursement for our products if such research results in any adverse findings. At this time, it remains uncertain what
the full impact of these provisions will be on the pharmaceutical industry generally or our business in particular. The full effects
of these provisions will become apparent as these laws are implemented and the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services and
other agencies issue applicable regulations or guidance as required by the Healthcare Reform Law. Moreover, in the coming years,
additional changes could be made to governmental healthcare programs that could significantly impact the success of our products. If we are unable to establish
sales and marketing capabilities for our products that are not licensed to third parties, our revenues and our business will suffer. We do not currently have an extensive organization
for the sales, marketing and distribution of pharmaceutical products and the cost of establishing and maintaining such an organization
may exceed the cost-effectiveness of doing so. If we do not license the commercialization of a product, we may have to build our
sales, marketing, managerial and other non-technical capabilities or make arrangements with third parties to perform these services.
If we are unable to establish or fund adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third
parties, it will impair our ability to sell products and have a material adverse effect on our operations. 37 Consolidation in the healthcare
industry could lead to demands for price concessions or for the exclusion of some suppliers from certain of our markets, which
could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Because healthcare costs have risen significantly,
numerous initiatives and reforms by legislatures, regulators and third-party payers to curb these cost increases have resulted
in a trend in the healthcare industry to consolidate product suppliers and purchasers. As the healthcare industry consolidates,
competition among suppliers to provide products to purchasers has become more intense. This in turn has resulted, and will likely
continue to result, in greater pricing pressures and the exclusion of certain suppliers from important market segments as group
purchasing organizations, and large single accounts continue to use their market power to influence product pricing and purchasing
decisions. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party reimbursement policies and societal pressures will
continue to influence the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations, which may exert further
downward pressure on the prices of our anticipated products. This downward pricing pressure may adversely impact our business,
financial condition or results of operations. Under the Egalet Agreement, Egalet controls the price of OXAYDO, and we expect that
our licensees, if any, of our products in development, will control the price of such products and may provide price discounts
and price reductions in its discretion. Such price discounts and reductions will reduce the net sales of our licensed products
and, correspondingly, our royalty payments under such license agreements. Our success depends on
our ability to protect our intellectual property. Our success depends on our ability to obtain
and maintain patent protection for products developed utilizing our technologies, in the United States and in other countries,
and to enforce these patents. The patent positions of pharmaceutical firms, including us, are generally uncertain and involve complex
legal and factual questions. Notwithstanding our receipt of U.S. patents covering our AVERSION Technology and IMPEDE Technology,
there is no assurance that any of our patent claims in our other pending non-provisional and provisional patent applications relating
to our technologies will issue or if issued, that any of our existing and future patent claims will be held valid and enforceable
against third-party infringement or that our products will not infringe any third-party patent or intellectual property. Moreover,
any patent claims relating to our technologies may not be sufficiently broad to protect our products. In addition, issued patent
claims may be challenged, potentially invalidated or potentially circumvented. Our patent claims may not afford us protection against
competitors with similar technology or permit the commercialization of our products without infringing third-party patents or other
intellectual property rights. Our success also depends on our not infringing
patents issued to others. We may become aware of patents belonging to competitors and others that could require us to obtain licenses
to such patents or alter our technologies. Obtaining such licenses or altering our technology could be time consuming and costly.
We may not be able to obtain a license to any technology owned by or licensed to a third party that we or our licensees require
to manufacture or market one or more of our products. Even if we can obtain a license, the financial and other terms may be disadvantageous. Our success also depends on maintaining
the confidentiality of our trade secrets and know-how. We seek to protect such information by entering into confidentiality agreements
with employees, potential licensees, raw material suppliers, contract research organizations, contract manufacturers, consultants
and other parties. These agreements may be breached by such parties. We may not be able to obtain an adequate, or perhaps any,
remedy to such a breach. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by our competitors.
Our inability to protect our intellectual property or to commercialize our products without infringing third-party patents or other
intellectual property rights would have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 38 We also rely on or intend to rely on our
or our licensees’ trademarks, trade names and brand names to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors,
and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. However, our trademark applications may not be approved. Third
parties may also oppose our or our licensees’ trademark applications or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In
the event that our or our licensees’ trademarks are successfully challenged, we or our licensees could be forced to rebrand
our product, which could result in loss of brand recognition and could require us or our licensees to devote resources to advertising
and marketing these new brands. Further, our competitors may infringe our trademarks, or we may not have adequate resources to
enforce our trademarks. We may become involved
in patent litigation or other intellectual property proceedings relating to our AVERSION or IMPEDE Technologies or product candidates,
which could result in liability for damages or delay or stop our development and commercialization efforts. The pharmaceutical industry has been characterized
by significant litigation and other proceedings regarding patents, patent applications and other intellectual property rights.
The situations in which we may become parties to such litigation or proceedings may include: · litigation or other proceedings we or our licensee(s) may initiate against third parties to enforce
our patent rights or other intellectual property rights, including the Paragraph IV Proceedings described below; · litigation or other proceedings we or our licensee(s) may initiate against third parties seeking
to invalidate the patents held by such third parties or to obtain a judgment that our products do not infringe such third parties’
patents; · litigation or other proceedings third parties may initiate against us or our licensee(s) to seek
to invalidate our patents or to obtain a judgment that third-party products do not infringe our patents; · if our competitors file patent applications that claim technology also claimed by us, we may be
forced to participate in interference or opposition proceedings to determine the priority of invention and whether we are entitled
to patent rights on such invention; and · if third parties initiate litigation claiming that our products infringe their patent or other
intellectual property rights, we will need to defend against such proceedings. The costs of resolving any patent litigation,
including the Paragraph IV Proceedings, or other intellectual property proceeding, even if resolved in our favor, could be substantial.
Many of our potential competitors will be able to sustain the cost of such litigation and proceedings more effectively than we
can because of their substantially greater resources. Uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of patent litigation
or other intellectual property proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete in the marketplace. Patent
litigation, including the Paragraph IV Proceedings, and other intellectual property proceedings may also consume significant management
time. In the event that a competitor infringes
upon our patent or other intellectual property rights, enforcing those rights may be costly, difficult and time consuming. Even
if successful, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenge could be expensive
and time-consuming and could divert our management’s attention. We may not have sufficient resources to enforce our intellectual
property rights or to defend our patent or other intellectual property rights against a challenge. If we are unsuccessful in enforcing
and protecting our intellectual property rights and protecting our products, it could harm our business. In certain circumstances,
we expect that our licensees will have first right to control the enforcement of certain of our patents against third-party infringers.
Our licensees may not put adequate resources or effort into such enforcement actions or otherwise fail to restrain infringing products.
In addition, in an infringement proceeding, including the Paragraph IV Proceedings, a court may decide that a patent of ours is
invalid or is unenforceable, or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents
do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation, including the Paragraph IV Proceedings, or defense
proceedings could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our patent
applications at risk of not issuing. 39 Our technologies or products may be found
to infringe claims of patents owned by others. If we determine that we are, or if we are found to be infringing a patent held by
another party, we, our suppliers or our licensees might have to seek a license to make, use, and sell the patented technologies
and products. In that case, we, our suppliers or our licensees might not be able to obtain such license on acceptable terms, or
at all. The failure to obtain a license to any third-party technology that may be required would materially harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. If a legal action is brought against us or our licensee(s), we could incur substantial
defense costs, and any such action might not be resolved in our favor. If such a dispute is resolved against us, we may have to
pay the other party large sums of money and use of our technology and the testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale of one or more
of our products could be restricted or prohibited. Even prior to resolution of such a dispute, use of our technology and the testing,
manufacturing, marketing or sale of one or more of our products could be restricted or prohibited. We are aware of certain United States and
international pending patent applications owned by third parties with claims potentially encompassing OXAYDO and our AVERSION products
in development. While we do not expect the claims contained in such pending patent applications will issue in their present form,
there can be no assurance that such patent applications will not issue as patents with claims encompassing one or more of our product
candidates. If such patent applications result in valid and enforceable issued patents, containing claims in their current form
or otherwise encompassing our products we or our licensees may be required to obtain a license to such patents, should one be available,
or alternatively, alter our products so as to avoid infringing such third-party patents. If we or our licensees are unable to obtain
a license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, we or our licensees could be restricted or prevented from commercializing
our products. Additionally, any alterations to our products or our technologies could be time consuming and costly and may not
result in technologies or products that are non-infringing or commercially viable. We are aware of an issued United States
patent owned by a third party having claims encompassing the use of one of our AVERSION inactive ingredients in a controlled release
pharmaceutical preparation. We are also aware of an issued United States patent owned by a third party having claims encompassing
a pharmaceutical preparation containing viscosity producing ingredients that can be drawn into a syringe when dissolved in 10mL’s
or less of aqueous solution. While we believe that our AVERSION products do not infringe these patents, or that such patents are
otherwise invalid, there can be no assurance that we or our licensees will not be sued for infringing these patents, and if sued,
there can be no assurance that we or our licensees will prevail in any such litigation. If we or our licensees are found to infringe
either or both of these patents, we or our licensees may seek a license to use the patented technology. If we are unable to obtain
such a license, of which no assurance can be given, we or our licensees may be restricted or prevented from commercializing our
AVERSION products. We are aware of certain issued United States
patents owned by a third party having claims encompassing a process used to manufacture oxycodone HCl of high purity and pharmaceutical
products resulting therefrom. As required by the FDA, OXAYDO contains a similar high purity oxycodone HCl manufactured by a supplier
that is not the owner or licensee of such patents. The owner of these patents has filed patent infringement actions relating to
these patents against companies that have filed abbreviated new drug applications with the FDA for extended-release versions of
oxycodone HCl. To our knowledge, the patent owner has not initiated any patent infringement actions against the sellers of immediate-release
oxycodone HCl products or their suppliers of oxycodone HCl, however, we cannot be certain that these immediate-release products
actually utilize a high purity oxycodone. We cannot provide assurance that our licensee or its oxycodone HCl supplier will not
be sued for infringing these patents. In the event of an infringement action, our licensee and their oxycodone HCl supplier would
have to either: (a) demonstrate that the manufacture of the oxycodone HCl used in OXAYDO does not infringe the patent claims, (b)
demonstrate the patents are invalid or unenforceable, or (c) enter into a license with the patent owner. If our licensee or their
oxycodone HCl supplier is unable to demonstrate the foregoing, or obtain a license to these patients, our licensee may be required
or choose to withdraw OXAYDO from the market. We are aware of a certain issued United
States patent owned by a third party having claims similar to our second generation IMPEDE Technology directed to ingredient amounts
that are generally more than the amounts used in our technology. While we believe our technology does not infringe this patent,
we cannot provide assurance that we will not be sued under such patent or if sued, that we will prevail in any such suit. We cannot assure you that our technologies,
products and/or actions in developing our products will not infringe third-party patents. Our failure to avoid infringing third-party
patents and intellectual property rights in the development and commercialization of our products would have a material adverse
effect on our operations and financial condition. 40 Generic manufacturers
are using litigation and regulatory means to seek approval for generic versions of OXAYDO, which could cause Egalet’s sales
to suffer. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, the FDA can
approve an ANDA for a generic version of a branded drug and what is referred to as a Section 505(b)(2) NDA, for a branded variation
of an existing branded drug, without requiring such applicant to undertake the full clinical testing necessary to obtain approval
to market a new drug. An ANDA applicant usually needs to only submit data demonstrating that its product has the same active ingredient(s)
and is bioequivalent to the branded product, in addition to any data necessary to establish that any difference in strength, dosage
form, inactive ingredients, or delivery mechanism does not result in different safety or efficacy profiles, as compared to the
reference drug. The Hatch-Waxman Act requires an applicant
for a drug that references one of our branded drugs to notify us of their application if they assert in their application that
the patents we have listed in the Orange Book will not be infringed or otherwise are invalid or unenforceable (a Paragraph IV Certification).
Upon receipt of this notice, we or our licensee will have 45 days to bring a patent infringement suit in federal district court
against such applicant. If such a suit is commenced, the FDA is generally prohibited from granting approval of the ANDA or Section
505(b)(2) NDA until the earliest of 30 months from the date the FDA accepted the application for filing, the conclusion of litigation
in the generic’s favor or expiration of the patent(s). If the litigation is resolved in favor of the applicant or the challenged
patent expires during the 30-month stay period, the stay is lifted and the FDA may thereafter approve the application based on
the standards for approval of ANDAs and Section 505(b)(2) NDAs. Frequently, the unpredictable nature and significant costs of patent
litigation leads the parties to settle to remove this uncertainty. Settlement agreements between branded companies and generic
applicants may allow, among other things, a generic product to enter the market prior to the expiration of any or all of the applicable
patents covering the branded product, either through the introduction of an authorized generic or by providing a license to the
applicant for the patents subject to the litigation. On September 20, 2012, we announced that
we had received a Paragraph IV Certification Notice under 21 U.S.C. 355(j) (a Paragraph IV Notice) from a generic sponsor of an
ANDA for a generic drug listing OXAYDO (formerly known as OXECTA) as the reference listed drug. Since such date, we have received
similar Paragraph IV Notices from three other generic pharmaceutical companies that have filed ANDAs listing OXAYDO as the reference
drug. The Paragraph IV Notices refer to our U.S. Patent Numbers 7,201,920, 7,510,726 and 7,981,439, which cover our AVERSION Technology
and OXAYDO. The Paragraph IV Notices state that each generic sponsor believes that such patents are invalid, unenforceable or not
infringed. On October 31, 2012, we initiated suit against each of Watson Laboratories, Inc. – Florida (Watson), Par Pharmaceutical,
Inc., Impax Laboratories, Inc. and Sandoz Inc., and on April 29, 2013, we initiated suit against Ranbaxy, Inc., each in the United
States District Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of our U.S. Patent No. 7,510,726 listed in the FDA’s
Orange Book. The commencement of such litigation prohibits the FDA from granting approval of the filed ANDAs until the earliest
of 30 months from the date the FDA accepted the application for filing, or the conclusion of litigation. In January 2013, we dismissed
our suit against Watson on the grounds that Watson had amended its ANDA from a Paragraph IV Certification to a Paragraph III Certification,
which indicated its intent not to market its generic OXAYDO product in advance of our patent expiring. On October 9, 2013, we announced that we
had entered into distinct Settlement Agreements with each of Par and Impax, to settle our patent infringement action pending against
them in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. In the suit, we alleged that a generic OXAYDO product for
which each of Par and Impax is separately seeking approval to market in the United States pursuant to an ANDA filing with the FDA
infringes a U.S. patent owned by us. Par is the first filer of an ANDA for a generic OXAYDO product and is entitled to the 180-day
first filer exclusivity under applicable law and FDA regulations. Under the terms of the Settlement Agreement
with Par, Par may launch its generic OXAYDO product in the U.S., through the grant of a non-exclusive, royalty-bearing license
from us that would trigger on January 1, 2022. We currently have Orange Book patents that are due to expire between November 2023
and March 2025. In certain limited circumstances, our license to Par would become effective prior to January 1, 2022. Par is required
to pay us royalties in the range of 10% to 15% of Par’s net profits from the sale of its generic OXAYDO product. 41 Under the Settlement Agreement with Impax,
Impax may launch its generic OXAYDO product in the U.S., through the grant of a non-exclusive, royalty-free license from us that
would trigger 180 days following the first sale of a generic OXAYDO product in the U.S. by an entity that is entitled to the 180
day first-filer exclusivity under applicable law and FDA regulations (or if no entity is entitled to such 180 day exclusivity period,
the date on which a generic OXAYDO product is first sold in the U.S. or November 27, 2021, whichever date occurs first). In certain
circumstances, our license to Impax would become effective prior to such time. On May 8, 2014, we announced that we had
entered into a Settlement Agreement with Ranbaxy Inc. to settle our patent infringement action pending in the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware. In the suit, we alleged that a generic of our OXAYDO product for which Ranbaxy is seeking approval
to market in the United States pursuant to an ANDA filed with the FDA infringes U.S. patents owned by us. The Settlement Agreement
provides that Ranbaxy’s current generic of our OXAYDO product that is the subject of its ANDA filing does not infringe our
Orange Book listed patents with the FDA. We have not provided Ranbaxy a license to our patents and we may re-commence patent infringement
litigation against Ranbaxy if Ranbaxy changes the formulation of its current generic OXAYDO product. On May 21, 2014, we announced that we had
entered into a Settlement Agreement with Sandoz Inc. to settle our patent infringement action pending against Sandoz in the United
States District Court for the District of Delaware. In the suit, we alleged that a generic of our OXAYDO product for which Sandoz
is seeking approval to market in the United States pursuant to an ANDA filed with the FDA infringes a U.S. patent owned by us.
Under the Settlement Agreement, Sandoz may launch its generic to the OXAYDO product in the U.S., through the grant of a non-exclusive
license from us that would trigger 180 days following the first sale of a generic to the OXAYDO product in the U.S. by an entity
that is entitled to the 180 day first-filer exclusivity under applicable law and FDA regulations (or if no entity is entitled to
such 180 day exclusivity period, the date on which a generic to the OXAYDO product is first sold in the U.S). In certain circumstances,
our license to Sandoz would become effective prior to such time. Sandoz is not obligated to pay us a royalty if its current formulation
of its generic to the OXAYDO product is approved by the FDA. In the event Sandoz changes or modifies the structure of its generic
OXAYDO product, or materially changes or modifies the amounts or type of any excipient used in the Sandoz formulation disclosed
in its ANDA filing with the FDA as of July 30, 2013, Sandoz is required to pay us a royalty based upon the Net Profits (as defined
in the Settlement Agreement) derived from the net sales of such changed or modified Sandoz generic OXAYDO product in the United
States. It is possible that other generic manufacturers
may also seek to launch a generic version of OXAYDO and challenge our patents. Any determination in any such infringement actions
that our patents covering our Aversion Technology and OXAYDO are invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, or that the products
covered by generic sponsors’ ANDAs do not infringe our patents could have a material adverse effect on our operations and
financial condition. We may be exposed to product
liability claims and may not be able to obtain or maintain adequate product liability insurance. Our business exposes us to potential product
liability risks, which are inherent in the testing, manufacturing, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products. Product liability
claims might be made by patients, health care providers or others that sell or consume our products. These claims may be made even
with respect to those products that possess regulatory approval for commercial sale. We are currently covered by clinical trial
product liability insurance on a claims-made basis and for product liability insurance covering our sale and distribution of our
NEXAFED products. This coverage may not be adequate to cover any product liability claims. Product liability coverage is expensive.
In the future, we may not be able to maintain such product liability insurance at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to
protect us against losses due to product liability claims. Any claims that are not covered by product liability insurance could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The pharmaceutical industry is characterized
by frequent litigation. Those companies with significant financial resources will be better able to bring and defend any such litigation.
No assurance can be given that we would not become involved in future litigation, in addition to the ongoing Reglan/Metoclopramide
mass tort litigation discussed in “Item 3. Legal Proceedings – Reglan/Metoclopramide Litigation” of this Report.
Such litigation may have material adverse consequences to our financial condition and results of operations. 42 We face significant competition,
which may result in others developing or commercializing products before or more successfully than we do. Our products and technologies compete to
varying degrees against both brand and generic products offering similar therapeutic benefits and being developed and marketed
by small and large pharmaceutical (for prescription products) and consumer packaged goods (for OTC products) companies. Many of
our competitors have substantially greater financial and other resources and are able to expend more funds and effort than us in
research, development and commercialization of their competitive technologies and products. Prescription generic products and OTC
store brand products will offer cost savings to third-party payers and/or consumers that will create pricing pressure on our products.
Also, these competitors may have a substantial sales volume advantage over our products, which may result in our costs of manufacturing
being higher than our competitors’ costs. If our products are unable to capture and maintain market share, we or our licensees
may not achieve significant product revenues and our financial condition and results of operations will be materially adversely
affected. We believe potential competitors may be
developing opioid abuse deterrent technologies and products. Such potential competitors include, but may not be limited to, Pain
Therapeutics, Pfizer Inc., Purdue Pharma, Atlantic Pharmaceuticals, Egalet Corporation, KemPharm, Shionogi, Nektar Therapeutics,
Signature Therapeutics, QRx Pharma, Tris Pharma, Pisgah Labs, and Collegium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. These companies appear to be
focusing their development efforts on ER Opioid Products, except for Atlantic Pharmaceuticals, while the majority of our AVERSION
Technology opioid analgesic product candidates under development are IR Opioid Products. Our IMPEDE Technology products containing
PSE, including our NEXAFED products, will compete in the highly competitive market for cold, sinus and allergy products generally
available to the consumer without a prescription. Some of our competitors will have multiple consumer product offerings both within
and outside the cold, allergy and sinus category providing them with substantial leverage in dealing with a highly consolidated
pharmacy distribution network. The competing products may have well established brand names and may be supported by national or
regional advertising. Our NEXAFED products compete directly with Johnson & Johnson’s Sudafed® brand as well as generic
formulations manufactured by Perrigo Company and others. In addition, Highland Pharmaceuticals is commercializing a PSE product
that is stated to resist PSE extraction in aqueous solutions. We are concentrating a substantial majority
of our efforts and resources on developing product candidates utilizing our AVERSION and IMPEDE Technologies. The commercial success
of products utilizing such technologies will depend, in large part, on the intensity of competition, FDA approved product labeling
for our products compared to competitive products, and the relative timing and sequence for commercial launch of new products by
other companies developing, marketing, selling and distributing products that compete with the products utilizing our AVERSION
and IMPEDE Technologies. Alternative technologies and non-opioid products are being developed to improve or replace the use of
opioid analgesics. In the event that such alternatives to opioid analgesics are widely adopted, then the market for products utilizing
our AVERSION and IMPEDE Technologies may be substantially decreased, thus reducing our ability to generate future revenues and
adversely affecting our ability to generate a profit. If we fail to comply with
the covenants and other obligations under our term loan, the lender may be able to accelerate amounts owed under the facility and
may foreclose upon the assets securing our obligations. In December 2013, we (including our wholly-owned
subsidiary Acura Pharmaceutical Technologies, Inc. (“APT”)) entered into a loan and security agreement with Oxford
Finance LLC (“Oxford”) pursuant to which we borrowed $10 million from Oxford. Our loan and security agreement with
Oxford was amended on January 7, 2015 in connection with our collaboration and license agreement with Egalet. Under the Oxford
loan agreement, as amended, we are subject to a variety of affirmative and negative covenants, including required financial reporting,
limitations on certain dispositions and licensing of assets, limitations on the incurrence of additional debt, the requirement
to maintain at least $2.5 million in cash reserves until the principal amount of the Oxford loan is reduced below $5.0 million,
and other requirements. To secure our performance of our obligations under this loan and security agreement, we granted Oxford
a security interest in substantially all of our assets, other than intellectual property assets, and pledged to Oxford the stock
of APT. Our failure to comply with the terms of the loan and security agreement, the occurrence of a material adverse change in
our business, operations or condition (financial or otherwise) or prospects, the material impairment in our prospect of repayment,
a material impairment in the perfection or priority of the Oxford’s lien on our assets or the value of Oxford’s collateral,
or the occurrence of certain other specified events could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result
in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our loan, coupled with prepayment penalties, an additional interest payment
of $795,000, potential foreclosure on our assets, and other adverse results. 43 Key personnel are critical
to our business and our success depends on our ability to retain them. We are dependent on our management and
scientific team, including Robert Jones, our President and Chief Executive Officer, Peter A. Clemens, our Chief Financial Officer,
and Albert W. Brzeczko, Ph.D., our Vice President of Technical Affairs. We may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable
terms given the competition for such personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and healthcare companies, universities and non-profit
research institutions. While we have employment agreements with our CEO and CFO, all of our employees are at-will employees who
may terminate their employment at any time. We do not have key personnel insurance on any of our officers or employees. The loss
of any of our key personnel, or the inability to attract and retain such personnel, may significantly delay or prevent the achievement
of our product and technology development and business objectives and could materially adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. Our products are subject
to regulation by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, or DEA, and such regulation may affect the development and sale of our
products . The DEA regulates certain finished drug
products and active pharmaceutical ingredients, including certain opioid active pharmaceutical ingredients and pseudoephedrine
HCl that are contained in our products. Consequently, their manufacture, research, shipment, storage, sale and use are subject
to a high degree of regulation. Furthermore, the amount of active ingredients we can obtain for our clinical trials is limited
by the DEA and our quota may not be sufficient to complete clinical trials. There is a risk that DEA regulations may interfere
with the supply of the products used in our clinical trials. In addition, we and our contract manufacturers
are subject to ongoing DEA regulatory obligations, including, among other things, annual registration renewal, security, recordkeeping,
theft and loss reporting, periodic inspection and annual quota allotments for the raw material for commercial production of our
products. The DEA, and some states, conduct periodic inspections of registered establishments that handle controlled substances.
Facilities that conduct research, manufacture, store, distribute, import or export controlled substances must be registered to
perform these activities and have the security, control and inventory mechanisms required by the DEA to prevent drug loss and diversion.
Failure to maintain compliance, particularly non-compliance resulting in loss or diversion, can result in regulatory action that
could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. The DEA may seek
civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances,
violations could lead to criminal proceedings. Individual states also have controlled
substances laws. Though state controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, because the states are separate jurisdictions,
they may separately schedule drugs, as well. While some states automatically schedule a drug when the DEA does so, in other states
there has to be a rulemaking or a legislative action. State scheduling may delay commercial sale of any controlled substance drug
product for which we obtain FDA approval and adverse scheduling could have a material adverse effect on the attractiveness of such
product. We or our licensees must also obtain separate state registrations in order to be able to obtain, handle, and distribute
controlled substances for clinical trials or commercial sale, and failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements could lead
to enforcement and sanctions from the states in addition to those from the DEA or otherwise arising under federal law. 44 We
are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including cybersecurity
and data storage risks. Significant disruptions to our information
technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our business. In the ordinary course of business,
we collect, store and transmit confidential information, and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner in order to maintain
the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. Our information technology systems are potentially vulnerable
to service interruptions and security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, partners, vendors, or
from attacks by malicious third parties. Maintaining the secrecy of this confidential, proprietary, and/or trade secret information
is important to our competitive business position. While we have taken steps to protect such information and invested in information
technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches in our systems or
the unauthorized or inadvertent wrongful access or disclosure of confidential information that could adversely affect our business
operations or result in the loss, dissemination, or misuse of critical or sensitive information. A breach of our security measures
or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unapproved dissemination or misappropriation or misuse of trade secrets, proprietary
information, or other confidential information, whether as a result of theft, hacking, or other forms of deception, or for any
other cause, could enable others to produce competing products, use our proprietary technology and/or adversely affect our business
position. Further, any such interruption, security breach, loss or disclosure of confidential information could result in financial,
legal, business, and reputational harm to us and could have a material effect on our business, financial position, results of operations
and/or cash flow. Prior ownership changes
limit our ability to use our tax net operating loss carryforwards. Significant equity restructuring often
results in an Internal Revenue Section 382 ownership change that limits the future use of Net Operating Loss, or NOL, carryforwards
and other tax attributes. We have determined that an ownership change (as defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code)
did occur as a result of restructuring that occurred in 2004. Neither the amount of our NOL carryforwards nor the amount of limitation
of such carryforwards claimed by us have been audited or otherwise validated by the Internal Revenue Service, which could challenge
the amount we have calculated. The recognition and measurement of our tax benefit includes estimates and judgment by our
management, which includes subjectivity. Changes in estimates may create volatility in our tax rate in future periods based
on new information about particular tax positions that may cause management to change its estimates. Risks Relating to our Common Stock Our quarterly results of operations will fluctuate,
and these fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline. Our quarterly and annual operating results
are likely to fluctuate in the future. These fluctuations could cause our stock price to decline. The nature of our business involves
variable factors, such as the timing of any license agreement, the timing of launch and market acceptance of our products, and
the timing of the research, development and regulatory submissions of our products in development that could cause our operating
results to fluctuate. The forecasting of the timing and amount of sales of our products is difficult due to market uncertainty
and the uncertainty inherent in seeking FDA and other necessary approvals for our product candidates. As a result, in some future
quarters or years, our clinical, financial or operating results may not meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors,
which could result in a decline in the price of our stock. Our stock price
has been and may continue to be volatile, and the value of an investment in our common stock may decline. During the year ended December 31, 2014,
our stock traded as high as $2.12 per share and as low as $0.41 per share. The trading price of our common stock is likely to continue
to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control.
These factors could include: · results from our clinical development programs, including the data from our ongoing Phase 3 clinical
trial evaluating our AVERSION® hydrocodone/acetaminophen product; · FDA actions related to our products in development; · FDA actions related to any of our potential products; 45 · announcements regarding the launch and sales of OXAYDO; · announcements regarding the progress of sales of OXAYDO; · announcements regarding the progress of our preclinical programs; · our success in the commercialization of our NEXAFED products; · announcements regarding the sales of our NEXAFED products; · failure of any of our products in development, if approved, to achieve commercial success; · quarterly variations in our results of operations or those of our competitors; · our ability to develop and mark new and enhanced products on a timely basis; · announcements by us or our competitors of acquisitions, regulatory approvals, clinical milestones,
new products, significant contracts, commercial relationships or capital commitments; · third-party coverage and reimbursement policies; · additions or departures of key personnel; · commencement of, or our involvement in, litigation; · the inability of our contract manufacturers to provide us with adequate commercial supplies of
our products; · changes in governmental regulations or in the status of our regulatory approvals; · changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts; · any major change in our board or management; · general economic conditions and slow or negative growth of our market; and · political instability, natural disasters, war and/or events of terrorism. From time to time, we estimate the timing
of the accomplishment of various scientific, clinical, regulatory and other product development goals or milestones. These milestones
may include the commencement or completion of scientific studies and clinical trials and the submission of regulatory filings.
Also, from time to time, we expect that we will publicly announce the anticipated timing of some of these milestones. All of these
milestones are based on a variety of assumptions. The actual timing of these milestones can vary dramatically compared to our estimates,
in some cases for reasons beyond our control. If we do not meet these milestones as publicly announced, our stock price may decline
and the commercialization of our products and potential products may be delayed. In addition, the stock market has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of publicly
traded companies. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of companies’ stock, including
ours, regardless of actual operating performance. These fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the trading market for our
stock. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a particular company’s
securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against these companies. This litigation, if instituted
against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. We do not have a history
of paying dividends on our common stock. Historically, we have not declared and
paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We intend to retain all of our earnings for the foreseeable future to finance the
operation and expansion of our business. As a result, you may only receive a return on your investment in our common stock if the
market price of our common stock increases. Any future sale
of a substantial number of shares included in our current registration statement could depress the trading price of our stock,
lower our value and make it more difficult for us to raise capital. In order to raise additional capital, we
may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common
stock at prices that may not be the same as the then current trading price of our common stock. The price per share at which we
sell additional shares of our common stock, or securities convertible or exchangeable into common stock, in future transactions
may be higher or lower than the then current trading price of our common stock. 46 In accordance with the terms of the Securities
Purchase Agreement dated August 20, 2007 between us and the investors named therein, we filed a registration statement with and
declared effective by the SEC, to register the shares included in our Units issued pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement,
including shares underlying warrants included in the Units. In addition, pursuant to the exercise of previously granted piggyback
registration rights, each of Galen Partners III, L.P., Galen Partners International III, L.P., Galen Employee Fund III, L.P., Care
Capital Investments II, LP, Care Capital Offshore Investments II, LP and Essex Woodlands Health Ventures V, L.P. have exercised
their piggyback registration rights to include an aggregate of 26,584,016 shares in such registration statement. As a result, approximately
26,278,000 shares (representing approximately 48% of our shares outstanding on a fully-diluted basis, including all derivative
securities, whether or not currently exercisable) are available for resale by selling stockholders under the registration statement.
If some or all of the shares included in such registration statement are sold by our affiliates and others it may have the effect
of depressing the trading price of our common stock. In addition, such sales could make it more difficult for us to raise capital
if needed in the future. In April 2013, we entered into an at-the-market
equity facility, or ATM, with MLV & Co. LLC, or MLV, as sales agent under which we may sell up to approximately $13.0 million
of our common stock under our prospectus supplement by any method deemed to be an “at-the-market” offering under SEC
rules. As of December 31, 2014 we sold cumulatively approximately $3.3 million of common stock and issued 1,339,275 shares
under the ATM. If we continue to sell shares under the ATM, such sales will dilute our existing shareholders and could cause the
market price of our common stock to decline significantly. The availability of the ATM to us, as well as any sales of our common
stock under the ATM, should we elect to continue to use it, could encourage short sales by third parties, which could contribute
to the further decline of our stock price. If we do not
meet the continued listing standards of the NASDAQ Capital Market, our common stock could be delisted from trading, which could
limit investors’ ability to make transactions in our common stock and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ
Capital Market, a national securities exchange, which imposes continued listing requirements with respect to listed shares. If
we fail to satisfy its continued listing standards, such as, for example, NASDAQ Listing Rule 5450(a)(1), which requires that the
closing bid price of our common stock shall not fall below $1.00 for thirty consecutive business days. Failure to comply with NASDAQ’s
continued listing standards will result in the issuance of a non-compliance letter and/or initiation of delisting proceedings by
NASDAQ. On September 18, 2014, we received a letter
from the Listing Qualifications Staff of the NASDAQ Stock Market notifying us that because the closing bid price of our common
stock has been below $1.00 for 30 consecutive business days, it no longer complies with the requirements for continued listing
on the NASDAQ Capital Market. The NASDAQ notice does not impact our current listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market at this time and
our common stock will continue to trade under the symbol “ACUR”. In accordance with NASDAQ rules, we have been provided
a period of 180 calendar days, or until March 17, 2015, in which to regain compliance. In order to regain compliance with the minimum
bid price requirement, the closing bid price of our common stock must be at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of 10 consecutive
business days during this 180 day period. If we do not satisfy this requirement by March 17, 2015, NASDAQ will determine whether
the Company meets the applicable market value of publicly held shares requirement for continued listing and all other applicable
standards for initial listing on the NASDAQ Capital Market (except the bid price requirement). If we meet such criteria, of which
no assurance can be given, we may be eligible for an additional 180 day compliance period. As part of NASDAQ’s determination
of whether to grant us an additional 180 day compliance period, we will likely be required to commit to undertake a reverse stock
split (including seeking shareholder approval for the reverse split) during such compliance period in order to meet NASDAQ’s
minimum bid price requirement. If we do not regain compliance, our common stock will be subject to delisting. We intend to monitor the bid price of our
common stock between now and March 17, 2015, and will consider available options to regain compliance with the listing requirements,
including seeking an additional 180 day compliance period, if needed. There can be no assurance that we will be able to regain
compliance with the minimum bid price requirement or maintain compliance with other listing requirements. If our securities are delisted from trading
on the NASDAQ Capital Market and we are not able to list our securities on another exchange, such as the NYSE, our securities could
then be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board or on the “pink sheets.” As a result, we could face significant adverse consequences
including: 47 · a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; · a determination that our common stock is a “penny stock,” which will require brokers
trading in our common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the
secondary trading market for our securities; · a limited amount of news and analyst coverage for us; and · a decreased ability to issue additional securities (including pursuant to short-form registration
statements on Form S-3 or obtain additional financing in the future). ITEM 1B