 Aaron’s business is subject to certain risks and uncertainties. Any of the following risk factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones we face, but represent the risks that we believe are material. However, there may be additional risks that we currently consider not to be material or of which we are not currently aware, and any of these risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from historical or anticipated results. We are implementing a new strategic plan and there is no guarantee that the new strategic plan will produce results superior to those achieved under the Company’s prior plan. We have a new strategic plan that, in addition to acquiring Progressive Finance Holdings, LLC (“Progressive”), includes focusing on improving same store revenues in our core stores, rationalizing underperforming stores and developing our online platform. While the Company has always engaged in elements of the new strategy, the new strategy calls for increased emphasis on certain elements while moderating the focus on new store openings that had traditionally been a central tenet of the Company’s strategy. There can be no guarantee that the new strategy will yield the results we currently anticipate (or results that will exceed those that might be obtained under the prior strategy), if we fail to successfully execute on one or more prongs of the new strategy, even if we successfully implement one or more other prongs. We may not fully execute on one or more elements of the new strategy due to any number of reasons, including, for instance, because of the division of management, financial and Company resources among multiple objectives, or other factors beyond or not completely within our control. The successful execution of our new strategy depends on, among other things, our ability to: • improve same store revenues in stores that may be maturing; • rationalize our store base, including containing the costs of eliminating underperforming stores; • identify which markets are best suited for more disciplined store growth; and • introduce ecommerce to our customer base. If we cannot address these challenges successfully, or overcome other critical obstacles that may emerge as we gain experience with our new strategy, we may not be able to expand our business or increase our revenues or profitability at the rates we currently contemplate, if at all. If we cannot integrate our recent acquisition of Progressive successfully, or if we are unable to expand and profitably operate the Progressive business, our business and prospects as a whole could be materially adversely affected. On April 14, 2014, we completed the acquisition of Progressive, a virtual lease-to-own company, for $700 million. The continuing development of the Progressive business is key to our new strategy. We incurred approximately $491 million in indebtedness to partially finance the acquisition. The success of the Progressive acquisition will depend significantly on how quickly and efficiently the acquired business is integrated with us. Integration of a substantial business is a challenging, time-consuming and costly process. The continued successful integration of Progressive will continue to require the dedication of significant management resources that may temporarily detract attention from the day-to-day businesses of both Aaron’s and Progressive. Any disruption in Progressive’s business or changes in its business processes or methods could impede our ability to expand and profitably operate the Progressive business. Our same store revenues have fluctuated significantly and have declined in recent periods. Our historical same store revenue growth figures have fluctuated significantly from year to year. For example, we experienced same store revenue declines of 2.8% in 2014 and growth of .9% in 2013 . We calculate same store revenue growth by comparing revenues for comparable periods for all stores open during the entirety of those periods. Even though we have achieved significant same store revenue growth in the past and consider it a key indicator of historical performance, our more recent same store revenue growth has not been as robust, and we may not be able to restore same store revenues to historical higher levels in the future. A number of factors have historically affected our same store revenues, including: • changes in competition; • general economic conditions; 14 • new product introductions; • consumer trends; • changes in our merchandise mix; • the opening of new stores; • the impact of our new stores on our existing stores, including potential decreases in existing stores’ revenues as a result of opening new stores; • timing of promotional events; and • our ability to execute our business strategy effectively. Changes in our quarterly and annual same store revenues could cause the price of our common stock to fluctuate significantly. Continuation or worsening of current economic conditions could result in decreased revenues or increased costs. The U.S. economy is currently experiencing prolonged uncertainty accompanied by high unemployment. We believe that the extended duration of current economic conditions, particularly as they apply to our customer base, may be resulting in our customers curtailing entering into sales and lease ownership agreements for the types of merchandise we offer, resulting in decreased revenues. In addition, unemployment may result in increased defaults on lease payments, resulting in increased merchandise return costs and merchandise losses. If we cannot manage the costs of opening new stores, our profitability may suffer. Opening large numbers of new stores requires significant start-up expenses, and new stores are generally not profitable until their second year of operation. Consequently, opening many stores over a short period can materially decrease our net earnings for a time. During 2014 , we estimate that start-up expenses for new stores reduced our net earnings by approximately $7.8 million , or $.11 per diluted share, for our Aaron's Sales & Lease Ownership stores and approximately $648,000 for our HomeSmart stores, which had a $.01 impact on earnings per diluted share. We cannot be certain that we will be able to fully recover these significant costs in the future. We may not be able to attract qualified franchisees, which may slow the growth of our business. Our growth strategy depends significantly upon our franchisees developing new franchised sales and lease ownership stores, maximizing penetration of their designated markets and operating their stores successfully. We generally seek franchisees who meet our stringent business background and financial criteria and who are willing to enter into area development agreements for multiple stores. A number of factors could inhibit our ability to find qualified franchisees, including general economic downturns or legislative or litigation developments that make the rent-to-own industry less attractive to potential franchisees. These developments could also adversely affect the ability of our franchisees to obtain capital needed to develop and operate new stores. If we are unable to compete effectively with the growing e-commerce sector, our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. With the continued expansion of internet use, as well as mobile computing devices and smart phones, competition from the e-commerce sector continues to grow. Certain of our competitors, and a number of e-commerce retailers, have established e-commerce operations against which we compete for customers. It is possible that the increasing competition from the e-commerce sector may reduce our market share, gross margin and operating margin, and may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations in other ways. Operational and other failures by our franchisees may adversely impact us. Qualified franchisees who conform to our standards and requirements are important to the overall success of our business. Our franchisees, however, are independent businesses and not employees, and consequently we cannot and do not control them to the same extent as our Company-operated stores. Our franchisees may fail in key areas, which could slow our growth, reduce our franchise revenues or damage our reputation. If we do not maintain the privacy and security of customer, employee, supplier or Company information, we could damage our reputation, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. 15 Our business involves the storage and transmission of customers’ personal information, consumer preferences and credit card information, as well as confidential information about our customers, employees, our suppliers and our Company. We also serve as an information technology provider to our franchisees including storing and processing information related to their customers on our systems. Our information systems are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. Any significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of employee or customer data, could significantly damage our reputation, cause the disclosure of confidential customer, associate, supplier or Company information, and result in significant costs, lost sales, fines and lawsuits. Computer hackers may attempt to penetrate our network security and, if successful, misappropriate confidential customer or employee information. In addition, one of our employees, contractors or other third parties with whom we do business may attempt to circumvent our security measures in order to obtain such information, or inadvertently cause a breach involving such information. While we have implemented systems and processes to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss, there is no guarantee that these procedures are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuse of the data. The regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. These costs associated with information security, such as increased investment in technology, the costs of compliance with privacy laws, and costs incurred to prevent or remediate information security breaches, could adversely impact our business. We have experienced security incidents in the past, including an incident in which customer information was compromised, although no security incidents have resulted in a material loss to date. We are in the process of improving our system security, although there can be no assurance that these improvements, or others that we implement from time to time, will be effective to prevent all security incidents. We maintain network security and private liability insurance intended to help mitigate the financial risk of such incidents, but there can be no guarantee that insurance will be sufficient to cover all losses related to such incidents. A significant compromise of sensitive employee or customer information in our possession could result in legal damages and regulatory penalties. In addition, the costs of defending such actions or remediating breaches could be material. Security breaches could also harm our reputation with our customers, potentially leading to decreased revenues. If our information technology systems are impaired, our business could be interrupted, our reputation could be harmed and we may experience lost revenues and increased costs and expenses. We rely on our information technology systems to process transactions with our customers, including tracking lease payments on merchandise, and to manage other important functions of our business. Failures of our systems, such as “bugs,” crashes, operator error or catastrophic events, could seriously impair our ability to operate our business. If our information technology systems are impaired, our business (and that of our franchisees) could be interrupted, our reputation could be harmed, we may experience lost revenues or sales and we could experience increased costs and expenses to remediate the problem. The risks in Progressive’s “virtual” lease-to-own business differ in some potentially significant respects from the risks of Aaron’s store-based lease-to-own business. The risks could have a material negative effect on Progressive or the expected benefits of the acquisition. Our recently acquired Progressive segment offers its lease-to-own solution through the stores of third party retailers. Progressive consequently faces some different risks than are associated with Aaron’s sales and lease ownership concept, which Aaron’s and its franchisees offer through their own stores. These potential risks include, among others, Progressive’s: • Reliance on third party retailers (over whom Progressive cannot exercise the degree of control and oversight that Aaron’s and its franchisees can assert over their own respective employees) for many important business functions, from advertising through lease transaction closing; • Revenue concentration in the customers of a relatively small number of retailers; • Lack of control over, and more product diversity within, its lease merchandise inventory relative to Aaron’s sale and lease ownership business, which can complicate matters such as merchandise repair and disposition of merchandise that is not leased to term; • Possibly different regulatory risks than apply to Aaron’s sales and lease ownership business, whether arising from the offer by third party retailers of Progressive’s lease-purchase solution alongside traditional cash, check or credit payment options or otherwise; 16 • Reliance on automatic bank account drafts for lease payments, which may become disfavored as a payment method for these transactions by regulators; and • Potential that regulators may target the virtual lease-to-own transaction and/or new regulations or legislation could be adopted that negatively impact Progressive’s ability to offer virtual lease-to-own programs through third party retail partners. These risks could have a material negative effect on Progressive’s business. Moreover, because these risks depart from those normally encountered by Aaron’s sales and lease ownership business, Aaron’s management may not be familiar with all of their dimensions, which could interfere with the smooth integration of Progressive and/or hamper the recognition of synergies. Any of these consequences could result in a material adverse effect on the entire business. We have incurred significant indebtedness. This substantial indebtedness, including the restrictive and financial covenants contained in the related agreements, could adversely affect the Company’s financial position and its ability to obtain financing in the future, and could limit its flexibility to react to changes in its business. We have incurred approximately $491 million in new indebtedness under privately placed senior notes, term loans and our revolving credit facility to finance a portion of the purchase price of Progressive and related fees and expenses. Prior to the Progressive acquisition, the Company had relatively little debt and significant cash balances. Because of this significant indebtedness: • our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, other acquisitions, debt service requirements or general corporate purposes, and our ability to satisfy our obligations with respect to its indebtedness, may be impaired in the future; • a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations must be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the funds available to us for other purposes; • we may be at a disadvantage compared to any competitors with less debt, or comparable debt at more favorable interest rates; and • our flexibility to adjust to changing market conditions and our ability to withstand competitive pressures could be limited, and we may be more vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions or our business, or be unable to carry out capital spending that is necessary or important to our strategy. Furthermore, our various debt instruments contain restrictive and financial covenants that limit our activities. The financial covenants include requirements that we maintain specified ratios at the end of each fiscal quarter, calculated on a consolidated basis for the Company and our consolidated subsidiaries, of EBITDA plus lease expense to fixed charges and total debt to EBITDA. Refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition-Liquidity and Capital Resources” for further information on the financial covenants. We are also subject to various restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to: • incur additional indebtedness; • pledge collateral to secure indebtedness; • make certain investments or extend certain loans; • declare or make certain dividends or other payments; or • sell assets, or sell and leaseback assets These limitations on our activities could limit our flexibility to react to future business changes. If we are unable to integrate other acquired businesses successfully and realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner, our profitability may decrease. 17 We frequently acquire other sales and lease ownership businesses. Since the beginning of 2010 , we acquired the lease agreements, merchandise and assets of 137 Aaron’s Sales & Lease Ownership stores and 51 HomeSmart stores. If we are unable to successfully integrate businesses we acquire, we may incur substantial cost and delays in increasing our customer base. In addition, our efforts to integrate acquisitions successfully may divert management’s attention from our existing business, which may harm our profitability. The integration of an acquired business may be more difficult when we acquire a business in an unfamiliar market or with a different management philosophy or operating style. Challenges to our corporate governance could have a negative effect on our business. We may be subject from time to time to legal and business challenges in the operation of the Company via proxy contests, shareholder proposals, and other such corporate proceedings instituted by activist investors or other entities. Our business could be adversely affected by these proceedings because responding to threatened or actual proxy contests and related matters is time-consuming and can divert the attention of management and employees. In response to threatened shareholder activism, we may incur advisory, legal fees, administrative and associated costs, and in the event a proxy contest or other event actually ensues, we may incur additional such costs, which may be significant or material. Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction may also adversely affect our employees’ morale and cause our stock price to experience periods of volatility or stagnation. Furthermore, if, via proxy contest or related proceeding, insurgent director nominees are elected to our board who disagree with our current strategy and direction, it may impede our ability to implement our current strategy and to retain and attract the managers we might otherwise seek to employ to execute it. Our competitors could impede our ability to attract new customers, or cause current customers to cease doing business with us. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive. In the sales and lease ownership market, our competitors include national, regional and local operators of rent-to-own stores, virtual rent-to-own companies and traditional retailers. Our competitors in the traditional and virtual sales and lease ownership and traditional retail markets may have significantly greater financial and operating resources and greater name recognition in certain markets. Greater financial resources may allow our competitors to grow faster than us, including through acquisitions. This in turn may enable them to enter new markets before we can, which may decrease our opportunities in those markets. Greater name recognition, or better public perception of a competitor’s reputation, may help them divert market share away from us, even in our established markets. In addition, new competitors may emerge or current and potential competitors may establish financial or strategic relationships among themselves or with third parties. Accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among competitors could emerge and rapidly acquire significant market share. The occurrence of any of these events could materially adversely impact our business. Our Progressive business relies heavily on relationships with retail partners. An increase in competition could cause our retail partners to no longer offer the Progressive product in favor of our competitors which could slow growth in the Progressive business and limit profitability. If our independent franchisees fail to meet their debt service payments or other obligations under outstanding loans guaranteed by us as part of a franchise loan program, we may be required to pay to satisfy these obligations which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We have guaranteed the borrowings of certain franchisees under a franchise loan program with several banks with a maximum commitment amount of $175.0 million . In the event these franchisees are unable to meet their debt service payments or otherwise experience events of default, we would be unconditionally liable for a portion of the outstanding balance of the franchisees’ debt obligations, which at December 31, 2014 was $89.8 million . We have had no significant losses associated with the franchise loan and guaranty program since its inception. Although we believe that any losses associated with defaults would be mitigated through recovery of lease merchandise and other assets, we cannot guarantee that there will be no significant losses in the future or that we will be able to adequately mitigate any such losses. If we fail to adequately mitigate any such future losses, our business and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. The loss of the services of our key executives, or our inability to attract and retain qualified managers, could have a material adverse impact on our operations. 18 We believe that we have benefited substantially from our current executive leadership and that the unexpected loss of their services in the future could adversely affect our business and operations. We also depend on the continued services of the rest of our management team. The loss of these individuals without adequate replacement could adversely affect our business. Although we have employment agreements with some of our key executives, they are generally terminable on short notice and we do not carry key man life insurance on any of our officers. The inability to attract and retain qualified individuals, or a significant increase in the costs to do so, would materially adversely affect our operations. We are subject to legal and regulatory proceedings from time to time which seek material damages or seek to place significant restrictions on our business operations. We are subject to legal and regulatory proceedings from time to time which may result in material damages or place significant restrictions on our business operations. Although we do not presently believe that any of our current legal or regulatory proceedings will ultimately have a material adverse impact on our operations, we cannot assure you that we will not incur material damages or penalties in a lawsuit or other proceeding in the future. Significant adverse judgments, penalties, settlement amounts, amounts needed to post a bond pending an appeal or defense costs could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources. It is also possible that, as a result of a future governmental or other proceeding or settlement, significant restrictions will be placed upon, or significant changes made to, our business practices, operations or methods, including pricing or similar terms. Any such restrictions or changes may adversely affect our profitability or increase our compliance costs. Our operations are regulated by and subject to the requirements of various federal and state laws and regulations. These laws and regulations, which may be amended or supplemented or interpreted by the courts from time to time, could expose us to significant compliance costs or burdens or force us to change our business practices in a manner that may be materially adverse to our operations, prospects or financial condition. For example, we must comply with annual disclosure and reporting rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act because of certain materials used in products manufactured by our manufacturing division, Woodhaven Furniture Industries. Because our supply chain is complex and we do not source our minerals directly from the original mine or smelter, we incur costs in complying with these disclosure requirements, including for due diligence to determine the source of the subject minerals used in our products and other potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. Currently, 47 states and the District of Columbia specifically regulate rent-to-own transactions, including states in which we currently operate Aaron’s Sales & Lease Ownership and HomeSmart stores, as well as states in which our Progressive business has retail partners. At the present time, no federal law specifically regulates the rent-to-own industry, although federal legislation to regulate the industry has been proposed from time to time. Any adverse changes in existing laws, or the passage of new adverse legislation by states or the federal government could materially increase both our costs of complying with laws and the risk that we could be sued or be subject to government sanctions if we are not in compliance. In addition, new burdensome legislation might force us to change our business model and might reduce the economic potential of our sales and lease ownership operations. Most of the states that regulate rent-to-own transactions have enacted disclosure laws which require rent-to-own companies to disclose to their customers the total number of payments, total amount and timing of all payments to acquire ownership of any item, any other charges that may be imposed and miscellaneous other items. The more restrictive state lease purchase laws limit the total amount that a customer may be charged for an item, or regulate the “cost-of-rental” amount that rent-to-own companies may charge on rent-to-own transactions, generally defining “cost-of-rental” as lease fees paid in excess of the “retail” price of the goods. There has been increased legislative attention in the United States, at both the federal and state levels, on consumer debt transactions in general, which may result in an increase in legislative regulatory efforts directed at the rent-to-own industry. We cannot guarantee that the federal government or states will not enact additional or different legislation that would be disadvantageous or otherwise materially adverse to us, nor can we guarantee that Canadian law will not be enacted that would be materially adverse to our franchisees there. In addition to the risk of lawsuits related to the laws that regulate rent-to-own and consumer lease transactions, we or our franchisees could be subject to lawsuits alleging violations of federal and state or Canadian provincial laws and regulations and consumer tort law, including fraud, consumer protection, information security and privacy laws, because of the consumer-oriented nature of the rent-to-own industry. A large judgment against the Company could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, an adverse outcome from a lawsuit, even one against one of our competitors, could result in changes in the way we and others in the industry do business, possibly leading to significant costs or decreased revenues or profitability. 19 We rely on our retail partners to ensure compliance with applicable regulations in our Progressive business. Lack of adherence to our policies and procedures by these retail partners could cause us not to be compliant with applicable regulatory requirements. We are subject to laws that regulate franchisor-franchisee relationships. Our ability to develop new franchised stores and enforce our rights against franchisees may be adversely affected by these laws, which could impair our growth strategy and cause our franchise revenues to decline. As a franchisor, we are subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission, state laws and certain Canadian provincial laws regulating the offer and sale of franchises. Because we plan to expand our business in part by awarding more franchises, our failure to obtain or maintain approvals to sell franchises could significantly impair our growth strategy. In addition, our failure to comply with applicable franchise regulations could cause us to lose franchise fees and ongoing royalty revenues. Moreover, state and provincial laws that regulate substantive aspects of our relationships with franchisees may limit our ability to terminate or otherwise resolve conflicts with our franchisees. We may engage in litigation with our franchisees. Although we believe we generally enjoy a positive working relationship with the vast majority of our franchisees, the nature of the franchisor-franchisee relationship may give rise to litigation with our franchisees. In the ordinary course of business, we are the subject of complaints or litigation from franchisees, usually related to alleged breaches of contract or wrongful termination under the franchise arrangements. We may also engage in future litigation with franchisees to enforce the terms of our franchise agreements and compliance with our brand standards as determined necessary to protect our brand, the consistency of our products and the customer experience. In addition, we may be subject to claims by our franchisees relating to our Franchise Disclosure Document, or FDD, including claims based on financial information contained in our FDD. Engaging in such litigation may be costly and time-consuming and may distract management and materially adversely affect our relationships with franchisees and our ability to attract new franchisees. Any negative outcome of these or any other claims could materially adversely affect our results of operations as well as our ability to expand our franchise system and may damage our reputation and brand. Furthermore, existing and future franchise-related legislation could subject us to additional litigation risk in the event we terminate or fail to renew a franchise relationship. Changes to the current law with respect to the assignment of liabilities in the franchise business model could adversely impact our profitability. One of the legal foundations fundamental to the franchise business model has been that, absent special circumstances, a franchisor is generally not responsible for the acts, omissions or liabilities of its franchisees. Recently, established law has been challenged and questioned by the plaintiffs’ bar and certain regulators, and the outcome of these challenges and new regulatory positions remains unknown. If these challenges and/or new positions are successful in altering currently settled law, it could significantly change the way we and other franchisors conduct business and adversely impact our profitability. For example, a determination that we are a joint employer with our franchisees or that franchisees are part of one unified system with joint and several liability under the National Labor Relations Act, statutes administered by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, regulations and other areas of labor and employment law could subject us and/or our franchisees to liability for the unfair labor practices, wage-and-hour law violations, employment discrimination law violations, OSHA regulation violations and other employment-related liabilities of one or more franchisees. Furthermore, any such change in law would create an increased likelihood that certain franchised networks would be required to employ unionized labor, which could impact franchisors like us through, among other things, increased labor costs and difficulty in attracting new franchisees. In addition, if these changes were to be expanded outside of the employment context, we could be held liable for other claims against franchisees. Therefore, any such regulatory action or court decisions could impact our ability or desire to grow our franchised base and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Progressive’s proprietary algorithm used to approve customers could no longer be indicative of our customer’s ability to pay. We believe Progressive’s proprietary, centralized underwriting process to be a key to the success of the Progressive business. We assume behavior and attributes observed on prior customers, among other factors, are indicative of performance by future customers. Unexpected changes in behavior caused by macroeconomic conditions, changes in consumer preferences, availability of alternative products or other factors, however, could lead to increased merchandise return incidence and costs and/or merchandise losses. 20 ITEM 1B