 We
may from time to time make written or oral statements that contain forward-looking information. However, our actual results may
differ materially from our expectations, statements or projections. The following risks and uncertainties, together with other
factors not presently determinable, could cause actual results to differ from our expectations, statements or projections. GENERAL
FACTORS We
have a history of operating losses and have used increasing amounts of cash for operations and to fund our acquisitions and investments. In
2013 and 2014, our companies experienced delays in anticipated orders, varying levels of lower than planned sales volume and technical
challenges that collectively and materially have negatively impacted and may continue to negatively impact our financial performance
in the future. We have a history of operating losses, and have used significant amounts of cash to fund our operating activities
over the years. In 2013 and 2014, we had operating losses of $21.3 million and $10.2 million, respectively plus losses from discontinued
operations of $9.7 million and $19.1 million, respectively. Cash used in operating activities of continuing operations in 2013
and 2014 was $10.9 million and $7.1 million, respectively plus an additional $6.9 million and $11.1 million used in discontinued
operations in 2013 and 2014. As
of December 31, 2014, we had a total of approximately $4.7 million in corporate cash and cash equivalents and $2.9 million at
the end of February 2015. We do not presently anticipate pursuing new acquisitions and investment opportunities unless they support
our existing businesses, but we do expect to continue to support the financing needs of our subsidiaries to the extent that we
can. While we plan for both GridSense and OmniMetrix to be net cash flow neutral in 2016, these companies will need support for
their financing needs in 2015. In 2014, we lent GridSense and OmniMetrix approximately $1,340,000 and $850,000, respectively,
net of repayments. We expect that in 2015, DSIT will generate significant amounts of cash which will be available to support the
corporate cash needs of Acorn and its subsidiaries; however, there can be no assurance that DSIT will be able to do so to the
extent necessary and it is unknown for how long DSIT will be able to provide such support. Accordingly,
if our current cash plus any cash generated from operations and borrowing from available lines of credit, cannot provide sufficient
liquidity to finance the operating activities of Acorn and the operations of our operating subsidiaries for the foreseeable future
or the next 12 months in particular, we can either access the capital markets, divest from one or more of our assets or find a
strategic partner for one or more of our businesses. There can be no assurance however that we will be able to exercise any of
these options to improve our liquidity. We
do not expect to pay dividends on shares of our common stock for the foreseeable future. Investors may never obtain a return on
their investment. In
October 2011, our Board of Directors adopted a dividend policy pursuant to which Acorn expected to pay quarterly dividends on
our common stock. We suspended this policy after our March 2013 dividend payment and do not presently intend to pay dividends
to our stockholders in the foreseeable future. We intend to reinvest earnings, if any, in the development and expansion of our
business. Accordingly, you will need to rely on sales of your common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, in
order to realize a return on your investment. We
depend on key management for the success of our business. Our
success is largely dependent on the skills, experience and efforts of our senior management team, including John Moore, Joseph
Musanti, Benny Sela, Walter Czarnecki and Michael Barth. The loss of the services of any of these key managers could materially
harm our business, financial condition, future results and cash flow. We do not maintain “key person” life insurance
policies on any of these employees other than for our CEO, John A. Moore. We may also not be able to locate or employ on acceptable
terms qualified replacements for our senior management if their services were no longer available. 16 Loss
of the services of a few key employees could harm our operations. We
depend on key technical employees and sales personnel. The loss of certain personnel could diminish our ability to develop and
maintain relationships with customers and potential customers. The loss of certain technical personnel could harm our ability
to meet development and implementation schedules. The loss of key sales personnel could have a negative effect on sales to certain
current customers. Although most of our significant employees are bound by confidentiality and non-competition agreements, the
enforceability of such agreements cannot be assured. Our future success also depends on our continuing ability to identify, hire,
train and retain other highly qualified technical and managerial personnel. If we fail to attract or retain highly qualified technical
and managerial personnel in the future, our business could be disrupted. Our
awards of stock options to employees may not have their intended effect. A
portion of our total compensation program for our executive officers and key personnel has historically included the award of
options to buy our common stock or the common stock of our subsidiaries. If the price of our common stock performs poorly, such
performance may adversely affect our ability to retain or attract critical personnel. In addition, any changes made to our stock
option policies, or to any other of our compensation practices, which are made necessary by governmental regulations or competitive
pressures could affect our ability to retain and motivate existing personnel and recruit new personnel. Compliance
with changing regulation of corporate governance, public disclosure and financial accounting standards may result in additional
expenses and affect our reported results of operations. Keeping
informed of, and in compliance with, changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance, public disclosure
and accounting standards, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Dodd-Frank Act, as well as new and proposed SEC regulations and accounting
standards, has required an increased amount of management attention and external resources. Compliance with such requirements
may result in increased general and administrative expenses and an increased allocation of management time and attention to compliance
activities. New regulations
related to conflict-free minerals may force us to incur additional expenses. The
SEC released final rules in August 2012 regarding mandatory disclosure by public companies of sourcing information related to
their use of “conflict minerals” (tantalum, tin, tungsten and gold) originating in the Democratic Republic of Congo
and adjoining countries. We were required to conduct specified due diligence activities for the 2013 calendar year, and provided
our first report in June 2014. Based
on guidance released by the Securities and Exchange Commission, Acorn determined that OmniMetrix – whose only business is
that of a service provider – is not subject to the required conflicts minerals inquiry. However, Acorn further determined
that for its other subsidiaries that conflict minerals are necessary for the functionality of many of our products, and have taken,
and will continue to undertake, prescribed steps to determine their origin. In
our June 2014 disclosure, we reported that the origin of the conflict minerals cannot be determined with any certainty once the
raw ores are smelted, refined and converted to ingots, bullion or other conflict mineral-containing derivatives. We
anticipate that continuing to fulfill our compliance obligations with the rules will continue to be both time consuming and potentially
costly. Although the exact amount cannot be determined at this time, commentators have suggested compliance could costs companies
like ours as much as several hundreds of thousands of dollars per year. Although our costs have been (and we expect will continue
to be) substantially lower, we may also incur additional expenses related to any changes to our products we may decide are advisable
based upon our due diligence findings, as well as increased supply costs as alternative supply sources may not be competitively
priced. We
may not be able to successfully integrate companies which we may invest in or acquire in the future, which could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, future results and cash flow. Part
of our business model includes the acquisition of new companies either as new platform companies or complimentary companies for
our subsidiaries. Although we do not presently foresee making such acquisitions in the near term unless they support our existing
businesses, if we did so, any failure to effectively integrate any future acquisition’s management into our controls, systems
and procedures could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 17 Our
strategy is to continue to integrate any newly acquired companies and grow the businesses of all of our companies. Integrating
acquisitions is often costly, and we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired companies with existing operations without
substantial costs, delays or other adverse operational or financial consequences. Integrating acquired companies involves a number
of risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, including: ● failure of the acquired companies to achieve the results we expect; ● inability to retain key personnel of the acquired companies; ● dilution of existing stockholders; ● potential disruption of our ongoing business activities and distraction of our management; ● difficulties in retaining business relationships with suppliers and customers of the acquired companies; ● difficulties in coordinating and integrating overall business strategies, sales and marketing, and research and development efforts; and ● difficulties in establishing and maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies, including accounting controls and procedures. In
order to grow, one or more of our companies may decide to pursue growth through acquisitions, although we do not currently plan
any significant acquisitions. Any significant acquisition by one or more of our operating companies could require substantial
use of our capital and may require significant debt or equity financing. We anticipate the need to closely manage our cash for
the foreseeable future and cannot provide any assurance as to the availability or terms of any such financing or its effect on
our liquidity and capital resources. We
incur substantial costs as a result of being a public company. As
a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses in connection with our reporting requirements. The
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Dodd-Frank Act and the rules subsequently implemented by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”)
and NASDAQ, have required changes in corporate governance practices of public companies. These rules and regulations have already
increased our legal and financial compliance costs and the amount of time and effort we devote to compliance activities. We expect
that as a result of continued compliance with these rules and regulations, we will continue to incur significant legal and financial
compliance costs. We continue to regularly monitor and evaluate developments with respect to these new rules with our legal counsel,
but we cannot predict or estimate the amount of additional costs we may incur or the timing of such costs. The conflict minerals
reporting requirement discussed above is a direct consequence of our public status. We
may in the future become involved in litigation that may materially adversely affect us. From
time to time in the ordinary course of our business, we may become involved in various legal proceedings, including commercial,
product liability, employment, class action and other litigation and claims, as well as governmental and other regulatory investigations
and proceedings. Any legal proceedings can be time-consuming, divert management’s attention and resources and cause us to
incur significant expenses. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, the results of any such actions may have a material
adverse effect on our business, operations or financial condition. We
may incur unexpected shutdown costs in connection with the suspension of operations of our USSI subsidiary or other unexpected
liabilities related to USSI that will survive its shutdown. We
have written off substantially all of the assets of our USSI subsidiary, and do not anticipate any significant additional shutdown
costs in connection with the suspension of USSI’s operations. In addition, we are neither aware of nor anticipate any other
liabilities or claims related to USSI that will survive its shutdown. Should any unexpected costs, claims or liabilities related
to USSI arise, however, it may negatively impact our cash position. Goodwill
and other intangible assets recorded in connection with our acquisitions is subject to impairment evaluations and as a result,
we could be required to write off some or all of these intangibles, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. In
accordance with applicable accounting principles, goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually or more frequently for impairment
and other intangibles are also reviewed if certain conditions exist. During the year ended December 31, 2014, we recorded an impairment
of $1.8 million of goodwill associated with our GridSense segment as well as impairments of $1.4 million of goodwill and $2.0
million and intangibles associated with our USSI subsidiary. During the year ended December 31, 2013, we recorded impairments
of $1.9 million of goodwill and $4.8 million of intangibles associated with our OmniMetrix subsidiary. Any additional impairment
of the value of recorded goodwill or other intangibles at any of our other subsidiaries will result in an additional charge against
earnings which could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations and financial position in future periods. 18 We
have reported material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2014 and we cannot assure you
that additional material weaknesses will not be identified in the future or that we can effectively remediate our reported weaknesses.
If our internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures are not effective, there may be errors
in our financial statements that could require a restatement or our filings may not be timely and investors may lose confidence
in our reported financial information. Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting
as of the end of each year, and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting in each Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our
management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our internal control over
financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control
system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to
their costs. Controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management
override of the controls. Over time, controls may become inadequate because changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree
of compliance with policies or procedures may occur. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements
due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. As
a result, we cannot assure you that additional significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in our internal control over financial
reporting will not be identified in the future or that we can effectively remediate our reported weaknesses. Any failure to maintain
or implement required new or improved controls, or any difficulties we encounter in their implementation, could result in significant
deficiencies or material weaknesses, cause us to fail to timely meet our periodic reporting obligations, or result in material
misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure could also adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations
regarding disclosure controls and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting required under Section 404
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder. The existence of a material weakness could result in errors
in our financial statements that could result in a restatement of financial statements, cause us to fail to timely meet our reporting
obligations and cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. If
we are unable to protect our intellectual property, or our intellectual property protection efforts are unsuccessful, others may
duplicate our technology. Our
operating companies rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws and restrictions on disclosure
to protect our intellectual property rights. Our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to protect
our proprietary technology, systems designs and manufacturing processes. The ability of others to use our intellectual property
could allow them to duplicate the benefits of our products and reduce our competitive advantage. We do not know whether any of
our pending patent applications will be issued or, in the case of patents issued, that the claims allowed are or will be sufficiently
broad to protect our technology or processes. Further, a patent issued covering one use of our technology may not be broad enough
to cover uses of that technology in other business areas. Even if all our patent applications are issued and are sufficiently
broad, they may be challenged or invalidated or our competitors may independently develop or patent technologies or processes
that are equivalent or superior to ours. We could incur substantial costs in prosecuting patent and other intellectual property
infringement suits and defending the validity of our patents and other intellectual property. While we have attempted to safeguard
and maintain our property rights, we do not know whether we have been or will be completely successful in doing so. These actions
could place our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property rights at risk and could result in the loss of patent, trademark
or other intellectual property rights protection for the products, systems and services on which our business strategy partly
depends. Furthermore, it is not practical from a cost/benefit perspective to file for patent or trademark protection in every
jurisdiction where we now or in the future may conduct business. In those territories where we do not have the benefit of patent
or trademark protections, our competitors may be able to prevent us from selling our products or otherwise limit our ability to
advertise under our established product names and we may face risks associated with infringement litigation as discussed below. We
rely, to a significant degree, on contractual provisions to protect our trade secrets and proprietary knowledge. These trade secrets
either cannot be protected by patent protection or we have determined that seeking a patent is not in our interest. These agreements
may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. Our trade secrets may also be known without breach of such
agreements or may be independently developed by competitors. 19 Third
parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing
expenses or be prevented from selling products and services if these claims are successful. We also may incur significant expenses
in affirmatively protecting our intellectual property rights. In
recent years, there has been significant litigation involving patents and other intellectual property rights in many technology-related
industries and we believe that the industries in which certain of our subsidiaries operate have a significant amount of patent
activity. Third parties may claim that the technology or intellectual property that we incorporate into or use to develop, manufacture
or provide our current and future products, systems or services infringe, induce or contribute to the infringement of their intellectual
property rights, and we may be found to infringe, induce or contribute to the infringement of those intellectual property rights
and may be required to obtain a license to use those rights. We may also be required to engage in costly efforts to design our
products, systems and services around the intellectual property rights of others or incur additional marketing costs if we are
prevented from using existing product names. The intellectual property rights of others may cover some of our technology, products,
systems and services. In addition, the scope and validity of any particular third party patent may be subject to significant uncertainty. Litigation
regarding patents or other intellectual property rights is costly and time consuming, and could divert the attention of our management
and key personnel from our business operations. The complexity of the technology involved and the uncertainty of intellectual
property litigation increase these risks. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to enter into costly
royalty or license agreements or to indemnify our customers. However, we may not be able to obtain royalty or license agreements
on terms acceptable to us or at all. Any inability on our part to obtain needed licenses could delay or prevent the development,
manufacture and sale of our products, systems or services. We may also be subject to significant damages or injunctions against
development, manufacture and sale of our products, systems or services. We also may be required to incur significant time and
expense in pursuing claims against companies we believe are infringing or have misappropriated our intellectual property rights. It
can be difficult or expensive to obtain the insurance we need for our business operations. As
part of our business operations, we maintain insurance both as a corporate risk management strategy and to satisfy the requirements
of many of our contracts. Insurance products are impacted by market fluctuations and can become expensive and sometimes very difficult
to obtain. There can be no assurance that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance at an affordable price for the
required limits. Our failure to obtain such insurance could lead to uninsured losses that could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations or financial condition, or cause us to be out of compliance with our contractual obligations. Our
GridSense subsidiary does business in California, which is known to experience earthquake activity. Insurance coverage for earthquake-related
damage is expensive and currently, GridSense does not maintain an earthquake insurance policy. We
may in the future be involved in product liability and product warranty claims relating to the products we manufacture and distribute
that, if adversely determined, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Product
liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods,
regardless of the ultimate outcome. Claims of this nature could also have a negative impact on customer confidence in our products
and our company. While insurance can mitigate some of this risk, due to our current size and limited operating history, we have
been unable to obtain product liability insurance with significant coverage. Our customers may not accept the terms we have been
able to procure and seek to terminate our existing contracts or cease to do business with us. The
timing and amount of revenue generated both from new customer orders and backlog fulfillment are subject to substantial volatility Recognition
of revenue from sales to certain customers can be subject to delays beyond our control, such as timing of the receipt of component
parts, change orders issued by the customer and delays in customers’ scheduled installation dates (primarily at GridSense
and DSIT), all of which we generally accommodate at no cost to the customer as part of our marketing efforts to them for repeat
business. 20 Concentrations
of credit risk Financial
instruments, which potentially subject us to concentrations of credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash equivalents,
restricted deposits accounts receivable and unbilled revenues. The Company’s cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
deposits were deposited primarily with U.S. and Israeli banks and other financial institutions and amounted to $5.9 million from
continuing operations at December 31, 2014. The Company uses major banks and brokerage firms to invest its excess cash, primarily
in money market funds. The counterparties to our restricted deposits are two major Israeli banks. The Company does not believe
there is significant risk of non-performance by these counterparties. Related credit risk would result from a default by the financial
institutions or issuers of investments to the extent of the recorded carrying value of these assets. Approximately 35% of the
accounts receivable at December 31, 2014, was due from two customers who pays their receivables over usual credit periods. Credit
risk with respect to the balance of trade receivables is generally diversified due to the number of entities comprising the Company’s
customer base. Approximately 64% of the balance in unbilled revenue at December 31, 2014 was due from three customers that when
billed, pay their trade receivables over usual credit periods. Credit risk with respect to the remaining balance of unbilled revenue
is generally diversified due to the number of entities comprising our customer base. Results
from our past successful sales of subsidiary companies may not be repeated In
the past, we have sold certain former subsidiaries (Comverge and CoaLogix) at a profit, but there can be no assurance that we
will be able to repeat these successes with one or more of our current subsidiaries. We invest in companies before they have a
meaningful history of revenues and whether we can operate these entities successfully or realize any profit on our investments
in them cannot be determined. RISKS
RELATED TO DSIT SOLUTIONS Failure
to accurately forecast costs of fixed-priced contracts could reduce DSIT’s margins. When
working on a fixed-price basis, DSIT undertakes to deliver software or integrated hardware/software solutions to a customer’s
specifications or requirements for a particular project. The profits from these projects are primarily determined by DSIT’s
success in correctly estimating and thereafter controlling project costs. Costs may in fact vary substantially as a result of
various factors, including underestimating costs, difficulties with new technologies and economic and other changes that may occur
during the term of the contract. If, for any reason, DSIT’s costs are substantially higher than expected, it may incur losses
on fixed-price contracts. We
recognize revenues on construction contracts using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. Under the percentage-of-completion
method of accounting, we record revenue as work on the contract progresses. The cumulative amount of revenues recorded on a contract
at a specified point in time is that percentage of total estimated revenues that man-months incurred to date bear to estimated
man-months. Accordingly, contract revenues and total cost estimates are reviewed and revised as the work progresses. Adjustments
are reflected in contract revenues in the period when such estimates are revised. Estimates are based on management’s reasonable
assumptions and experience, but are only estimates. Variation of actual results from assumptions on an unusually large project
or on a number of average size projects could be material. We are also required to immediately recognize the full amount of the
estimated loss on a contract when estimates indicate such a loss. Such adjustments and accrued losses could result in reduced
profitability, which would negatively impact our cash flow from operations. Providing
liquidity support to Acorn could impact on DSIT’s ability to deliver its products or sustain its growth. DSIT
expects to generate significant cash flows from operations as it collects on significant balances of receivables and unbilled
revenues in the coming year. For the near future, Acorn will be relying in part on DSIT’s cash flows to help support its
operations and the operations of its GridSense and OmniMetrix subsidiaries. It is uncertain exactly to what extent Acorn will
require DSIT to provide support and over what period of time and whether such support coming from DSIT is sustainable in the long-term.
In addition, it is uncertain as to how DSIT’s liquidity support for Acorn will impact on DSIT’s ability to develop
new products or its ability to deliver its products in a timely manner. 21 Conditions
in Israel may affect our operations. Political,
economic and military conditions in Israel directly affect our operations. Since the establishment of the State of Israel, a number
of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its Arab neighbors. An ongoing state of hostility, varying in degree and
intensity has led to security and economic problems for Israel. For a number of years there have been continuing hostilities between
Israel and the Palestinians including with the Islamic movement Hamas in the Gaza Strip, which have adversely affected the peace
process and at times have negatively influenced Israel’s economy as well as its relationship with several other countries.
Israel also faces threats from Hezbollah militants in Lebanon, from the government of Iran and other potential threats from neighboring
countries, some of whom have recently undergone or are undergoing significant political changes, such as Egypt and Syria. In recent
years there has also been a change in the relations between Israel and Turkey. These political, economic and military conditions
in Israel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and future growth.
Furthermore, the mandatory military commitments of some DSIT personnel may temporarily impact our ability to produce our products
on a timely basis if such personnel are called into service in connection with hostilities or otherwise. Exchange
rate fluctuations could increase the cost of DSIT’s operations. A
majority of DSIT’s sales are based on contracts or orders which are in U.S dollars or are in New Israeli Shekels (“NIS”)
linked to the U.S. dollar. At the same time, most of DSIT’s expenses are denominated in NIS (primarily labor costs) and
are not linked to any foreign currency. The net effect of a devaluation of the U.S. dollar relative to the NIS is that DSIT’s
costs in dollar terms increases more than its revenues. At times, DSIT enters into forward contracts to try to mitigate its exposures
to exchange rate fluctuations; however, we can provide no assurance that such controls will be implemented successfully. In 2014
the U.S. dollar strengthened in relation to the NIS by 12.0%. DSIT
is substantially dependent on a small number of customers and the loss of one or more of these customers may cause revenues and
cash flow to decline. In
2014, approximately 63% of DSIT’s total revenues were concentrated in three customers. These customers are expected to continue
to make up a significant portion of DSIT’s revenues and cash flow in 2015. While DSIT does expect future follow on orders
from each of these customers, the timing and amounts cannot be predicted. A significant reduction of future orders or delay in
milestone payments from any of these customers could have a material adverse effect on the performance of DSIT. Reduction
in Israeli government spending or changes in priorities for defense products may adversely affect our earnings. The
Israeli Ministry of Defense is a significant customer of DSIT. The Israeli government may reduce its expenditures for defense
items or change its defense priorities in the coming years. In addition, the Israeli defense budget may be adversely affected
by any reductions in U.S. foreign military assistance. There is no assurance that our programs will not be affected in the future
if there is a reduction in Israeli government defense spending for our programs or a change in priorities to products other than
ours. Political
relations could limit our ability to sell or buy internationally. We
could be adversely affected by the interruption or reduction of trade between Israel and its trading partners. Some countries,
companies and organizations continue to participate in a boycott of Israeli firms and others doing business with Israel or with
Israeli companies. Foreign government defense export policies towards Israel could also make it more difficult for us to obtain
the export authorizations necessary for our activities. Also, over the past several years there have been calls in Europe and
elsewhere to reduce trade with Israel. In addition, the Israeli defense budget may be adversely affected by reductions in U.S.
foreign military assistance. There can be no assurance that restrictive laws, policies or practices directed towards Israel or
Israeli businesses will not have an adverse impact on our business. DSIT
is a project-based business which is dependent on large orders from customers who typically have long acquisition cycles. DSIT
is a project-based business which is dependent on large orders from customers who typically have long acquisition cycles. DSIT
must constantly replace its pipeline of opportunities given what typically averages to at least an 18-month sales cycle. DSIT
is dependent on meeting milestones to provide cash flow for its operations. DSIT’s
operations place a great reliance on it meeting project milestones in order to generate cash flow to finance its operations. Should
DSIT encounter difficulties in meeting significant project milestones, resulting cash flow difficulties could have a material
adverse effect on its operations. 22 DSIT
must at times provide significant guarantees in order to secure projects. These guarantees are often collateralized by restricted
deposits. Some
of the projects DSIT performs require significant performance and/or bank guarantees. At December 31, 2014, DSIT had approximately
$3.8 million of performance and bank guarantees outstanding. In addition, DSIT had on deposit at two Israeli banks approximately
$1.1 million collateralizing some of these guarantees. These deposits are restricted and, accordingly, DSIT cannot use these funds
for operations until the guarantees which are being collateralized are released. At times, this can create cash flow difficulties
which could have a material adverse effect on its operations. In
addition, DSIT may not always be able to supply such guarantees or restricted deposits without financial assistance from Acorn.
If Acorn needs to provide financial guarantees for DSIT, Acorn may not have sufficient funds available to it to invest in other
emerging ventures or take advantage of opportunities available to it in a timely manner. If
DSIT is unable to keep pace with rapid technological change, its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may
suffer. Some
of DSIT’s solutions are characterized by rapidly changing technologies and industry standards and technological obsolescence.
DSIT’s competitiveness and future success depends on its ability to keep pace with changing technologies and industry standards
on a timely and cost-effective basis. A fundamental shift in technologies could have a material adverse effect on its competitive
position. A failure to react to changes in existing technologies could materially delay DSIT’s development of new products,
which could result in technological obsolescence, decreased revenues, and/or a loss of market share to competitors. To the extent
that DSIT fails to keep pace with technological change, its revenues and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. DSIT
is dependent on a number of suppliers who provide it with components for some of its products. A
number of DSIT’s suppliers provide it with major components for some of its Naval Solutions products. Some of these components
are long-lead items. If for some reason, the suppliers cannot provide DSIT with the component when it is needed and DSIT cannot
easily find substitute suppliers on similar terms, DSIT may have increased costs and/or delays in delivering a product to a customer
and incur penalties and lose customer confidence. In addition, project delays can also slow down revenue recognition and our financial
condition could be materially adversely affected. While DSIT is constantly attempting to develop secondary suppliers for these
components, it can provide no assurance that it will be successful in doing so on acceptable terms. DSIT
is a relatively small company with limited resources compared to some of its current and potential competitors, which may hinder
its ability to compete effectively. Some
of DSIT’s current and potential competitors have longer operating histories, significantly greater resources and broader
name recognition than it does. As a result, these competitors may have greater credibility with DSIT’s existing and potential
customers. They also may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote greater resources to the development, promotion
and sale of their products which would allow them to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer
requirements. DSIT
has committed resources to enter the fiber optic security arena. DSIT
is currently investing significant amounts of capital in creating the infrastructure to support its entrance into the fiber optic
security market. DSIT planned to do this in a joint development project with USSI. As a result of the recent suspension of operations
at USSI (see Recent Developments), continued w ork on the joint DSIT-USSI project (known as PAUSS)
has also stopped. DSIT has decided to pursue this market on its own, but we have no assurance that it will successfully
be able to develop or ultimately integrate these products into its portfolio and be able to commercialize the applications. DSIT
received a BIRD Foundation grant designated to cover 50% of the development costs of the PAUSS project
over a period of two years. Payment of the grant is dependent on continued progress being made in accordance with a contractually
agreed upon time-line. It is unclear at this time how the suspension of operations at USSI will impact BIRD funding of DSIT PAUSS
costs or whether future BIRD funding on the development of PAUSS may be at risk. In
September 2013, DSIT and Ramot, the technology transfer company of Tel-Aviv University, were jointly awarded a grant from MEIMAD.
MEIMAD provides funding money for projects involving joint innovation and development between Israeli industrial companies and
universities. This grant is for a 30-month project (in two stages) for the joint development of a next generation Fiber-Optic
Based Perimeter Security System Interrogator. The total amount of the grant is approximately $325,000 representing a 50% participation
in DSIT's expenses, and is conditioned on budget availability at the Office of the Chief Scientist (“OCS”) in the
Ministry of the Economy in Israel. 23 In
July 2014, DSIT and Ramot were jointly awarded another grant from MEIMAD. This grant is for a 24-month project (in two stages)
for the development of a fiber optic sensing system to be used in structural health monitoring of airborne structures (such as
planes and Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV’s)). The total amount of the grant is approximately NIS 950,000 (currently approximately
$245,000) representing a 50% participation in DSIT’s expenses. Both
grants are conditioned on budget availability at the Office of the Chief Scientist (“OCS”) in the Ministry of the
Economy in Israel and achieving the project’s first milestones. If OCS funds are unavailable and/or the projects’
milestones are not met on a timely basis, DSIT may not be able to access some or all of the grant funding. RISKS
RELATED TO GRIDSENSE GridSense
has incurred net losses and may never achieve sustained profitability. GridSense
incurred net losses each year since our acquisition of them in 2010. While GridSense has reduced its losses in 2014 to $2.7 million
(excluding the non-cash $1.8 million charge for goodwill impairment) compared to 2013’s loss of $4.3 million, it has still
not been able to achieve break-even for 2014; we can provide no assurance that GridSense will generate sufficient revenues and
cash flow to allow it to become cash neutral or eventually achieve or sustain profitability or to have positive cash flows. GridSense
will need additional financing to grow and finance its operations. While
we do not plan to invest additional equity into GridSense, it does need continued working capital support. During 2014, Acorn
continued to provide funds for GridSense’s working capital needs. During 2014, Acorn lent $1,340,000 net of repayments.
GridSense will continue to need funds in 2015. In
July 2014, GridSense signed an amendment to its Loan and Security Agreement with a bank extending the expiration date of its revolving
line-of-credit of $1.5 million to June 29, 2015. In addition, the bank agreed to allow GridSense to borrow against 80% of certain
accounts receivable balances up to an additional $750,000 for a period of one year (to July 16, 2015). Acorn has guaranteed to
the bank amounts outstanding under the line-of-credit and is subject to compliance with financial covenants under its guaranty.
Acorn is not currently in compliance with such covenants, and is currently negotiating with the bank regarding terms of repayment
of GridSense’s outstanding debt under the line-of-credit. We
have no assurance whether and to what extent GridSense will have access to the entire additional $750,000 facility as it is only
available against certain accounts receivable. It is possible that GridSense will require working capital support beyond its bank
facility to finance its operations as it works to grow its revenues. Additional
support to GridSense may be in the form of an additional or expanded bank line, new investment by others, additional investment
by Acorn, or a combination of the above. We have no assurance that such additional support will be available in sufficient amounts,
in a timely manner and on acceptable terms. The availability and amount of any additional investment from Acorn may be limited
by the investment and working capital needs of our corporate activities and other operating companies. GridSense’s
products and services may not gain market acceptance or competitors may introduce offerings that surpass those of GridSense. The
primary market for GridSense’s products and services is rapidly evolving which means that the level of acceptance of products
and services that have been released recently or that are planned for future release by the marketplace is not certain. If the
markets for GridSense’s products and services fail to develop, develop more slowly than expected or become subject to intense
competition, its business will suffer. As a result, GridSense may be unable to: (i) successfully market its current products and
services, (ii) develop new products, services and enhancements to current products and services, (iii) complete customer installations
on a timely basis or (iv) complete products and services currently under development. If GridSense’s products and services
are not accepted by its customers or by other businesses in the marketplace, GridSense’s business and operating results
will be materially affected. In addition, we can provide no assurance that GridSense will be successful in deriving significant
revenue growth through its current strategy and marketing initiatives. 24 GridSense’s
products are subject to regulatory approvals. Numerous
regulations govern the manufacture and sale of GridSense’s products in the United States and other countries where GridSense
intends to market its products. Such regulation bears upon the approval of manufacturing techniques, testing procedures and approval
for the manufacturing and sale of GridSense’s products, including advertising and labeling. Any
failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approvals would adversely affect our ability to market our products. Furthermore, product
approvals may be withdrawn if problems occur following initial marketing or if compliance with regulatory standards is not maintained.
The failure, delay or withdrawal of a previously given regulatory approval could materially adversely affect our revenues, cash
flows and financial position. Sales
to utilities are generally characterized by long sales cycles. GridSense’s
sales are largely dependent on the sales cycle of electric utilities which is typically long and requires much technical and application
support. The purchasing cycle for a utility may involve an evaluation trial or pilot, analysis of data and results, review of
competitor’s offerings and smaller scale deployments, before a purchasing decision is made. For large orders, some utilities
are required to solicit competitive bids from other vendors which can contribute significantly more time and result in lost sales
opportunities. At best, the sales cycle can take several months and in certain circumstances it can be a multi-year process. Delays
in securing purchase orders can materially adversely affect our revenues, cash flows and financial condition. GridSense
is attempting to broaden its revenue base by expanding into the North American market. GridSense
is currently recording a significant portion of its revenue from sales generated in Australia (approximately 38% and 32% for the
years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively). GridSense believes that growth and profitability will require additional
expansion of sales in other markets, most notably the North American market. To the extent that GridSense is unable to expand
sales into other markets in a timely and cost-effective manner, its business, operating results and financial condition could
be materially adversely affected. In addition, even with the successful recruitment of additional personnel and international
resellers, there can be no assurance that GridSense will be successful in maintaining or increasing international market demand
for its products. Exchange
rate fluctuations could negatively impact GridSense’s results from its sales through its Australian distributors. GridSense
no longer has operations in Australia following the closing of its office in 2014. It does still have residual costs associated
with the closure of the office (professional fees) and still sells its products through Australian distributors. Such sales are
denominated and collected in Australian dollars while the costs associated with such sales are U.S. dollar based. Such residual
costs and sales are subject to the volatility of the Australian dollar vis-à-vis the U.S. dollar. In 2013, the U.S. dollar
strengthened by 13.8%. In 2014, the U.S. dollar strengthened by an additional 8.3%. GridSense does not employ specific strategies,
such as the use of derivative instruments or hedging, to manage its foreign currency exchange rate exposures. GridSense’s
market is subject to rapidly changing technologies. GridSense
markets its products in a field where electronics and software/firmware dominate. This fast changing area may generate unknown
methods of detecting and monitoring disturbances that could render GridSense’s technology inferior, resulting in GridSense’s
results of operations being materially adversely affected. GridSense does, however, closely monitor trends and changes in technologies
and customer demand that could adversely impact its competitiveness and overall success. GridSense
is subject to vigorous competition with very large competitors that have substantially greater resources and operating histories. Some
of GridSense’s competitors in the markets it serves are larger, better capitalized and have greater resources than GridSense.
As GridSense grows and penetrates markets where larger companies have been established, it may experience a reduced rate of growth
due to competitive forces. Competition from these competitors may have a material adverse effect on our operations, including
a potential reduction in operating margins and a loss of potential business. Some competitors such as Power Delivery Product,
Sentient and Cooper have products that directly compete with GridSense at comparable price points and features. 25 Limited
Protection of Intellectual Technology. GridSense
invests significant resources in product development and research in order to maintain its competitiveness in the marketplace.
Keeping proprietary information safe from unauthorized use or disclosure is therefore an important objective. In order to protect
its proprietary know-how and technology, GridSense uses a combination of patents, trade secrets, contracts, copyrights and trademarks.
GridSense owns two US patents, and has one patent pending in the U.S. In addition, GridSense owns one patent in Canada. Some of
GridSense’s know-how and technology may not be patentable. To protect its rights, GridSense requires employees, as well
as select consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements. While these agreements will provide
some level of protection, they cannot provide absolute assurance that GridSense’s trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary
information are fully safeguarded. Whenever intellectual property is developed internally or acquired, GridSense will evaluate
and determine the optimal mix of controls to protect itself. RISKS
RELATED TO OMNIMETRIX OmniMetrix
has incurred net losses since our acquisition and may never achieve sustained profitability. OmniMetrix
incurred net losses of $2.6 million, $11.5 million (such loss included impairments and restructuring charges of $7.5 million)
and $1.7 million in 2012 since our acquisition, 2013 and 2014, respectively. OmniMetrix’s cash used in operations was $2.2
million, $4.2 million and $1.0 million, respectively, during those periods. While OmniMetrix has reduced its loss and cash used
in operations in 2014, we can provide no assurance that OmniMetrix will be able to generate sufficient revenues and cash flow
to allow it to become profitable or to eventually sustain profitability or to have positive cash flows. An
increase in customer terminations would negatively affect our business by reducing OmniMetrix revenue or requiring us to spend
more money to grow our customer base. We
reported a $1.1 million impairment charge in 2013 related to the loss of business from a key customer. Non-renewals or other monitoring
service terminations could increase in the future due to customer dissatisfaction with our products and services, increased competition
from other providers or alternative technologies. If
we have an increase in our non-renewal rate, we will have to acquire new customers on an ongoing basis just to maintain our existing
level of customers and revenues. As a result, marketing expenditures are an ongoing requirement of our business. We incur significant
costs to acquire new customers, and those costs are an important factor in determining our net profitability. Therefore, if we
are unsuccessful in retaining customers or are required to spend significant amounts to acquire new customers, our revenue could
decrease and our operating results could be affected. OmniMetrix
is a relatively small company with limited resources compared to some of its current and potential competitors, which may hinder
its ability to compete effectively. Some
of OmniMetrix’s current and potential competitors have significantly greater resources and broader name recognition than
it does. As a result, these competitors may have greater credibility with OmniMetrix’s existing and potential customers.
They also may be able to adopt more aggressive pricing policies and devote greater resources to the development, promotion and
sale of their products which would allow them to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies or changes in customer requirements.
In particular at the present time we are facing significant competition from generator manufacturers who offer their own monitoring
solutions. OmniMetrix
may not be able to access sufficient capital to support growth. Since
our acquisition of OmniMetrix in February 2012, we invested approximately $14.0 million and lent $1.55 million (through December
2014) to OmniMetrix to support its growth and working capital needs. OmniMetrix has been dependent on Acorn’s ability and
willingness to provide funding to support its business and growth strategy. OmniMetrix will continue to need funds in 2015. Whether
Acorn will have the resources necessary to provide funding, or whether alternative funds, such as third-party loans, will be available
at the time and on terms acceptable to Acorn and OmniMetrix cannot be determined. 26 Additional
support to OmniMetrix may be in the form of a bank line, new investment by others, additional investment by Acorn, or a combination
of the above. OmniMetrix was not successful in recent negotiations with commercial banks for a credit facility and we otherwise
have no assurance that additional support will be available in sufficient amounts, in a timely manner and on acceptable terms.
The availability and amount of any additional investment from Acorn may be limited by the investment and working capital needs
of our corporate activities and other operating companies. OmniMetrix
sells equipment and services which monitor third-party products, thus its revenues are dependent on the continued sales of such
third-party products. OmniMetrix’s
end-user customer base is comprised exclusively of parties who have chosen to purchase either generators or cathodic protection
systems. OmniMetrix has no ability to control the rate at which new generators or CaP protection systems are acquired. When purchases
of such products decline, the associated need for OmniMetrix’s products and services is expected to decline as well. If
OmniMetrix is unable to keep pace with changing market or customer-mandated product and service improvements, OmniMetrix’s
results of operations and financial condition may suffer. Many
of OmniMetrix’s existing products may require ongoing engineering and upgrades in conjunction with market developments as
well as specific customer needs. There can be no assurance that OmniMetrix will continue to be successful in its engineering efforts
regarding the development of its products and future technological difficulties could adversely affect its business, results of
operations and financial condition. The
cellular networks used by OmniMetrix are also subject to periodic technical updates that may require corresponding updates to,
or replacement of, OmniMetrix’s monitoring equipment. Cellular
networks have evolved over time to offer more robust technical capabilities in both voice and data transmission. At the present
time, the changes from the so-called “2G” to “3G” and “4G” service have resulted in only limited
service interruptions. OmniMetrix anticipates, however, that as these new capabilities come online, it will be necessary to have
equipment that can readily interface with the newer cellular networks to avoid negative impacts on customer service. Not all of
the costs associated with OmniMetrix’s corresponding equipment upgrades can be passed on to customers and the increased
expenses are expected to have a negative impact on OmniMetrix’s operating results. A
substantial portion of OmniMetrix’s revenues are expected to be generated not from product sales, but from periodic monitoring
fees and thus it is continually exposed to risks associated with its customers’ financial stability. OmniMetrix
sells on-going monitoring services to both PG and PM customers. It is therefore dependent on these customers continuing to timely
pay service fees on an on-going basis. If a significant portion of these fees are not renewed from year-to-year, OmniMetrix can
expect to experience deterioration in its financial condition. OmniMetrix’s
ability to provide, and to collect revenues from, monitoring services is dependent on the reliability of cellular networks not
controlled by OmniMetrix. OmniMetrix
provides monitoring services through the use of cellular technology utilizing the networks of third-party providers. These providers
generally do not warrant their services to either OmniMetrix or the end users and any dropped transmissions could result in the
loss of customer renewals and potential claims against OmniMetrix. While OmniMetrix uses contractual measures to limit its liability
to customers, there is no assurance that such limitations will be enforced or that customers will not cancel monitoring services
due to network issues. OmniMetrix’s
business is dependent on its ability to reliably store and manage data, but there can be no guarantee that it has sufficient capabilities
to mitigate potential data loss in all cases. The
efficient operation of OmniMetrix’s business is dependent on its information technology systems. In addition, OmniMetrix’s
ability to assist customers in analyzing data related to the performance of such customers’ power and cathodic protection
monitoring systems is an important component of its customer value proposition. OmniMetrix utilizes off-site data servers, housed
within a commercial data center utilizing accepted data and power monitoring and protection processes, but whether a data loss
can be avoided cannot be assured in every case. OmniMetrix’s information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or
interruption from natural disasters, sabotage (including theft and attacks by computer viruses or hackers), power outages; and
computer systems, Internet, telecommunications or data network failure. Any interruption of OmniMetrix’s information technology
systems could result in decreased revenue, increased expenses, increased capital expenditures, customer dissatisfaction and potential
lawsuits, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and financial condition. 27 RISKS
RELATED TO OUR SECURITIES Our
stock price is highly volatile. The
market price of our common stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and is likely to continue to be highly volatile and
subject to wide fluctuations. During 2014, our common stock closed at prices as low as $0.68 and as high as $4.50 per share. Fluctuations
in our stock price may continue to occur in response to various factors, many of which we cannot control, including: general economic
and political conditions and specific conditions in the markets we address, including the continued volatility in the energy industry
and the general economy; ● quarter-to-quarter variations in our operating results; ● announcements of changes in our senior management; ● the gain or loss of one or more significant customers or suppliers; ● announcements of technological innovations or new products by our competitors, customers or us; ● the gain or loss of market share in any of our markets; ● changes in accounting rules; ● changes in investor perceptions; or ● changes in expectations relating to our products, plans and strategic position or those of our competitors or customers. In
addition, the market prices of securities of energy related companies have been and remain volatile. This volatility has significantly
affected the market prices of securities of many companies for reasons frequently unrelated to the operating performance of the
specific companies. Our
share price may decline due to the large number of shares of our common stock eligible for future sale in the public market including
shares underlying warrants and options. Almost
all of our outstanding shares of common stock are, or could upon exercise of options or warrants would become, eligible for sale
in the public market as described below. Sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or
the possibility of these sales, may adversely affect our stock price. As
of March 23, 2015, 26,475,591 shares of our common stock were issued and outstanding. As of that date we had 2,642,423 warrants
outstanding and exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of $1.50 and 1,198,570 options outstanding and exercisable
with a weighted average exercise price of $5.25 per share, which if exercised would result in the issuance of additional shares
of our common stock. In addition to the options noted above, at March 16, 2015, 1,264,012 options are outstanding, but have not
yet vested and are not yet exercisable. Substantially
all of our currently outstanding shares and shares issuable under our outstanding options and warrants are or would be freely
tradable. We
may have to offer additional securities for sale in the near future. While
we raised $4.0 million of proceeds (net of transaction costs) in November 2014 and expect DSIT to have sufficient cash to support
Acorn and its GridSense and OmniMetrix subsidiaries in the near future, we may ultimately not have sufficient cash to allow us
to execute our plans and the occurrence of one or more other unanticipated events may require us to make significant expenditures.
Accordingly, we may need to raise additional amounts to finance our operations. If we were to do so by selling shares of our common
stock and/or other securities convertible into shares of our common stock, current investors will incur additional dilution in
the value of their shares. We
may be unable to raise capital by offering shares of our common stock because we do not currently have enough authorized shares
available for such a transaction. Under
our Certificate of Incorporation, we currently have only 3,524,409 authorized and unissued shares of common stock that would be
available for offering in a capital-raising transaction. This number of shares would not be sufficient for raising a significant
amount of capital by means of an offering of shares. In order to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock, our
Certificate of Incorporation would need to be amended, which may only be done by the vote of our stockholders. Calling a meeting
of our stockholders involves a significant amount of time and expense and, in any event, should such a meeting be called for the
purpose of increasing the number of authorized shares of common stock, there can be no assurance that our stockholders would vote
in favor of such a proposal. The fact that we do not currently have enough authorized shares available for a capital-raising transaction
may make us dependent on alternative means of raising capital in order to continue our operations, and there can be no assurance
that such alternative means may be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 28 Our
common stock may be delisted from Nasdaq, which may make it more difficult for you to sell your shares. In
January 2015, we received a letter from the Nasdaq Listings Qualification Staff stating that we are not in compliance with the
continued listing requirements of The Nasdaq Global Market because the bid price of our common stock had closed below the minimum
$1.00 per share requirement for 30 consecutive business days. We have been provided a period of 180 calendar days, or until July
13, 2015, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price rule. If at any time before July 13, 2015, the bid price of our common
stock closes at $1.00 per share or higher for a period determined by Nasdaq (which shall be a minimum of 10 consecutive business
days), Nasdaq will provide us with written notification that we are in compliance with the rule. In
the event we do not regain compliance with the rule, we may be eligible for an additional 180-day cure period. To qualify, we
must submit, no later than the expiration date, an application to transfer the listing of our securities from the Nasdaq Global
Market to the Nasdaq Capital Market. We would be required to meet the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly
held shares and all other initial listing standards for the Nasdaq Capital Market, with the exception of the bid price requirement,
and would need to provide written notice of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period by effecting
a reverse stock split if necessary. As part of its review process, the Staff would make a determination of whether it believes
we would be able to cure this deficiency. Should the Staff conclude that we will not be able to cure the deficiency, the Staff
would provide notice that our securities will be subject to delisting. We would have the right to appeal to a Nasdaq Hearings
Panel any determination to delist our securities. Our securities would remain listed on Nasdaq until the completion of this appeal
process. Delisting
of our common stock by Nasdaq would adversely affect the market price and liquidity of our common stock, your ability to sell
your shares of our common stock and our ability to raise capital. ITEM 1B