. Climate change legislation and greenhouse gas regulation. Studies over recent years have indicated that emissions of certain gases may be contributing to warming of the Earth’s atmosphere. In response to these studies, many nations have agreed to limit emissions of “greenhouse gases” or “GHGs” pursuant to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and the “Kyoto Protocol.” Methane, a primary component of natural gas, and carbon dioxide, a byproduct of the burning of oil, gas, and refined petroleum products, are considered “greenhouse gases” regulated by the Kyoto Protocol. Although the United States is not participating in the Kyoto Protocol, several states have adopted legislation and regulations to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases. Restrictions on emissions of methane or carbon dioxide that may be imposed in various states could adversely affect our operations and demand for our products. As a result of the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Massachusetts, et al. v. EPA , on December 7, 2009, the EPA issued a finding that serves as the foundation under the Clean Air Act to issue other rules that would result in federal greenhouse gas regulations and emissions limits under the Clean Air Act, even without Congressional action. As part of this array of new regulations, the EPA has issued a GHG monitoring and reporting rule that requires certain parties, including participants in the oil and gas industry, to monitor and report their GHG emissions, including methane and carbon dioxide, to the EPA. These regulations may apply to our operations. The EPA has adopted other rules that would regulate GHGs, one of which would regulate GHGs from stationary sources, and may affect sources in the oil and gas exploration and production industry and the pipeline industry. Moreover, in January 2015, the Obama Administration announced that it would directly regulate methane emissions from the oil and gas industry as part of its climate strategy. Additional rules from the EPA, BLM, and Department of Energy are expected under this methane plan. Although the announcement gave no details on the upcoming regulations, it warned that the oil and gas sector will need to reduce its methane emissions by 40 to 50 percent from 2012 emission levels by 2025. The EPA’s finding, the greenhouse gas reporting rule, the methane plan and the other rules to regulate the emissions of greenhouse gases may affect the cost of our operations and also affect the outcome of other climate change lawsuits pending in United States federal courts in a manner unfavorable to our industry. Although various climate change legislative measures have been under consideration by the U.S. Congress, it is not possible at this time to predict when, or if, Congress will act on climate change legislation. Finally, some states, either individually or through multi-state regional initiatives, have begun implementing legal measures to reduce emissions of GHGs, primarily through the planned development of emission inventories or regional greenhouse gas cap and trade programs. Depending on the particular jurisdiction of our operations, we could be required to purchase and surrender allowances for GHG emissions resulting from our operations. Any of the climate change regulatory and legislative initiatives described above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Additional information concerning climate change is included under Item 1A. related to risk factors. National Environmental Policy Act. Oil and gas exploration and production activities on federal lands are subject to the National Environmental Policy Act, which we refer to as NEPA. NEPA requires federal agencies, including the Department of Interior, to evaluate major agency actions having the potential to significantly impact the environment. In the course of such evaluations, an agency will prepare an Environmental Assessment that assesses the potential direct, indirect and cumulative impacts of a proposed project and, if necessary, will prepare a more detailed Environmental Impact Statement that may be made available for public review and comment. If we were to conduct any exploration and production activities on federal lands in the future, those activities would need to obtain governmental permits that are subject to the requirements of NEPA. This process has the potential to delay the development of oil and gas projects. 13 Table of Contents Endangered Species Act. The Endangered Species Act, which we refer to as the ESA, restricts activities that may affect endangered or threatened species or their habitats. While some of our properties may be located in areas that may be designated as habitat for endangered or threatened species, we believe that we are in substantial compliance with the ESA. Looking forward, we expect more listings of such species to occur, in light of consent decrees involving the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service which require the agency to decide whether or not to list, as endangered or threatened, approximately 251 candidate species by 2016. Included in this group are a number of terrestrial species, such as the lesser prairie chicken which, if listed, could include habitat in areas where we operate or plan to operate. Such listing of additional species, or the discovery of previously unidentified endangered or threatened species, could cause us to incur additional costs or become subject to operating restrictions, construction delays, or bans on operating in the affected areas. Abandonment Costs. All of our oil and gas wells will require proper plugging and abandonment at some time in the future. We have posted bonds with most regulatory agencies to ensure compliance with our plugging responsibility. Plugging and abandonment operations and associated reclamation of the surface site are important components of our environmental management system. We plan accordingly for the ultimate disposition of properties that are no longer producing. Title to Properties As is customary in the oil and gas industry, we make only a cursory review of title to undeveloped oil and gas leases at the time we acquire them. However, before drilling commences, we make a thorough title search, and any material defects in title are remedied prior to the time actual drilling of a well begins. To the extent title opinions or other investigations reflect title defects, we, rather than the seller/lessor of the undeveloped property, are typically obligated to cure any title defect at our expense. If we were unable to remedy or cure any title defect of a nature such that it would not be prudent to commence drilling operations on the property, we could suffer a loss of our entire investment in the property. We believe that we have good title to our properties, some of which are subject to immaterial encumbrances, easements and restrictions. The oil and gas properties we own are also typically subject to royalty and other similar non-cost bearing interests customary in the industry. We do not believe that any of these encumbrances or burdens will materially affect our ownership or use of our properties. Competition We operate in a highly competitive environment. The principal resources necessary for the exploration and production of oil and gas are leasehold prospects under which oil and gas reserves may be discovered, drilling rigs and related equipment and services to explore for such reserves and knowledgeable personnel to conduct all phases of oil and gas operations. We must compete for such resources with both major oil and gas companies and independent operators. Many of these competitors have financial and other resources substantially greater than ours. Although we believe our current operating and financial resources are adequate to preclude any significant disruption of our near term operations; however we cannot assure you that such materials and resources will be available to us in the future. Employees As of March 10, 2015, we had 123 full-time employees. We retain independent geological, land, marketing and engineering consultants from time to time and expect to continue to do so in the future. Available Information We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). You may read and copy any document we file with the SEC at the SEC’s public reference room at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for information on the public reference room. The SEC maintains an internet web site that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information that issuers (including Abraxas) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC’s web site is www.sec.gov . Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other reports and amendments filed with the SEC are available free of charge on our web site at www.abraxaspetroleum.com in the Investor Relations section as soon as practicable after such reports are filed. Information on our web site is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this report or any other filing that we make with the SEC. 14 Table of Contents Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Business A substantial or extended decline in oil and/or gas prices could have a material and adverse effect on us. Prices for oil and gas (including prices for NGL and condensate) fluctuate widely. For example, during 2014, daily settlement prices for New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX) for West Texas Intermediate prices ranged from a high of $107.26 per Bbl to a low of $53.27 per Bbl and NYMEX Henry Hub gas ranged from a high of $6.15 per MMBtu to a low of $2.89 per MMBtu. Among the factors that can or could cause these price fluctuations are: • the level of demand; • domestic and global supplies of oil, NGL and gas; • the price and quantity of imported and exported oil, NGL and gas; • the actions of other oil exporting nations • weather conditions and changes in weather patterns • the availability, proximity and capacity of appropriate transportation facilities, gathering, processing and compression facilities and refining facilities; • worldwide economic and political conditions, including political instability or armed conflict in oil and gas producing regions; • the price and availability of, and demand for, competing energy sources, including alternative energy sources; • the nature and extent of governmental regulation, including environmental regulation, regulation of derivatives transactions and hedging activities, tax laws and regulations and laws and regulations with respect to the import and export of oil, gas and related commodities; Our cash flows and results of operations depend to a great extent on the prevailing prices for oil and gas. Prolonged or substantial declines in oil and/or gas prices may materially and adversely affect our liquidity, the amount of cash flows we have available for our capital expenditures and other operating expenses, our ability to access the credit and capital markets and our results of operations. Lower oil and/or gas prices may also reduce the amount of oil and/or gas that we can produce economically. Sustained substantial declines in oil and/or gas prices may render uneconomic a significant portion of our exploration, development and exploitation projects, which may result in our having to make significant downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. As a result, a prolonged or substantial decline in oil and/or gas prices may materially and adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and ability to finance capital expenditures. Additionally, if we expect or experience significant sustained decreases in oil and gas prices such that the expected future cash flows from our oil and gas properties falls below the net book value of our properties, we may be required to write down the value of our oil and gas properties. Any such asset impairments could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and, in turn, the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to fund the capital expenditures that will be required for us to increase reserves and production. We must make capital expenditures to develop our existing reserves and to discover new reserves. Historically, we have financed our capital expenditures primarily with cash flow from operations, borrowings under credit facilities, sales of producing properties, and sales of debt and equity securities and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We cannot assure you that we will have sufficient capital resources in the future to finance all of our planned capital expenditures. Volatility in oil and gas prices, the timing of our drilling programs and drilling results will affect our cash flow from operations. Lower prices and/or lower production could also decrease revenues and cash flow, thus reducing the amount of financial resources available to meet our capital requirements, including reducing the amount available to pursue our drilling opportunities. If 15 Table of Contents our cash flow from operations does not increase as a result of planned capital expenditures, a greater percentage of our cash flow from operations will be required for debt service and operating expenses and our planned capital expenditures would, by necessity, be decreased. The borrowing base under our credit facility is determined from time to time by the lenders. Reductions in estimates of oil and gas reserves could result in a reduction in the borrowing base, which would reduce the amount of financial resources available under our credit facility to meet our capital requirements and/or trigger certain repayment obligations. Such a reduction could be the result of lower commodity prices and/or production, an inability to drill or unfavorable drilling results, changes in oil and gas reserve engineering, the lenders’ inability to agree to an adequate borrowing base or adverse changes in the lenders’ practices regarding estimation of reserves. If cash flows from operations or our borrowing base decrease for any reason, our ability to undertake exploration and development activities could be adversely affected. As a result, our ability to replace production may be limited. In addition, if the borrowing base under our credit facility is reduced, we could be required to reduce borrowings under our credit facility so that such borrowings do not exceed the borrowing base. This could further reduce the cash available to us for capital spending and, if we did not have sufficient capital to reduce our borrowing level, we may be in default under the credit facility. We have sold producing properties to provide us with liquidity and capital resources in the past and we may continue to do so in the future. After any such sale, we would expect to utilize the proceeds to reduce our indebtedness and to drill new wells on our remaining properties. If we cannot replace the properties sold with production from our remaining properties, our cash flows from operations will likely decrease, which in turn, could decrease the amount of cash available for additional capital spending. Restrictive debt covenants could limit our growth and our ability to finance our operations, fund our capital needs, respond to changing conditions and engage in other business activities that may be in our best interests. Our credit facility contains a number of significant covenants that, among other things, limit our ability to: • incur or guarantee additional indebtedness and issue certain types of preferred stock or redeemable stock; • transfer or sell assets; • create liens on assets; • pay dividends or make other distributions on capital stock or make other restricted payments, including repurchasing, redeeming or retiring capital stock or subordinated debt or making certain investments or acquisitions; • engage in transactions with affiliates; • guarantee other indebtedness; • make any change in the principal nature of our business; • permit a change of control; or • consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets. In addition, our credit facility requires us to maintain compliance with specified financial covenants. Our ability to comply with these covenants may be adversely affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you that we can maintain compliance with these covenants. These financial covenants could limit our ability to obtain future financings, make needed capital expenditures, withstand a future downturn in our business or the economy in general or otherwise conduct necessary or desirable business activities. A breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under our credit facility. A default, if not cured or waived, could result in all of our indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable. If that should occur, we may not be able to pay all such debt or to borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. Even if new financing were then available, it may not be on terms acceptable or favorable to us. We may be unable to acquire or develop additional reserves, in which case our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 16 Table of Contents Our future oil and gas production, and therefore our success, is highly dependent upon our ability to find, acquire and develop additional reserves that are profitable to produce. The rate of production from our oil and gas properties and our proved reserves will decline as our reserves are produced. Unless we acquire additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct successful development and exploration activities or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, we cannot assure you that our exploration and development activities will result in increases in our proved reserves. Based on the reserve information set forth in our reserve report as of December 31, 2014, our average annual estimated decline rate for our net proved developed producing reserves is 12% during the first five years, 8% in the next five years, and approximately 6% thereafter. These rates of decline are estimates and actual production declines could be materially higher. While we have had some success in finding, acquiring and developing additional reserves, we have not always been able to fully replace the production volumes lost from natural field declines and prior property sales. As our proved reserves and consequently our production decline, our cash flow from operations, and the amount that we are able to borrow under our credit facility could also decline. In addition, approximately 58% of our total estimated proved reserves at December 31, 2014 were classified as undeveloped. By their nature, estimates of undeveloped reserves are less certain. Recovery of such reserves will require significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. Even if we are successful in our development efforts, it could take several years for a significant portion of these undeveloped reserves to generate positive cash flow. We may not find any commercially productive oil and gas reservoirs. Drilling involves numerous risks, including the risk that the new wells we drill will be unproductive or that we will not recover all or any portion of our capital investment. Drilling for oil and gas may be unprofitable. Wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient net revenues after drilling, operating and other costs are unprofitable. The inherent risk of not finding commercially productive reservoirs is compounded by the fact that 58% of our total estimated proved reserves as of December 31, 2014 were classified as undeveloped. By their nature, estimates of undeveloped reserves are less certain. Recovery of such reserves will require significant capital expenditures and successful drilling and completion operations. In addition, our properties may be susceptible to drainage from production by other operations on adjacent properties. If the volume of oil and gas we produce decreases, our cash flow from operations may decrease. The results of our drilling in unconventional formations, principally in emerging plays with limited drilling and production history using long laterals and modern completion techniques, are subject to more uncertainties than our drilling program in the more established plays and may not meet our expectations for reserves or production. We drill wells in unconventional formations in several emerging plays. Part of our drilling strategy to maximize recoveries from these formations involves the drilling of long horizontal laterals and the use of modern completion techniques of multi-stage fracture stimulations that have proven to be successful in other basins. Risks that we face include landing our well bore in the desired drilling zone, staying in the desired drilling zone, running casing the entire length of the well bore and being able to run tools and recover equipment the entire length of the well bore during completion. Our experience with horizontal drilling and multi-stage fracture stimulations of these formations to date, as well as the industry’s drilling and production history in these formations, is relatively limited. The ultimate success of these drilling and completion strategies and techniques will be better evaluated over time as more wells are drilled and longer term production profiles are established. In addition, based on reported decline rates in these emerging plays as well as the industry’s experience in these formations, we estimate that the average monthly rates of production may decline as much as 95% during the first twelve months of production. Actual decline rates may differ significantly. Accordingly, the results of our drilling in these unconventional formations are more uncertain than drilling results in other more established plays with longer reserve and production histories. We may not adhere to our proposed drilling schedule. Our final determination of whether to drill any scheduled or budgeted wells will be dependent on a number of factors, including: • the availability and costs of drilling and service equipment and crews; • economic and industry conditions at the time of drilling; • prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and gas; • the availability of sufficient capital resources; • the results of our exploitation efforts; • the acquisition, review and interpretation of seismic data; • our ability to obtain permits for and to access drilling locations; • continuous drilling obligations; and 17 Table of Contents • lease expirations. Although we have identified or budgeted for numerous drilling locations, we may not be able to drill those locations within our expected time frame or at all. In addition, our drilling schedule may vary from our expectations because of future uncertainties. We have indebtedness which may adversely affect our cash flow and business operations . At December 31, 2014, we had a total of $70.0 million of indebtedness under our credit facility and total indebtedness of $78.8 million (including the current portion). Our indebtedness could have important consequences to us, including: • effecting our ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes which may be impaired or not available on favorable terms; • covenants contained in our credit facility and future debt arrangements will require us to meet financial tests that may affect our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business, including future business opportunities; • we may need a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make principal and interest payments on our indebtedness, reducing the funds that would otherwise be available for operations and future business opportunities; and • our level of indebtedness will make us more vulnerable to competitive pressures if there is a downturn in our business or the economy in general, than our competitors with less debt. Our ability to service our indebtedness will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If our operating results are not sufficient to service our current or future indebtedness, we will be forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital expenditures, acquisitions and/or selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness or seeking additional debt or equity capital or bankruptcy protection. We may not be able to affect any of these remedies on satisfactory terms or at all. A breach of the terms and conditions of our credit facility, including the inability to comply with the required financial covenants, could result in an event of default. If an event of default occurs (after any applicable notice and cure periods), the lenders would be entitled to terminate any commitment to make further extensions of credit under our credit facility and to accelerate the repayment of amounts outstanding (including accrued and unpaid interest and fees). Upon a default under our credit facility, the lenders could also foreclose against any collateral securing such obligations, which may be all or substantially all of our assets. If that occurred, we may not be able to continue to operate as a going concern. We cannot control the activities on the properties we do not operate and are unable to ensure their proper operation and profitability. We currently do not operate all of the properties in which we have an interest. As a result, we have limited ability to exercise influence over and control the risks associated with operation of these properties. The failure of an operator to adequately perform operations, an operator’s breach of the applicable agreements or an operator’s failure to act in our best interests could reduce our production and revenues. The success and timing of our drilling and development activities on properties operated by others therefore depends upon a number of factors outside of our control, including: • the operator could refuse to initiate exploitation or development projects and if we proceed with any of those projects, we may not receive any funding from the operator with respect to that project; • the operator may initiate exploitation or development projects on a different schedule than we would prefer; • the operator may propose greater capital expenditures than we wish, including expenditures to drill more wells or build more facilities on a project than we have funds for, which may mean that we cannot participate in those projects and thus, not participate in the associated revenue stream; and • the operator may not have sufficient expertise or resources. Any of these events could significantly and adversely affect our anticipated exploitation and development activities. Seasonal weather conditions and other factors could adversely affect our ability to conduct drilling activities. 18 Table of Contents Our operations could be adversely affected by weather conditions and wildlife restrictions on federal leases. In the Williston and the Powder River Basins, drilling and other oil and gas activities cannot be conducted as effectively during the winter and spring months. Winter and severe weather conditions limit and may temporarily halt the ability to operate during such conditions. These constraints and the resulting shortages or high costs could delay or temporarily halt our oil and gas operations and materially increase our operating and capital costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The lack of availability or high cost of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, personnel and oil field services could adversely affect our ability to execute our exploitation and development plans on a timely basis and within our budget. Our industry is cyclical and, from time to time, there is a shortage of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, oil field services or qualified personnel. During these periods, the costs and delivery times of rigs, equipment and supplies are substantially greater. In addition, the demand for, and wage rates of, qualified drilling rig crews rise as the number of active rigs in service increases. During times and in areas of increased activity, the demand for oilfield services will also likely rise, and the costs of these services will likely increase, while the quality of these services may suffer. If the lack of availability or high cost of drilling rigs, equipment, supplies, oil field services or qualified personnel were particularly severe in any of our areas of operation, we could be materially and adversely affected. Delays could also have an adverse effect on our results of operations, including the timing of the initiation of production from new wells. Our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or cancelled as a result of a variety of factors that are beyond our control. Our drilling operations are subject to a number of risks, including: • unexpected drilling conditions; • facility or equipment failure or accidents; • adverse weather conditions; • title problems; • unusual or unexpected geological formations; • fires, blowouts and explosions; and • uncontrollable flows of oil or gas or well fluids. Any of these events could adversely affect our ability to conduct operations or cause substantial losses, including personal injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution or other environmental contamination, loss of wells, regulatory penalties, suspension of operations, and attorney’s fees and other expenses incurred in the prosecution or defense of litigation. We do not insure against all potential operating risks. We might incur substantial losses from, and be subject to substantial liability claims for, uninsured or underinsured risks related to our oil and gas operations. We do not insure against all risks. Our oil and gas exploitation and production activities are subject to hazards and risks associated with drilling for, producing and transporting oil and gas, and any of these risks can cause substantial losses resulting from: • environmental hazards, such as uncontrollable flows of oil, gas, brine, well fluids, toxic gas or other pollution into the environment, including groundwater, shoreline contamination, underground migration and surface spills or mishandling of chemical additives; • abnormally pressured formations; • mechanical difficulties, such as stuck oil field drilling and service tools and casing collapse; • leaks of gas, oil, condensate, NGL and other hydrocarbons or losses of these hydrocarbons as a result of accidents during drilling and completion operations, or in the gathering and transportation of hydrocarbons, malfunctions of pipelines, measurement equipment or processing or other facilities in the Company’s operations or at delivery points to third parties; • fires and explosions; 19 Table of Contents • personal injuries and death; • regulatory investigations and penalties; and • natural disasters. We might elect not to obtain insurance if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. Losses and liabilities arising from uninsured and underinsured events or in amounts in excess of existing insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Hydraulic fracturing, the process used for extracting oil and gas from shale and other formations, has recently come under increased scrutiny and could be the subject of further regulation that could impact the timing and cost of development. Hydraulic fracturing is the primary completion method used to extract reserves located in many of the unconventional oil and gas plays. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure, usually down tubing or casing that is cemented in the wellbore, into prospective rock formations at depth to stimulate oil and gas production. We use this completion technique on substantially all of our wells. Depending on the legislation that may ultimately be enacted or the regulations that may be adopted at the federal and state levels, exploration, exploitation and production activities that entail hydraulic fracturing could be subject to additional regulation and permitting requirements. Some states in which we operate, including Texas, have recently implemented disclosure requirements related to chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing, and the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Land Management (“BLM”) is expected to finalize regulations in 2015 governing hydraulic fracturing on federal and tribal lands, including requiring chemical disclosure. Individually or collectively, such existing and new legislation or regulation could lead to operational delays or increased operating costs and could result in additional burdens that could increase the costs and delay the development of unconventional oil and gas resources from formations which are not commercial without the use of hydraulic fracturing. This could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and gas commissions; however, the EPA has asserted federal regulatory authority over hydraulic fracturing involving diesel fuels under the Underground Injection Control Program established under the Safe Drinking Water Act, or SDWA, and published draft permitting guidance in February 2014 addressing the performance of such activities. In May 2014, EPA announced its intent to initiate rulemaking regulations under the Toxic Substances Control Act to obtain data on chemical substances and mixtures used in hydraulic fracturing. In August 2012, the EPA published final rules under the CAA, which became effective October 15, 2012, that, among other things, require producers to reduce volatile organic compound emissions from certain subcategories of fractured and refractured gas wells for which well completion operations are being conducted by routing flowback emissions to a gathering line or capturing and combusting flowback emissions using a combustion device, such as a flare, until January 1, 2015 or performing reduced emission completions, also known as “green completions,” with or without combustion devices, on or after January 1, 2015. Additional regulation on air emissions resulting from hydraulic fracturing operations could result from EPA’s proposal of a new, more stringent, ozone standard if this standard is ultimately adopted and implemented by EPA. In January 2015, the Obama Administration also announced its intent to directly regulate methane emissions from the oil and gas industry. In addition, the U.S. Congress, from time to time, has considered adopting legislation intended to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing and to require disclosure of the chemicals used in the hydraulic-fracturing process. In the event that a new federal level of legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process is adopted in areas where we currently or in the future plan to operate, we may incur additional costs to comply with such federal requirements that may be significant in nature, become subject to additional permitting requirements and experience added delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development or production activities. Certain states in which we operate, including Texas, have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, regulations that could impose new or more stringent permitting, disclosures, and/or well-construction requirements on hydraulic-fracturing operations. For example, Texas adopted a law in June 2011 requiring disclosure to the Texas Railroad Commission and the public disclosure of certain information regarding the components used in the hydraulic-fracturing process. In addition to state laws, local land use restrictions, such as city ordinances, may restrict or prohibit drilling in general or hydraulic fracturing in particular. In some states, including Texas, water use may also be regulated and potentially curtailed by local groundwater management districts which could impact water available for hydraulic fracturing. We believe that we follow applicable standard industry practices and legal requirements for groundwater protection in our hydraulic fracturing activities. Nonetheless, in the event state or local restrictions are adopted in areas where we are currently conducting, or in the future plan to conduct operations, we may incur additional costs to comply with such requirements that may be significant in nature, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development, or production activities, and perhaps be limited or precluded in the drilling of wells or in the amounts that we are ultimately able to produce from our reserves. 20 Table of Contents Certain governmental reviews were recently conducted or are underway that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. The White House Council on Environmental Quality is coordinating an administration-wide review of hydraulic fracturing practices, and the EPA has commenced a study of the potential environmental effects of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water and groundwater, with a first progress report released by the agency on December 21, 2012 and a final report expected to be available for public comment and peer review by early 2015. Moreover, in early 2015, the EPA is expected to propose effluent limitations for the treatment and discharge of wastewater resulting from hydraulic fracturing activities. Other governmental agencies, including the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Department of the Interior, are evaluating various other aspects of hydraulic fracturing. These studies, or future studies, depending on their degree of pursuit and any meaningful results obtained, could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic fracturing under the SDWA or other regulatory mechanisms. See “Item 1. Business – Environmental Matters – Hydraulic Fracturing ” above for additional discussion related to environmental risks associated with our hydraulic fracturing activities. We face various risks associated with the trend toward increased anti-development activity. As new technologies have been applied to our industry, we have seen significant growth in oil and gas supply in recent years, particularly in the US. With this expansion of oil and gas development activity, opposition toward oil and gas drilling and development activity has been growing both in the U.S. and globally. Companies in the oil and gas industry, such as us, can be the target of opposition to development from certain stakeholder groups. These anti-development efforts could be focused on: • limiting oil and gas development; • reducing access to federal and state owned lands; • delaying or canceling certain projects such as offshore drilling, shale development, and pipeline construction; • limiting or banning the use of hydraulic fracturing; • denying air-quality permits for drilling; and • advocating for increased regulations on shale drilling and hydraulic fracturing. Future anti-development efforts could result in the following: • blocked development; • denial or delay of drilling permits; • shortening of lease terms or reduction in lease size; • restrictions on installation or operation of gathering or processing facilities; • restrictions on the use of certain operating practices, such as hydraulic fracturing; • reduced access to water supplies or restrictions on water disposal; • limited access or damage to or destruction of our property; • legal challenges or lawsuits; • increased regulation of our business; • damaging publicity and reputational harm; • increased costs of doing business; • reduction in demand for our products; and • other adverse effects on our ability to develop our properties and expand production. 21 Table of Contents Our need to incur costs associated with responding to these initiatives or complying with any new legal or regulatory requirements resulting from these activities that are substantial and not adequately provided for, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the use of social media channels can be used to cause rapid, widespread reputational harm. The marketability of our production depends largely upon the availability, proximity and capacity of oil and gas gathering systems, pipelines and processing facilities. The marketability of our production depends in part upon processing and transportation facilities. Transportation space on such gathering systems and pipelines is occasionally limited and at times unavailable due to repairs or improvements being made to such facilities or due to such space being utilized by other companies with priority transportation agreements. Our access to transportation options can also be affected by federal and state, regulation of oil and gas production and transportation, general economic conditions and changes in supply and demand. These factors and the availability of markets are beyond our control. If our access to these transportation options dramatically changes, the financial impact on us could be substantial and adversely affect our ability to produce and market our oil and gas. An increase in the differential between NYMEX and the reference or regional index price used to price our oil and gas would reduce our cash flow from operations. Our oil and gas is priced in the local markets where it is produced based on local or regional supply and demand factors. The prices we receive for our oil and gas are typically lower than the relevant benchmark prices, such as NYMEX. The difference between the benchmark price and the price we receive is called a differential. Numerous factors may influence local pricing, such as refinery capacity, location to market, product quality, pipeline capacity and specifications, upsets in the midstream or downstream sectors of the industry, trade restrictions and governmental regulations. Additionally, insufficient pipeline capacity, lack of demand in any given operating area or other factors may cause the differential to increase in a particular area compared with other producing areas. For example, production increases from competing Canadian and Rocky Mountain producers, combined with limited refining and pipeline capacity in the Rocky Mountain area, have gradually widened differentials in this area. During 2014, differentials averaged $(10.49) per Bbl of oil and $(0.09) per Mcf of gas. Approximately 57% of our oil and NGL production during 2014 was from the Rocky Mountain region. Historically, this region has experienced wider differentials than our Permian Basin and Gulf Coast properties. If the percentage of our production from the Rocky Mountain region continues to increase, we expect that our price differentials will also increase. Increases in the differential between the benchmark prices for oil and gas and the realized price we receive could significantly reduce our revenues and our cash flow from operations. Our derivative contracts could result in financial losses or could reduce our cash flow. To achieve more predictable cash flow and reduce our exposure to adverse fluctuations in the prices of oil and gas, we enter into derivative contracts, which we sometimes refer to as hedging arrangements, for a significant portion of our oil and gas production that could result in both realized and unrealized derivative contract losses. We have entered into NYMEX-based fixed price commodity swap arrangements on approximately 30% of the oil production of our estimated net proved developed producing reserves (as of December 31, 2014) through December 31, 2015, 42% in 2016 and 27% for 2017. In addition, approximately 17% of 2015 gas production of our estimated net proved developed producing reserves (as of December 31, 2014) is hedged. Any new hedging arrangements will be priced at then-current market prices and may be significantly lower than the commodity swaps we currently have in place. The extent of our commodity price exposure will be related largely to the effectiveness and scope of our commodity price derivative contracts. For example, the prices utilized in our derivative contracts are currently NYMEX-based, which may differ significantly from the actual prices we receive for oil and gas which are based on the local markets where the oil and gas is produced. The prices that we receive for our oil and gas production are typically lower than the relevant benchmark prices that are used for calculating commodity derivative positions. The difference between the benchmark price and the price we receive is called a differential, a significant portion of which is based on the delivery location which is called the basis differential. As a result, our cash flow from operations could be affected if the basis differentials widen more than we anticipate. We currently do not have any basis differential hedging arrangements in place. Our cash flow from operations could also be affected based upon the levels of our production. If production is higher than we estimate, we will have greater commodity price exposure than we intended. If production is lower than the nominal amount that is subject to our hedging arrangements, we may be forced to satisfy all or a portion of our hedging arrangements without the benefit of the cash flow from our sale of the underlying physical commodity, resulting in a substantial reduction in cash flows. If the prices at which we hedge our oil and gas production are less than current market prices, our cash flow opportunity from operations could be adversely affected. 22 Table of Contents When our derivative contract prices are higher than market prices, we will incur realized and unrealized gains on our derivative contracts and conversely, when our contract prices are lower than market prices, we will incur realized and unrealized losses. For the year ended December 31, 2014, we recognized a realized gain on oil and gas derivative contracts of $0.4 million and an unrealized gain of $24.9 million . The realized gain resulted in an increase in cash flow from operations. We expect to continue to enter into similar hedging arrangements in the future to reduce our cash flow volatility. We cannot assure you that the derivative contracts that we have entered into, or will enter into, will adequately protect us from financial loss in the future due to circumstances such as: • highly volatile oil and gas prices; • our production being less than expected; or • a counterparty to one of our hedging transactions defaulting on its contractual obligations. The counterparties to our derivative contracts may be unable to perform their obligations to us which could adversely affect our cash flow. At times when market prices are lower than our derivative contract prices, we are entitled to cash payments from the counterparties to our derivative contracts. Any number of factors may adversely affect the ability of our counterparties to fulfill their contractual obligations to us. If one of our counterparties is unable or unwilling to make the required payments to us, it could adversely affect our cash flow. Potential regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act regarding derivatives could adversely impact our ability to engage in commodity price risk management activities. On July 21, 2010, Congress enacted the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, or the Dodd-Frank Act, which imposes a comprehensive regulatory scheme significantly impacting companies engaged in over-the-counter swap transactions. The Dodd-Frank Act generally applies to “swaps” entered into by “major swap participants” and/or “swap dealers,” each as defined in the Dodd-Frank Act. A swap is very broadly defined in the Dodd-Frank Act and includes an energy commodity swap. A swap dealer includes an entity that regularly enters into swaps with counterparties as an “ordinary course of business for its own account.” Furthermore, a person may qualify as a major swap participant if it maintains a “substantial position” in outstanding swaps, other than swaps used for “hedging or mitigating commercial risk” or whose positions create substantial exposure to its counterparties or the U.S. financial system. The Dodd-Frank Act subjects swap dealers and major swap participants to substantial supervision and regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the CFTC, including capital standards, margin requirements, business conduct standards, and recordkeeping and reporting requirements. The CFTC recently promulgated regulations to set position limits for certain futures and option contracts in the major energy markets and for swaps that are their economic equivalents. Certain bona fide hedging transactions or positions would be exempt from these position limits. Position limits for spot month limits became effective on October 12, 2012 while non-spot limits for energy-related commodities are not expected to be effective until early 2015. The CFTC also has proposed regulations to establish minimum capital and margin requirements, as well as clearing and trade-execution requirements in connection with certain derivative activities, although it’s not possible at this time to predict whether or when the CFTC will adopt those rules or include comparable provisions in its rule making under Dodd Frank. In addition, the CFTC’s regulations adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act impose certain record keeping and transactional reporting requirements that may be burdensome and costly to us and to the counterparties to our commodity derivative contracts. The new legislation and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of some commodity derivative contracts (including through requirements to post collateral or provide other credit support, which could adversely affect our available liquidity), materially alter the terms of some commodity derivative contracts, reduce the availability of some derivatives to protect against risks we encounter, reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing commodity derivative contracts and increase our exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the new legislation and regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Increased volatility may make us less attractive to certain types of investors. Finally, the Dodd-Frank Act was intended, in part, to reduce volatility of oil and gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and gas. If the new legislation and regulations result in lower commodity prices, our revenues could be adversely affected. Any of these consequences could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Lower oil and gas prices increase the risk of ceiling limitation write-downs. 23 Table of Contents We use the full cost method to account for our oil and gas operations. Accordingly, we capitalize the cost to acquire, explore for and develop our oil and gas properties. Under full cost accounting rules, the net capitalized cost of our oil and gas properties may not exceed a “ceiling limit” which is based upon the present value of estimated future net cash flows from our proved reserves, discounted at 10%. If the net capitalized costs of our oil and gas properties exceed the ceiling limit, we must charge the amount of the excess to earnings. This is called a “ceiling limitation write-down.” This charge does not impact cash flow from operating activities, but it does reduce our stockholders’ equity and earnings. The risk that we will be required to write-down the carrying value of our oil and gas properties increases when oil and gas prices are low, which could be further impacted by the SEC’s modernized oil and gas reporting disclosures, which require us to use an average price over the prior 12-month period, rather than the year-end price, when calculating the PV-10. In addition, write-downs may occur if we experience substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. An expense recorded in one period may not be reversed in a subsequent period even though oil and gas prices may have increased the ceiling applicable in the subsequent period. At December 31, 2013 and 2014, the net capitalized costs of our oil and gas properties did not exceed the present value of our estimated proved reserves. If commodity prices remain at depressed levels or decrease further, we could be required to write down the carrying value of our reserves during 2015 which would also reduce our net income. Use of our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited. At December 31, 2014, we had, subject to the limitation discussed below, $145.5 million of net operating loss carryforwards for U.S. tax purposes. The loss carryforwards will expire in varying amounts through 2034, if not otherwise used. The use of our net operating loss carryforwards may be limited if an “ownership change” of over 50 percentage points occurs during any three-year period. Based on current estimates, we believe that we have not surpassed this threshold. Additionally, uncertainties exist as to the future utilization of the operating loss carryforwards. Therefore, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification ("ASC") 740-10, we have established a valuation allowance of $60.1 million at December 31, 2014. Cyber attacks targeting systems and infrastructure used by the oil and gas industry may adversely impact our operations. Our business has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development and production activities. We depend on digital technology to estimate quantities of oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, and communicate with our employees and third-party partners. Unauthorized access to our seismic data, reserves information or other proprietary information could lead to data corruption, communication interruption, or other operational disruptions in our exploration or production operations. In addition, computer technology controls nearly all of the oil and gas distribution systems in the United States and abroad, which are necessary to transport our production to market. A cyber attack directed at oil and gas distribution systems could damage critical distribution and storage assets or the environment, delay or prevent delivery of production to markets and make it difficult or impossible to accurately account for production and settle transactions. While we have not experienced significant cyber attacks, we may suffer such losses in the future. We did have a cyber attack in 2010 relating to electronic bank transfers, although the monetary loss was very minimal, additional procedures were implemented to safeguard against future cyber attacks. Further, as cyber attacks continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber attacks. We rely on independent experts and technical or operational service providers over whom we may have limited control. We use independent contractors to provide us with certain technical assistance and services. We rely upon the owners and operators of rigs and drilling equipment, and upon providers of field services, to drill and develop our prospects to production. We also rely upon the services of other third parties to explore and/or analyze our prospects to determine a method in which the prospects may be developed in a cost-effective manner. Our limited control over the activities and business practices of these service providers, any inability on our part to maintain satisfactory commercial relationships with them or their failure to provide quality services could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We depend on our President, CEO and Chairman of the Board and the loss of his services could have an adverse effect on our operations. We depend to a large extent on Robert L.G. Watson, our President and Chief Executive Officer, for our management and business and financial contacts. Mr. Watson may terminate his employment agreement with us at any time on 30 days' notice, but, 24 Table of Contents if he terminates without cause, he would not be entitled to the severance benefits provided under the terms of that agreement. Mr. Watson is not precluded from working for, with or on behalf of a competitor upon termination of his employment with us. If Mr. Watson were no longer able or willing to act as President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, the loss of his services could have an adverse effect on our operations. Risks Related to Our Industry Market conditions for oil and gas, and particularly volatility of prices for oil and gas, could adversely affect our revenue, cash flows, profitability and growth. Our revenue, cash flows, profitability and future rate of growth depend substantially upon prevailing prices for oil and gas. Prices also affect the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise additional capital. Lower prices may also make it uneconomical for us to increase or even continue current production levels of oil and gas. Prices for oil and gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply and demand for oil and gas, market uncertainty and a variety of other factors beyond our control, including: • changes in foreign and domestic supply and demand for oil and gas; • political stability and economic conditions in oil producing countries, particularly in the Middle East; • weather conditions; • price and level of foreign imports; • terrorist activity; • availability of pipeline and other secondary capacity; • general economic conditions; • domestic and foreign governmental regulation; and • the price and availability of alternative fuel sources. Estimates of proved reserves and future net revenue are inherently imprecise. The process of estimating oil and gas reserves in accordance with SEC requirements is complex and involves decisions and assumptions in evaluating the available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. Accordingly, these estimates are imprecise. Actual future production, oil and gas prices, revenues, taxes, capital expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil and gas reserves most likely will vary from those estimated. Any significant variance could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves. In addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and development, prevailing oil and gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. The estimates of our reserves as of December 31, 2014 are based upon various assumptions about future production levels, prices and costs that may not prove to be correct over time. In particular, estimates of oil and gas reserves, future net revenue from proved reserves and the PV-10 thereof for our oil and gas properties are based on the assumption that future oil and gas prices remain the same as the twelve month first-day-of-the-month average oil and gas prices for the year ended December 31, 2014. The average realized sales prices as of such date used for purposes of such estimates were $5.15 per Mcf of gas and $87.11 per Bbl of oil. The December 31, 2014 estimates also assume that we will make future capital expenditures of approximately $557.8 million in the aggregate primarily from 2015 through 2019, which are necessary to develop and realize the value of proved reserves on our properties. In addition, approximately 58% of our total estimated proved reserves as of December 31, 2014 were classified as undeveloped. By their nature, estimates of undeveloped reserves are less certain than proved developed reserves. Any significant variance in actual results from these assumptions could also materially affect the estimated quantity and value of our reserves set forth or incorporated by reference in this report. The present value of future net cash flows from our proved reserves is not necessarily the same as the current market value of our estimated reserves. Any material inaccuracies in our reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. As required by SEC regulations, we based the estimated discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves as of December 31, 2014 on the twelve month first-day-of-the-month average oil and gas prices for the year ended December 31, 2014 25 Table of Contents and costs in effect on December 31, 2014, the date of the estimate. However, actual future net cash flows from our properties will be affected by factors such as: • supply of and demand for our oil and gas; • actual prices we receive for our oil and gas; • our actual operating costs; • the amount and timing of our capital expenditures; • the amount and timing of our actual production; and • changes in governmental regulations or taxation. In addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flow, which is required by the SEC, may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and gas industry in general. Any material inaccuracies in our reserve estimates or underlying assumptions will materially affect the quantities and present value of our reserves, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are subject to the numerous risks of oil and gas drilling and production activities. Our oil and gas drilling and production activities are subject to numerous risks, many of which are beyond our control. These risks include the risk of fire, explosions, blow-outs, pipe failure, abnormally pressured formations and environmental hazards. Environmental hazards include oil spills, gas leaks, ruptures, discharges of toxic gases, underground migration and surface spills or mishandling of any toxic fracture fluids, including chemical additives. In addition, title problems, weather conditions and mechanical difficulties or shortages or delays in delivery of drilling rigs and other equipment could negatively affect our operations. If any of these or other similar industry operating risks occur, we could have substantial losses. Substantial losses also may result from injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property, clean-up responsibilities, environmental damage, regulatory investigation and penalties and suspension of operations. In accordance with industry practice, we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks described above. We cannot assure you that our insurance will be adequate to cover losses or liabilities. Also, we cannot predict the continued availability of insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase. We operate in a highly competitive industry which may adversely affect our operations. We operate in a highly competitive environment. The principal resources necessary for the exploration and production of oil and gas are leasehold prospects under which oil and gas reserves may be discovered, drilling rigs and related equipment to explore for such reserves and knowledgeable personnel to conduct all phases of operations. We must compete for such resources with both major oil and gas companies and independent operators. Many of these competitors have financial and other resources substantially greater than ours. Although we believe our current operating and financial resources are adequate to preclude any significant disruption of our operations, we cannot assure you that such resources will be available to us in the future. Our oil and gas operations are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local regulations that materially affect our operations. In the oil and gas industry, matters regulated include permits for drilling and completion operations, drilling and abandonment bonds, reports concerning operations, the spacing of wells and unitization and pooling of properties and taxation. At various times, regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations on production. In order to conserve supplies of oil and gas, these agencies have restricted the rates of flow from oil and gas wells below actual production capacity. U.S. federal, state and local laws regulate production, handling, storage, transportation and disposal of oil and gas by-products and other substances and materials produced or used in connection with oil and gas operations. To date, our expenditures related to complying with these laws and for remediation of existing environmental contamination have not been significant. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. However, the requirements of such laws and regulations are frequently changed. We cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these requirements or their effect on our operations. Proposed federal legislation concerning tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and gas drilling may adversely affect our net earnings. Congress has recently considered, is considering, and may continue to consider, legislation that, if adopted in its proposed or similar form, would deprive some companies involved in oil and gas exploration and production activities in certain U.S. federal 26 Table of Contents income tax incentives and deductions currently available to such companies. These changes include, but are not limited to (i) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance for oil and gas properties, (ii) the elimination of current deductions for intangible drilling and development costs, (iii) the elimination of the deduction for certain domestic production activities and (iv) an extension of the amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures. It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective and whether such changes may apply retroactively. Although we are unable to predict whether any of these or other proposals will ultimately be enacted, the passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals or any other similar changes to U.S. federal income tax laws could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions that are currently available to us, and any such change could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. Possible regulation related to global warming and climate change could have an adverse effect on our operations and demand for oil and gas. Studies over recent years have indicated that emissions of certain gases may be contributing to warming of the Earth’s atmosphere. In response to these studies, governments have begun adopting domestic and international climate change regulations that requires reporting and reductions of the emission of greenhouse gases. Methane, a primary component of gas, and carbon dioxide, a by-product of the burning of oil, gas and refined petroleum products, are considered greenhouse gases. Internationally, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the Kyoto Protocol address greenhouse gas emissions, and several countries including the European Union have established greenhouse gas regulatory systems. In the United States, at the state level, several states, either individually or through multi-state regional initiatives, have begun implementing legal measures to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases, primarily through the planned development of emission inventories or regional greenhouse gas cap and trade programs or have begun considering adopting greenhouse gas regulatory programs. At the federal legislative level, various climate change legislative measures have been considered by the U.S. Congress, but it is not possible at this time to predict when, or if, Congress will act on climate change legislation, although any major initiatives in this area may unlikely to become law in the near future due to opposition in the U.S. House of Representatives. As a result of the U.S. Supreme Court decision in Massachusetts, et al. v. EPA , on December 7, 2009, the EPA issued a finding that serves as the foundation under the Clean Air Act to issue other rules that would result in federal greenhouse gas regulations and emissions limits under the Clean Air Act, even without Congressional action. As part of this array of new regulations, the EPA has issued a GHG monitoring and reporting rule that requires certain parties, including participants in the oil and gas industry, to monitor and report their GHG emissions, including methane and carbon dioxide, to the EPA. These regulations may apply to our operations. The EPA has adopted other rules that would regulate GHGs, one of which would regulate GHGs from stationary sources, and may affect sources in the oil and gas exploration and production industry and the pipeline industry. The EPA’s finding, the greenhouse gas reporting rule, and the rules to regulate the emissions of greenhouse gases may affect the cost of our operations and also affect the outcome of other climate change lawsuits pending in United States federal courts in a manner unfavorable to our industry. Any laws or regulations that may be adopted to restrict or reduce emissions of greenhouse gases could require us to incur increased operating and compliance costs, and could have an adverse effect on demand for the oil and gas that we produce and as a result, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Proposed legislation and regulation under consideration regarding rail transportation could increase our operating costs, reduce our liquidity, delay our operations or otherwise alter the way we conduct our business. We presently sell all of our oil production at the lease, either by truck or pipeline, where custody transfers to the purchaser, accordingly it is unknown to us how much of the oil production is ultimately shipped by rail. In response to recent train derailments occurring in the United States, U.S. regulators are implementing or considering new rules to address the safety risks of transporting oil by rail. On January 23, 2014, the NTSB issued a series of recommendations to address safety risks, including (i) requiring expanded hazardous material route planning for railroads to avoid populated and other sensitive areas, (ii) to develop an audit program to ensure rail carriers that carry petroleum products have adequate response capabilities to address worst-case discharges of the entire quantity of product carried on a train, and (iii) to audit shippers and rail carriers to ensure they are properly classifying hazardous materials in transportation and that they have adequate safety and security plans in place. Additionally, on February 25, 2014 the DOT issued an emergency order requiring all persons, prior to offering oil into transportation, to ensure such product is properly tested and classed and to assure all shipments by rail of oil be handled as a Packing Group I or II hazardous material. The introduction of these or other regulations that result in new requirements addressing the type, design, specifications or construction of rail cars used to transport oil could result in severe transportation capacity constraints during the period in which new rail cars are retrofitted or constructed to meet new specifications. 27 Table of Contents We do not currently own or operate rail transportation facilities or rail cars; however, the adoption of any regulations that impact the testing or rail transportation of oil could increase our costs of doing business and limit our ability to transport and sell our oil at favorable prices at market centers throughout the United States, the consequences of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Common Stock Future issuance of additional shares of common stock could cause dilution of ownership interests and adversely affect our stock price. We are currently authorized to issue 200,000,000 shares of common stock with such rights as determined by our board of directors. We may in the future issue previously authorized and unissued securities, resulting in the dilution of the ownership interests of current stockholders. The potential issuance of any such additional shares of common stock may create downward pressure on the trading price of our common stock. We may also issue additional shares of common stock or other securities that are convertible into or exercisable for common stock for capital raising or other business purposes. Future sales of substantial amounts of common stock, or the perception that sales could occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock. We will not pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. We currently anticipate that we will retain all future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our credit facility prohibits us from paying dividends and making other cash distributions. Shares eligible for future sale may depress our stock price. At December 31, 2014, we had 106,186,678 shares of common stock outstanding of which 9,176,554 shares were held by affiliates and, in addition, 5,885,470 shares of common stock were subject to outstanding options granted under stock option plans (of which 4,111,853 shares were vested at December 31, 2014). All of the shares of common stock held by affiliates are restricted or control securities under Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act. The shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of stock options have been registered under the Securities Act. Sales of shares of common stock under Rule 144 or another exemption under the Securities Act or pursuant to a registration statement could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise additional capital through the sale of equity securities. The price of our common stock has been volatile and could continue to fluctuate substantially. Our common stock is traded on The NASDAQ Stock Market. The market price of our common stock has been volatile and could fluctuate substantially based on a variety of factors, including the following: • fluctuations in commodity prices; • variations in results of operations; • legislative or regulatory changes; • general trends in the oil and gas industry; • sales of common stock or other actions by our stockholders; • additions or departures of key management personnel; • commencement of or involvement in litigation; • speculation in the press or investment community regarding our business; • an inability to maintain the listing of our common stock on a national securities exchange; • market conditions; and • analysts’ estimates and other events in the oil and gas industry. We may issue shares of preferred stock with greater rights than our common stock. Subject to the rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market, our articles of incorporation authorize our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock and set the terms of the preferred stock without seeking any further approval from holders of our 28 Table of Contents common stock. Any preferred stock that is issued may rank ahead of our common stock in terms of dividends, priority and liquidation premiums and may have greater voting rights than our common stock. Anti-takeover provisions could make a third party acquisition of us difficult. Our articles of incorporation and bylaws provide for a classified board of directors, with each member serving a three-year term, and eliminate the ability of stockholders to call special meetings or take action by written consent. Each of the provisions in our articles of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us without the approval of our board. In addition, the Nevada corporate statute also contains certain provisions that could make an acquisition by a third party more difficult. Item 1B